United States 
International Trade Commission 

Harmonized    Tariff
Schedule of the United
States (2026) 
Revision 1 

February 2026 
Publication Number:  5699

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
United States International Trade Commission 

Commissioners 

Amy A. Karpel, Chair 

David S. Johanson  

Jason E. Kearns  

Catherine DeFilippo 
Director, Office of Operations 

 Jennifer Rohrbach 
Director, Office of Tariff Affairs and Trade 
Agreements 

Ryan Kane 
Associate Director, Office of Tariff Affairs 
and Trade  Agreements 

Address all communications to 

United States International Trade Commission 
Washington, DC 20436 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
United States International Trade Commission 

Harmonized Tariff 
Schedule of the United 
States 2026  
Revision 2 

For Use in Classification of Imported 
Merchandise for Rate of Duty and 
Statistical Purposes 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
United States International Trade Commission 

Project Leader 

Philip Stone, HTS Project Leader 

Principal Authors 

Anthony Britt, Nomenclature Analyst 

Vanessa Lee, Nomenclature Analyst   

Manjola Mancka, Nomenclature Analyst  

Tyler Martin, Nomenclature Analyst 

Andrew Musko, International Trade Specialist 

Edward Petronzio, Nomenclature Analyst 

Heather K. Pinnock, Attorney-Advisor 

Daniel P.  Shepherdson, Attorney-Advisor 

David Taylor, International Trade Specialist 

Richard Waterman, Attorney-Advisor 

Under the direction of 
Jennifer Rohrbach, Director 
and 
Ryan Kane, Associate Director 

For further information see 

https://www.usitc.gov/harmonized_tariff_information 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (2026 Revision 2) 

February 1, 2026 

Preface 

The changes in this revision reflect the following instruments and actions taken since the 2026 Revision 1 
was posted: 

Changes approved by the Committee for Statistical Annotation of Tariff Schedules (formulated pursuant 
to section 484(f), Tariff Act of 1930, as amended), effective February 1, 2026. 

Please consult the Change Record for a listing of individual changes in this revision.  The Change Record 
files are NOT cumulative from one electronic revision to the next; it is advisable to retain all change 
records for the electronic revisions in this calendar year to ascertain the full extent of substantive 
changes to the HTS. 

 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS

General Rules of Interpretation

Additional U.S. Rules of Interpretation

General Notes

General Note 1

Tariff Treatment of Imported Goods and of Vessel Equipments, Parts and
Repairs

General Note 2

Customs Territory of the United States

General Note 3

Rates of Duty

General Note 4

Products of Countries Designated Beneficiary Developing Countries for
Purposes of the Generalized System of Preferences (GSP)

General Note 5

Automotive Products and Motor Vehicles Eligible for Special Tariff Treatment

General Note 6

Articles Eligible for Duty-Free Treatment Pursuant to the Agreement on
Trade in Civil Aircraft

General Note 7

Products of Countries Designated as Beneficiary Countries for Purposes
of the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (CBERA)

General Note 8

United States-Israel Free Trade Area Implementation Act of 1985

General Note 9

United States-Canada Free-Trade Agreement (suspended)

General Note 10

Products of the Freely Associated States

General Note 11

United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement

General Note 12

North American Free Trade Agreement (deleted)

General Note 13

Pharmaceutical Products

General Note 14

Intermediate Chemicals for Dyes

General Note 15

Exclusions

General Note 16

Products of Countries Designated as Beneficiary Countries under the
African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA)

General Note 17

Products of Countries Designated as Beneficiary Countries under the United
States-Caribbean Basin Trade Partnership Act of 2000

General Note 18

United States-Jordan Free Trade Area Implementation Act

General Notes 19-24

[Transferred and designated as subdivisions (e) through (j), respectively,
of general note 3 to the tariff schedule]

General Note 25

United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement

General Note 26

United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement

General Note 27

United States-Morocco Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act

General Note 28

United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act

General Note 29

Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement
Implementation Act

General Note 30

United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act

General Note 31

United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act

General Note 32

United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act

General Note 33

United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement

General Note 34

United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement

General Note 35

United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement

General Note 36

Trade Agreement between the United States and Japan

General Statistical Notes

Notice to Exporters

Section Notes

Chapter 1

Live animals

SECTION I

LIVE ANIMALS; ANIMAL PRODUCTS

2

3

4

5

Meat and edible meat offal

Fish and crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates

Dairy produce; birds´ eggs; natural honey; edible products of animal origin, not elsewhere specified or
included

Products of animal origin, not elsewhere specified or included

2

SECTION II

VEGETABLE PRODUCTS

Section Notes

Chapter 6

Live trees and other plants; bulbs, roots and the like; cut flowers and ornamental foliage

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

Edible vegetables and certain roots and tubers

Edible fruit and nuts; peel of citrus fruit or melons

Coffee, tea, maté and spices

Cereals

Products of the milling industry; malt; starches; inulin; wheat gluten

Oil seeds and oleaginous fruits; miscellaneous grains, seeds and fruit; industrial or medicinal plants;
straw and fodder

Lac; gums; resins and other vegetable saps and extracts

Vegetable plaiting materials; vegetable products not elsewhere specified or included

SECTION III

ANIMAL, VEGETABLE OR MICROBIAL FATS AND OILS AND THEIR CLEAVAGE PRODUCTS; PREPARED
EDIBLE FATS; ANIMAL OR VEGETABLE WAXES

Chapter 15

Animal, vegetable or microbial fats and oils and their cleavage products; prepared edible fats; animal
or vegetable waxes

SECTION IV

PREPARED FOODSTUFFS; BEVERAGES, SPIRITS AND VINEGAR; TOBACCO AND MANUFACTURED
TOBACCO SUBSTITUTES; PRODUCTS, WHETHER OR NOT CONTAINING NICOTINE, INTENDED FOR
INHALATION WITHOUT COMBUSTION; OTHER NICOTINE CONTAINING PRODUCTS INTENDED FOR THE
INTAKE OF NICOTINE INTO THE HUMAN BODY

Section Notes

Chapter 16

Preparations of meat, of fish, of crustaceans, molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, or of insects

17

18

Sugars and sugar confectionery

Cocoa and cocoa preparations

3

19

20

21

22

23

24

Preparations of cereals, flour, starch or milk; bakers' wares

Preparations of vegetables, fruit, nuts or other parts of plants

Miscellaneous edible preparations

Beverages, spirits and vinegar

Residues and waste from the food industries; prepared animal feed

Tobacco and manufactured tobacco substitutes; products whether or not containing nicotine, intended
for inhalation without combustion; other nicotine containing products intended for the intake of nicotine
into the human body

SECTION V

MINERAL PRODUCTS

Chapter 25

Salt; sulfur; earths and stone; plastering materials, lime and cement

26

27

Ores, slag and ash

Mineral fuels, mineral oils and products of their distillation; bituminous substances; mineral waxes

SECTION VI

PRODUCTS OF THE CHEMICAL OR ALLIED INDUSTRIES

Section Notes

Chapter 28

Inorganic chemicals; organic or inorganic compounds of precious metals, of rare-earth metals, of
radioactive elements or of isotopes

29

30

31

32

33

34

Organic chemicals

Pharmaceutical products

Fertilizers

Tanning or dyeing extracts; tannins and their derivatives; dyes, pigments and other coloring matter;
paints and varnishes; putty and other mastics; inks

Essential oils and resinoids; perfumery, cosmetic or toilet preparations

Soap, organic surface-active agents, washing preparations, lubricating preparations, artificial waxes,
prepared waxes, polishing or scouring preparations, candles and similar articles, modeling pastes,"dental
waxes" and dental preparations with a basis of plaster

4

35

36

37

38

Albuminoidal substances; modified starches; glues; enzymes

Explosives; pyrotechnic products; matches; pyrophoric alloys; certain combustible preparations

Photographic or cinematographic goods

Miscellaneous chemical products

SECTION VII

PLASTICS AND ARTICLES THEREOF;
RUBBER AND ARTICLES THEREOF

Section Notes

Chapter 39

Plastics and articles thereof

40

Rubber and articles thereof

SECTION VIII

RAW HIDES AND SKINS, LEATHER, FURSKINS AND ARTICLES
THEREOF; SADDLERY AND HARNESS; TRAVEL GOODS,
HANDBAGS AND SIMILAR CONTAINERS; ARTICLES OF ANIMAL GUT
(OTHER THAN SILKWORM GUT)

Chapter 41

Raw hides and skins (other than furskins) and leather

42

Articles of leather; saddlery and harness; travel goods, handbags and similar containers; articles of
animal gut (other than silkworm gut)

43

Furskins and artificial fur; manufactures thereof

SECTION IX

WOOD AND ARTICLES OF WOOD; WOOD CHARCOAL;
CORK AND ARTICLES OF CORK; MANUFACTURES OF STRAW,
OF ESPARTO OR OF OTHER PLAITING MATERIALS;
BASKETWARE AND WICKERWORK

Chapter 44

Wood and articles of wood; wood charcoal

45

46

Cork and articles of cork

Manufactures of straw, of esparto or of other plaiting materials; basketware and wickerwork

5

SECTION X

PULP OF WOOD OR OF OTHER FIBROUS CELLULOSIC MATERIAL;
RECOVERED (WASTE AND SCRAP) PAPER OR PAPERBOARD;
PAPER AND PAPERBOARD AND ARTICLES THEREOF

Section Notes

Chapter 47

Pulp of wood or of other fibrous cellulosic material; recovered (waste and scrap) paper or paperboard

48

49

Paper and paperboard; articles of paper pulp, of paper or of paperboard

Printed books, newspapers, pictures and other products of the printing industry; manuscripts, typescripts
and plans

SECTION XI

TEXTILES AND TEXTILE ARTICLES

Section Notes

Chapter 50

Silk

51

52

53

54

55

56

57

58

59

60

61

62

63

Wool, fine or coarse animal hair; horsehair yarn and woven fabric

Cotton

Other vegetable textile fibers; paper yarn and woven fabrics of paper yarn

Man-made filaments; strip and the like of man-made textile materials

Man-made staple fibers

Wadding, felt and nonwovens; special yarns; twine, cordage, ropes and cables and articles thereof

Carpets and other textile floor coverings

Special woven fabrics; tufted textile fabrics; lace; tapestries; trimmings; embroidery

Impregnated, coated, covered or laminated textile fabrics; textile articles of a kind suitable for industrial
use

Knitted or crocheted fabrics

Articles of apparel and clothing accessories, knitted or crocheted

Articles of apparel and clothing accessories, not knitted or crocheted

Other made up textile articles; needlecraft sets; worn clothing and worn textile articles; rags

6

SECTION XII

FOOTWEAR, HEADGEAR, UMBRELLAS, SUN UMBRELLAS,
WALKING-STICKS, SEAT-STICKS, WHIPS, RIDING-CROPS AND
PARTS THEREOF; PREPARED FEATHERS AND ARTICLES MADE
THEREWITH; ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS; ARTICLES OF HUMAN HAIR

Chapter 64

Footwear, gaiters and the like; parts of such articles

65

66

67

Headgear and parts thereof

Umbrellas, sun umbrellas, walking-sticks, seat-sticks, whips, riding-crops and parts thereof

Prepared feathers and down and articles made of feathers or of down; artificial flowers; articles of human
hair

SECTION XIII

ARTICLES OF STONE, PLASTER, CEMENT, ASBESTOS, MICA
OR SIMILAR MATERIALS; CERAMIC PRODUCTS;
GLASS AND GLASSWARE

Chapter 68

Articles of stone, plaster, cement, asbestos, mica or similar materials

69

70

Ceramic products

Glass and glassware

SECTION XIV

NATURAL OR CULTURED PEARLS, PRECIOUS OR SEMIPRECIOUS STONES, PRECIOUS METALS, METALS
CLAD WITH PRECIOUS METAL, AND ARTICLES THEREOF; IMITATION JEWELRY; COIN

Chapter 71

Natural or cultured pearls, precious or semiprecious stones, precious metals, metals clad with precious
metal, and articles thereof; imitation jewelry; coin

SECTION XV

BASE METALS AND ARTICLES OF BASE METAL

Section Notes

Chapter 72

Iron and steel

73

74

Articles of iron or steel

Copper and articles thereof

7

75

76

77

78

79

80

81

82

83

Nickel and articles thereof

Aluminum and articles thereof

(Reserved for possible future use)

Lead and articles thereof

Zinc and articles thereof

Tin and articles thereof

Other base metals; cermets; articles thereof

Tools, implements, cutlery, spoons and forks, of base metal; parts thereof of base metal

Miscellaneous articles of base metal

SECTION XVI

MACHINERY AND MECHANICAL APPLIANCES;
ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT; PARTS THEREOF; SOUND RECORDERS AND
REPRODUCERS, TELEVISION IMAGE AND SOUND RECORDERS AND
REPRODUCERS, AND PARTS AND ACCESSORIES OF SUCH ARTICLES

Section Notes

Chapter 84

Nuclear reactors, boilers, machinery and mechanical appliances; parts thereof

85

Electrical machinery and equipment and parts thereof; sound recorders and reproducers, television
image and sound recorders and reproducers, and parts and accessories of such articles

SECTION XVII

VEHICLES, AIRCRAFT, VESSELS AND ASSOCIATED
TRANSPORT EQUIPMENT

Section Notes

Chapter 86

Railway or tramway locomotives, rolling stock and parts thereof; railway or tramway track fixtures and
fittings and parts thereof; mechanical (including electro-mechanical) traffic signaling equipment of all
kinds

87

88

89

Vehicles other than railway or tramway rolling stock, and parts and accessories thereof

Aircraft, spacecraft, and parts thereof

Ships, boats and floating structures

8

SECTION XVIII

OPTICAL, PHOTOGRAPHIC, CINEMATOGRAPHIC, MEASURING,
CHECKING, PRECISION, MEDICAL OR SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS
AND APPARATUS; CLOCKS AND WATCHES; MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS;
PARTS AND ACCESSORIES THEREOF

Chapter 90

Optical, photographic, cinematographic, measuring, checking, precision, medical or surgical instruments
and apparatus; parts and accessories thereof

91

92

Clocks and watches and parts thereof

Musical instruments; parts and accessories of such articles

SECTION XIX

ARMS AND AMMUNITION; PARTS AND ACCESSORIES THEREOF

Chapter 93

Arms and ammunition; parts and accessories thereof

SECTION XX

MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURED ARTICLES

Chapter 94

Furniture; bedding, mattresses, mattress supports, cushions and similar stuffed furnishings; luminaires
and lighting fittings, not elsewhere specified or included; illuminated signs, illuminated nameplates and
the like; prefabricated buildings

95

96

Toys, games and sports equipment; parts and accessories thereof

Miscellaneous manufactured articles

SECTION XXI

WORKS OF ART, COLLECTORS' PIECES AND ANTIQUES

Chapter 97

Works of art, collectors' pieces and antiques

9

SECTION XXII

SPECIAL CLASSIFICATION PROVISIONS;
TEMPORARY LEGISLATION; TEMPORARY MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED
PURSUANT TO TRADE LEGISLATION; ADDITIONAL IMPORT RESTRICTIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 22 OF THE AGRICULTURAL
ADJUSTMENT ACT, AS AMENDED

Chapter 98

Special classification provisions

99

Temporary legislation; temporary modifications established pursuant to trade legislation; additional
import restrictions established pursuant to section 22 of the Agricultural Adjustment Act, as amended

Chemical Appendix to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule

Pharmaceutical Appendix to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule

Intermediate Chemicals for Dyes Appendix

Statistical Annexes

Annex A -

Schedule C, Classification of Country and Territory Designations for U.S. Foreign Trade Statistics

Annex B -

International Standard Country Codes

Annex C -

Schedule D, Customs District and Port Codes

Change Record

10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.1

Classification of goods in the tariff schedule shall be governed by the following principles:

GENERAL RULES OF INTERPRETATION

1.

2.

The table of contents, alphabetical index, and titles of sections, chapters and sub-chapters are provided for ease of reference only;
for legal purposes, classification shall be determined according to the terms of the headings and any relative section or chapter
notes and, provided such headings or notes do not otherwise require, according to the following provisions:

(a) Any reference in a heading to an article shall be taken to include a reference to that article incomplete or unfinished, provided
that, as entered, the incomplete or unfinished article has the essential character of the complete or finished article. It shall also
include a reference to that article complete or finished (or falling to be classified as complete or finished by virtue of this rule),
entered unassembled or disassembled.

(b) Any reference in a heading to a material or substance shall be taken to include a reference to mixtures or combinations of that

material or substance with other materials or substances. Any reference to goods of a given material or substance shall be
taken to include a reference to goods consisting wholly or partly of such material or substance. The classification of goods
consisting of more than one material or substance shall be according to the principles of rule 3.

3. When, by application of rule 2(b) or for any other reason, goods are, prima facie, classifiable under two or more headings, classification

shall be effected as follows:

(a) The heading which provides the most specific description shall be preferred to headings providing a more general description.
However, when two or more headings each refer to part only of the materials or substances contained in mixed or composite
goods or to part only of the items in a set put up for retail sale, those headings are to be regarded as equally specific in relation
to those goods, even if one of them gives a more complete or precise description of the goods.

(b) Mixtures, composite goods consisting of different materials or made up of different components, and goods put up in sets for
retail sale, which cannot be classified by reference to 3(a), shall be classified as if they consisted of the material or component
which gives them their essential character, insofar as this criterion is applicable.

(c) When goods cannot be classified by reference to 3(a) or 3(b), they shall be classified under the heading which occurs last in

numerical order among those which equally merit consideration.

4. Goods which cannot be classified in accordance with the above rules shall be classified under the heading appropriate to the goods

to which they are most akin.

5.

In addition to the foregoing provisions, the following rules shall apply in respect of the goods referred to therein:

(a) Camera cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, drawing instrument cases, necklace cases and similar containers,specially
shaped or fitted to contain a specific article or set of articles, suitable for long-term use and entered with the articles for which
they are intended, shall be classified with such articles when of a kind normally sold therewith. This rule does not,however,
apply to containers which give the whole its essential character;

(b) Subject to the provisions of rule 5(a) above, packing materials and packing containers entered with the goods therein shall be
classified with the goods if they are of a kind normally used for packing such goods. However, this provision is not binding
when such packing materials or packing containers are clearly suitable for repetitive use.

6.

For legal purposes, the classification of goods in the subheadings of a heading shall be determined according to the terms of those
subheadings and any related subheading notes and, mutatis mutandis, to the above rules, on the understanding that only subheadings
at the same level are comparable. For the purposes of this rule, the relative section, chapter and subchapter notes also apply,
unless the context otherwise requires.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.2

General Note 1

1.

In the absence of special language or context which otherwise requires--

ADDITIONAL U.S. RULES OF INTERPRETATION

(a) a tariff classification controlled by use (other than actual use) is to be determined in accordance with the use in the United States
at, or immediately prior to, the date of importation, of goods of that class or kind to which the imported goods belong, and the
controlling use is the principal use;

(b) a tariff classification controlled by the actual use to which the imported goods are put in the United States is satisfied only if such

use is intended at the time of importation, the goods are so used and proof thereof is furnished within 3 years after the date the
goods are entered;

(c) a provision for parts of an article covers products solely or principally used as a part of such articles but a provision for "parts" or

"parts and accessories" shall not prevail over a specific provision for such part or accessory; and

(d)

the principles of section XI regarding mixtures of two or more textile materials shall apply to the classification of goods in any
provision in which a textile material is named.

[COMPILER'S NOTE: Multiple sets of changes to the Harmonized System have caused heading and subheading numbers
and product coverage in some rules of origin for free trade agreements to be inconsistent with those in current tariff
schedule chapters. Negotiations are required to enable agreement partners to update each text, plus domestic actions to
implement agreed changes. As a result, the rules of origin provisions for certain United States free trade agreements have
NOT been updated since major changes to the HTS were proclaimed. Where not updated for HS changes, be aware that
the rule you try to apply may contain HTS numbers as in effect in 2002, 2007 or 2012. You can find U.S. proclamations
updating rules in the Federal Register (see annexes for operative language). Changes in rules of origin reflecting HS 2022
modifications are generally not yet negotiated and proclaimed for FTAs.

The new United States-Mexico-Canada Free Trade Agreement, are set forth in terms of HS 2012 and may not contain current
tariff numbers for some products. However, the rules for the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement, the United
States-Chile Free Trade Agreement, the United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement, and the United States-Korea Free
Trade Agreement have been updated to reflect HS 2017, and the pertinent general notes do reflect proclaimed rectifications
through 2007 or 2012, depending on the agreement.

Presidential Proclamation 9555 set forth modifications to the rules of origin for the United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement (effective
February 1, 2017), the United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement (to become effective pursuant to a future Federal Register notice
from USTR), and the Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement (effective as of November 1, 2020). The
United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement's rules were updated in annex IV to Presidential Proclamation 10053 of June 2020, effective
as of September 1, 2020; and the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement updates are effective January 1, 2021. Last, the new
trade agreement between the United States and Japan (see general note 36 and chapter 99 subchapter XXI) does contain rules of origin that
do not appear in the tariff schedule. Consult Customs for guidance if materials have not been posted on their site.

Presidential Proclamations to implement both WCO changes and updates to FTA general notes are posted on the Web site of the United
States International Trade Commission, www.usitc.gov, under "Modifications to the HTS."

Contact officials of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in order to ascertain how to apply out-of-date rules and whether
affected goods qualify for FTA treatment. A ruling on an individual shipment may be necessary.]

General Notes

1

2

Tariff Treatment of Imported Goods and of Vessel Equipments, Parts and Repairs. All goods provided for in this schedule and imported
into the customs territory of the United States from outside thereof, and all vessel equipments, parts, materials and repairs covered by
the provisions of subchapter XVIII to chapter 98 of this schedule, are subject to duty or exempt therefrom as prescribed in general notes
3 through 36, inclusive.

Customs Territory of the United States. The term "customs territory of the United States", as used in the tariff schedule, includes only
the States, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.3

General Note 3

3

Rates of Duty. The rates of duty in the "Rates of Duty" columns designated 1 ("General" and "Special") and 2 of the tariff schedule apply
to goods imported into the customs territory of the United States as hereinafter provided in this note:

(a) Rate of Duty Column 1.

(i)

Except as provided in subparagraph (iv) of this paragraph, the rates of duty in column 1 are rates which are applicable to all
products other than those of countries enumerated in paragraph (b) of this note. Column 1 is divided into two subcolumns,
"General" and "Special", which are applicable as provided below.

(ii) The "General" subcolumn sets forth the general or normal trade relations (NTR) rates which are applicable to products of those

countries described in subparagraph (i) above which are not entitled to special tariff treatment as set forth below.

(iii) The "Special" subcolumn reflects rates of duty under one or more special tariff treatment programs described in paragraph (c)
of this note and identified in parentheses immediately following the duty rate specified in such subcolumn. These rates apply
to those products which are properly classified under a provision for which a special rate is indicated and for which all of the
legal requirements for eligibility for such program or programs have been met. Where a product is eligible for special treatment
under more than one program, the lowest rate of duty provided for any applicable program shall be imposed. Where no special
rate of duty is provided for a provision, or where the country from which a product otherwise eligible for special treatment was
imported is not designated as a beneficiary country under a program appearing with the appropriate provision, the rates of
duty in the "General" subcolumn of column 1 shall apply.

(iv) Products of Insular Possessions.

(A) Except as provided in additional U.S. note 5 of chapter 91 and except as provided in additional U.S. note 2 of chapter
96, and except as provided in section 423 of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, and additional U.S. note 3(e) of chapter 71,
goods imported from insular possessions of the United States which are outside the customs territory of the United States
are subject to the rates of duty set forth in column 1 of the tariff schedule, except that all such goods the growth or product
of any such possession, or manufactured or produced in any such possession from materials the growth, product or
manufacture of any such possession or of the customs territory of the United States, or of both, which do not contain
foreign materials to the value of more than 70 percent of their total value (or more than 50 percent of their total value with
respect to goods described in section 213(b) of the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act), coming to the customs
territory of the United States directly from any such possession, and all goods previously imported into the customs
territory of the United States with payment of all applicable duties and taxes imposed upon or by reason of importation
which were shipped from the United States, without remission, refund or drawback of such duties or taxes, directly to the
possession from which they are being returned by direct shipment, are exempt from duty.

(B)

In determining whether goods produced or manufactured in any such insular possession contain foreign materials to the
value of more than 70 percent, no material shall be considered foreign which either--

(1) at the time such goods are entered, or

(2) at the time such material is imported into the insular possession,

may be imported into the customs territory from a foreign country, and entered free of duty; except that no goods containing
material to which (2) of this subparagraph applies shall be exempt from duty under subparagraph (A) unless adequate
documentation is supplied to show that the material has been incorporated into such goods during the 18-month period
after the date on which such material is imported into the insular possession.

(C) Subject to the limitations imposed under sections 503(a)(2), 503(a)(3) and 503(c) of the Trade Act of 1974, goods

designated as eligible under section 503 of such Act which are imported from an insular possession of the United States
shall receive duty treatment no less favorable than the treatment afforded such goods imported from a beneficiary
developing country under title V of such Act.

(D) Subject to the provisions in section 213 of the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act, goods which are imported from
insular possessions of the United States shall receive duty treatment no less favorable than the treatment afforded such
goods when they are imported from a beneficiary country under such Act.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.4

General Note 3

[(E) Subdivision deleted.]

(F) No quantity of an agricultural product that is subject to a tariff-rate quota that exceeds the in-quota quantity shall be eligible

for duty-free treatment under this paragraph.

(v) Products of the West Bank, the Gaza Strip or a qualifying industrial zone.

(A) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, articles which are imported directly from the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, a

qualifying industrial zone as defined in subdivision (G) of this subparagraph or Israel and are--

(1) wholly the growth, product or manufacture of the West Bank, the Gaza Strip or a qualifying industrial zone; or

(2) new or different articles of commerce that have been grown, produced or manufactured in the West Bank, the Gaza

Strip or a qualifying industrial zone, and the sum of--

(I)

(II)

the cost or value of the materials produced in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, a qualifying industrial zone or
Israel, plus

the direct costs of processing operations (not including simple combining or packaging operations, and not
including mere dilution with water or with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics
of such articles) performed in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, a qualifying industrial zone or Israel,

is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of such articles;

shall be eligible for duty-free entry into the customs territory of the United States. For purposes of subdivision (A)(2),
materials which are used in the production of articles in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip or a qualifying industrial zone,
and which are the product of the United States, may be counted in an amount up to 15 percent of the appraised value of
such articles.

(B) Articles are "imported directly" for the purposes of this paragraph if--

(1)

(2)

they are shipped directly from the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, a qualifying industrial zone or Israel into the United
States without passing through the territory of any intermediate country; or

they are shipped through the territory of an intermediate country, and the articles in the shipment do not enter into
the commerce of any intermediate country and the invoices, bills of lading and other shipping documents specify
the United States as the final destination; or

(3)

they are shipped through an intermediate country and the invoices and other documents do not specify the United
States as the final destination, and the articles--

(I)

remain under the control of the customs authority in an intermediate country;

(II) do not enter into the commerce of an intermediate country except for the purpose of a sale other than at retail,

but only if the articles are imported as a result of the original commercial transactions between the importer
and the producer or the producer's sales agent; and

(III) have not been subjected to operations other than loading, unloading or other activities necessary to preserve

the articles in good condition.

(C) The term "new or different articles of commerce" means that articles must have been substantially transformed in the

West Bank, the Gaza Strip or a qualifying industrial zone into articles with a new name, character or use.

(D)

(1) For the purposes of subdivision (A)(2)(I), the cost or value of materials produced in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip

or a qualifying industrial zone includes--

(I)

the manufacturer's actual cost for the materials;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.5

General Note 3

(II) when not included in the manufacturer's actual cost for the materials, the freight, insurance, packing and all

other costs incurred in transporting the materials to the manufacturer's plant;

(III)

the actual cost of waste or spoilage, less the value of recoverable scrap; and

(IV) taxes or duties imposed on the materials by the West Bank, the Gaza Strip or a qualifying industrial zone, if

such taxes are not remitted on exportation.

(2)

If a material is provided to the manufacturer without charge, or at less than fair market value, its cost or value shall
be determined by computing the sum of--

(I)

all expenses incurred in the growth, production or manufacturer of the material, including general expenses;

(II) an amount for profit; and

(III)

freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the manufacturer's plant.

(3)

If the information necessary to compute the cost or value of a material is not available, the Customs Service may
ascertain or estimate the value thereof using all reasonable methods.

(E)

(1) For purposes of this paragraph, the "direct costs of processing operations performed in the West Bank, the Gaza

Strip or a qualifying industrial zone" with respect to an article are those costs either directly incurred in, or which can
be reasonably allocated to, the growth, production, manufacture or assembly of that article. Such costs include, but
are not limited to, the following to the extent that they are includible in the appraised value of articles imported into
the United States:

(I) All actual labor costs involved in the growth, production, manufacture or assembly of the article, including fringe
benefits, on-the-job training and costs of engineering, supervisory, quality control and similar personnel;

(II) Dies, molds, tooling and depreciation on machinery and equipment which are allocable to such articles;

(III) Research, development, design, engineering and blueprint costs insofar as they are allocable to such articles;

and

(IV) Costs of inspecting and testing such articles.

(2) Those items that are not included as direct costs of processing operations with respect to an article are those which

are not directly attributable to the article or are not costs of manufacturing the article. Such items include, but are
not limited to--

(I)

profit; and

(II) general expenses of doing business which are either not allocable to the article or are not related to the growth,
production, manufacture or assembly of the article, such as administrative salaries, casualty and liability
insurance, advertising and salesmen's salaries, commissions or expenses.

(F) Whenever articles are entered with a claim for the duty exemption provided in this paragraph--

(1)

the importer shall be deemed to certify that such articles meet all of the conditions for duty exemption; and

(2) when requested by the Customs Service, the importer, manufacturer or exporter submits a declaration setting forth

all pertinent information with respect to such articles, including the following:

(I) A description of such articles, quantities, numbers and marks of packages, invoice numbers and bills of lading;

(II) A description of the operations performed in the production of such articles in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip,

a qualifying industrial zone or Israel and an identification of the direct costs of processing operations;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.6

General Note 3

(III) A description of the materials used in the production of such articles which are wholly the growth, product or
manufacture of the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, a qualifying industrial zone, Israel or the United States, and a
statement as to the cost or value of such materials;

(IV) A description of the operations performed on, and a statement as to the origin and cost or value of, any foreign

materials used in such articles which are claimed to have been sufficiently processed in the West Bank, the
Gaza Strip, a qualifying industrial zone or Israel so as to be materials produced in the West Bank, the Gaza
Strip, a qualifying industrial zone or Israel; and

(V) A description of the origin and cost or value of any foreign materials used in the article which have not been

substantially transformed in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip or a qualifying industrial zone.

(G) For the purposes of this paragraph, a "qualifying industrial zone" means any area that--

(1) encompasses portions of the territory of Israel and Jordan or Israel and Egypt;

(2) has been designated by local authorities as an enclave where merchandise may enter without payment of duty or

excise taxes; and

(3) has been designated by the United States Trade Representative in a notice published in the Federal Register as a

qualifying industrial zone.

(b) Rate of Duty Column 2. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this note, the rates of duty shown in column 2 shall apply
to products, whether imported directly or indirectly, of the following countries and areas pursuant to section 401 of the Tariff
Classification Act of 1962, to section 231 or 257(e)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, to section 404(a) of the Trade Act of
1974 or to any other applicable section of law, or to action taken by the President thereunder: 1/

Republic of Belarus
Cuba

North Korea
Russian Federation

(c) Products Eligible for Special Tariff Treatment.

(i)

Programs under which special tariff treatment may be provided, and the corresponding symbols for such programs as they
are indicated in the "Special" subcolumn, are as follows:

Generalized System of Preferences.........................................................................................
United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement........................................................................
Automotive Products Trade Act................................................................................................
United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act..........................................
Agreement on Trade in Civil Aircraft.........................................................................................
United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement..............................................................................
African Growth and Opportunity Act........................................................................................
Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act...............................................................................
United States-Israel Free Trade Area.......................................................................................
United States-Jordan Free Trade Area Implementation Act.....................................................
Trade Agreement Between the United States and Japan .......................................................
Agreement on Trade in Pharmaceutical Products....................................................................
Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement Implementation

A, A* or A+
AU
B
BH
C
CL
D
E or E*
IL
JO
JP
K

Act..........................................................................................................................................
Uruguay Round Concessions on Intermediate Chemicals for Dyes........................................
United States-Caribbean Basin Trade Partnership Act............................................................
United States-Morocco Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act........................................
United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement.....................................................................
United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act............................................
United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act.....................................
United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.............................................
United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act..............................
United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act................................

P or P+
L
R
MA
SG
OM
PE
KR
CO
PA

1/ See U.S. note 30, subchapter III, chapter 99 and heading 9903.90.08 for additional duty treatment.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.7

General Note 3

Nepal Preference Program ......................................................................................................
United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement...............................................................................

NP
S or S+

(ii) Articles which are eligible for the special tariff treatment provided for in general notes 4 through 14 and which are subject to

temporary modification under any provision of subchapters I, II and VII of chapter 99 shall be subject, for the period indicated
in the "Effective Period" column in chapter 99, to rates of duty as follows:

(A)

(B)

if a rate of duty for which the article may be eligible is set forth in the "Special" subcolumn in chapter 99 followed by one
or more symbols described above, such rate shall apply in lieu of the rate followed by the corresponding symbol(s) set
forth for such article in the "Special" subcolumn in chapters 1 to 98; or

if "No change" appears in the "Special" subcolumn in chapter 99 and subdivision (c)(ii)(A) above does not apply, the rate
of duty in the "General" subcolumn in chapter 99 or the applicable rate(s) of duty set forth in the "Special" subcolumn in
chapters 1 to 98, whichever is lower, shall apply.

(iii) Unless the context requires otherwise, articles which are eligible for the special tariff treatment provided for in general notes
4 through 14 and which are subject to temporary modification under any provision of subchapters III or IV of chapter 99 shall
be subject, for the period indicated in chapter 99, to the rates of duty in the "General" subcolumn in such chapter.

(iv) Whenever any rate of duty set forth in the "Special" subcolumn in chapters 1 to 98 is equal to or higher than, the corresponding
rate of duty provided in the "General" subcolumn in such chapters, such rate of duty in the "Special" subcolumn shall be deleted;
except that, if the rate of duty in the "Special" subcolumn is an intermediate stage in a series of staged rate reductions for that
provision, such rate shall be treated as a suspended rate and shall be set forth in the "Special" subcolumn, followed by one
or more symbols described above, and followed by an "s" in parentheses. If no rate of duty for which the article may be eligible
is provided in the "Special" subcolumn for a particular provision in chapters 1 to 98, the rate of duty provided in the "General"
subcolumn shall apply.

(d) Certain Motor Vehicles Manufactured in Foreign Trade Zones.

(i) Duty imposed. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the duty imposed on a qualified article shall be the amount determined

by multiplying the applicable foreign value content of such article by the applicable rate of duty for such article.

(ii) Qualified article. For purposes of this subdivision, the term "qualified article" means an article that is--

(A) classifiable under any of subheadings 8702.10 through 8704.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States,

(B) produced or manufactured in a foreign trade zone before January 1, 1996,

(C)

[Subdivision deleted.]

(D)

[Subdivision deleted.]

[(I)]

[Subdivision deleted.]

[(II)] [Subdivision deleted.]

(iii) Applicable foreign value content.

(A) Applicable foreign value content. For purposes of this subdivision, the term "applicable foreign value content" means the

amount determined by multiplying the value of a qualified article by the applicable percentage.

(B) Applicable percentage. The term "applicable percentage" means the FTZ percentage for the article plus 5 percentage

points.

(iv) Other definitions and special rules. For purposes of this subdivision--

(A) FTZ percentage. The FTZ percentage for a qualified article shall be the percentage determined in accordance with

subparagraph (I), (II), or (III) of this paragraph, whichever is applicable.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.8

General Note 3

(I) Report for year published. If, at the time a qualified article is entered, the FTZ Annual Report for the year in which

the article was manufactured has been published, the FTZ percentage for the article shall be the percentage of
foreign status merchandise set forth in that report for the subzone in which the qualified article was manufactured,
or if not manufactured in a subzone, the foreign trade zone in which the qualified article was manufactured.

(II) Report for year not published. If, at the time a qualified article is entered, the FTZ Annual Report for the year in which
the article was manufactured has not been published, the FTZ percentage for the article shall be the percentage of
foreign status merchandise set forth in the most recently published FTZ Annual Report for the subzone in which the
article was manufactured, or if not manufactured in a subzone, the foreign trade zone in which the qualified article
was manufactured.

(B) Applicable rate of duty. The term "applicable duty rate" means the rate of duty set forth in any of subheadings 8702.10

through 8704.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States that is applicable to the qualified article and
which would apply to that article if the article were directly entered for consumption into the United States from the foreign
trade zone with non-privileged foreign status having been claimed for all foreign merchandise used in the manufacture
or production of the qualified article.

(C) Foreign trade zone; subzone. The terms "foreign trade zone" and "subzone" mean a zone or subzone established pursuant

to the Act of June 18, 1934, commonly known as the Foreign Trade Zones Act (19 U.S.C. 81a et seq.).

(D) FTZ annual report. The term "FTZ Annual Report" means the Annual Report to the Congress published in accordance

with section 16 of the Foreign Trade Zones Act (19 U.S.C. 81p(c)).

(E) Non-privileged foreign status. The term "non-privileged foreign status" means that privilege has not been requested with

respect to an article pursuant to section 3 of the Foreign Trade Zones Act.

(e) Exemptions. For the purposes of general note 1--

(i)

corpses, together with their coffins and accompanying flowers,

(ii)

telecommunications transmissions,

(iii)

records, diagrams and other data with regard to any business, engineering or exploration operation whether on paper, cards,
photographs, blueprints, tapes or other media,

(iv) articles returned from space within the purview of section 484a of the Tariff Act of 1930,

(v) articles exported from the United States which are returned within 45 days after such exportation from the United States as

undeliverable and which have not left the custody of the carrier or foreign customs service,

(vi) any aircraft part or equipment that was removed from a United States-registered aircraft while being used abroad in international

traffic because of accident, breakdown, or emergency, that was returned to the United States within 45 days after removal,
and that did not leave the custody of the carrier or foreign customs service while abroad, and

(vii) residue of bulk cargo contained in instruments of international traffic previously exported from the United States,

are not goods subject to the provisions of the tariff schedule. No exportation referred to in subdivision (e) may be treated as satisfying
any requirement for exportation in order to receive a benefit from, or meet an obligation to, the United States as a result of such
exportation. For purposes of subparagraph (vii) of this paragraph: The term 'residue' means material of bulk cargo that remains in
an instrument of international traffic after the bulk cargo is removed, with a quantity, by weight or volume, not exceeding 7 percent
of the bulk cargo, and with no or de minimis value. The term 'bulk cargo' means cargo that is unpackaged and is in either solid,
liquid, or gaseous form. The term 'instruments of international traffic' means containers or holders, capable of and suitable for
repeated use, such as lift vans, cargo vans, shipping tanks, skids, pallets, caul boards, and cores for textile fabrics, arriving (whether
loaded or empty) in use or to be used in the shipment of merchandise in international traffic, and any additional articles or classes
of articles that the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection designates as instruments of international traffic.

(f) Commingling of Goods.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.9

General Note 3

(i) Whenever goods subject to different rates of duty are so packed together or mingled that the quantity or value of each class
of goods cannot be readily ascertained by customs officers (without physical segregation of the shipment or the contents of
any entire package thereof), by one or more of the following means:

(A) sampling,

(B) verification of packing lists or other documents filed at the time of entry, or

(C) evidence showing performance of commercial settlement tests generally accepted in the trade and filed in such time and

manner as may be prescribed by regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury,

the commingled goods shall be subject to the highest rate of duty applicable to any part thereof unless the consignee or his
agent segregates the goods pursuant to subdivision (f)(ii) hereof.

(ii) Every segregation of goods made pursuant to subdivision (f) of this note shall be accomplished by the consignee or his agent

at the risk and expense of the consignee within 30 days (unless the Secretary authorizes in writing a longer time) after the
date of personal delivery or mailing, by such employee as the Secretary of the Treasury shall designate, of written notice to
the consignee that the goods are commingled and that the quantity or value of each class of goods cannot be readily ascertained
by customs officers. Every such segregation shall be accomplished under customs supervision, and the compensation and
expenses of the supervising customs officers shall be reimbursed to the Government by the consignee under such regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.

(iii) The foregoing provisions of subdivision (f) of this note do not apply with respect to any part of a shipment if the consignee or
his agent furnishes, in such time and manner as may be prescribed by regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury, satisfactory
proof--

(A)

that such part (1) is commercially negligible, (2) is not capable of segregation without excessive cost and (3) will not be
segregated prior to its use in a manufacturing process or otherwise, and

(B)

that the commingling was not intended to avoid the payment of lawful duties.

Any goods with respect to which such proof is furnished shall be considered for all customs purposes as a part of the goods,
subject to the next lower rate of duty, with which they are commingled.

(iv) The foregoing provisions of subdivision (f) of this note do not apply with respect to any shipment if the consignee or his agent
shall furnish, in such time and manner as may be prescribed by regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury, satisfactory proof--

(A)

that the value of the commingled goods is less than the aggregate value would be if the shipment were segregated;

(B)

that the shipment is not capable of segregation without excessive cost and will not be segregated prior to its use in a
manufacturing process or otherwise; and

(C)

that the commingling was not intended to avoid the payment of lawful duties.

Any goods with respect to which such proof is furnished shall be considered for all customs purposes to be dutiable at the rate
applicable to the material present in greater quantity than any other material.

(v) The provisions of subdivision (f) of this note shall apply only in cases where the tariff schedule does not expressly provide a

particular tariff treatment for commingled goods.

(g) Abbreviations. In the tariff schedule the following symbols and abbreviations are used with the meanings respectively indicated

below:

$
¢
%
+
/
°

-
-
-
-
-
-

dollars
cents
percent ad valorem
plus
per
degrees

kN
kVA
kvar
kW
kWH
lin

-
-
-
-
-
-

kilonewtons
kilovolt-amperes
kilovolt-amperes reactive
kilowatts
kilowatt-hours
linear

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.10

General Note 3

AC
ASTM
bbl
C
cc
cu.
cg
cm
cm2
cm3
cy
d
DC
doz.
g
G.V.W.
I.R.C.
kcal
kg
kHz

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

alternating current
American Society for Testing Materials
barrels
Celcius
cubic centimeters
cubic
centigrams
centimeters
square centimeters
cubic centimeters
clean yield
Denier
direct current
Dozens
grams
gross vehicle weight
Internal Revenue Code
kilocalories
kilograms
kilohertz

m
Mbq
mc
mg
MHz
ml
mm
MPa
m2
m3
No.
ode
pcs
pf.
prs.
r.p.m.
sbe
SME
t
V
W
wt.

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

meter
megabecquerel
millicuries
milligrams
megahertz
milliliters
millimeters
megapascals
square meters
cubic meters
number
ozone depletion equivalent
pieces
proof
pairs
revolutions per minute
standard brick equivalent
square meters equivalent
metric tons
volts
watts
weight

(h) Definitions. For the purposes of the tariff schedule, unless the context otherwise requires--

(i)

the term "entered" means entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, in the customs territory of the United States;

(ii)

the term "entered for consumption" does not include withdrawals from warehouse for consumption;

(iii)

the term "withdrawn from warehouse for consumption" means withdrawn from warehouse for consumption and does not include
goods entered for consumption;

(iv)

the term "rate of duty" includes a free rate of duty;

(v)

the terms "wholly of", "in part of", and "containing", when used between the description of an article and a material (e.g., "woven
fabrics, wholly of cotton"), have the following meanings:

(A)

"wholly of" means that the goods are, except for negligible or insignificant quantities of some other material or materials,
composed completely of the named material;

(B)

"in part of" or "containing" mean that the goods contain a significant quantity of the named material.

With regard to the application of the quantitative concepts specified above, it is intended that the de minimis rule apply.

(vi)

the term "headings" refers to the article descriptions and tariff provisions appearing in the schedule at the first hierarchical
level; the term "subheading" refers to any article description or tariff provision indented thereunder; a reference to "headings"
encompasses subheadings indented thereunder.

(i)

Issuance of Rules and Regulations. The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to issue rules and regulations governing
the admission of articles under the provisions of the tariff schedule. The allowance of an importer's claim for classification, under
any of the provisions of the tariff schedule which provides for total or partial relief from duty or other import restrictions on the basis
of facts which are not determinable from an examination of the article itself in its condition as imported, is dependent upon his
complying with any rules or regulations which may be issued pursuant to this note.

(j) Methods of Ascertainment. The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to prescribe methods of analyzing, testing, sampling,

weighing, gauging, measuring or other methods of ascertainment whenever he finds that such methods are necessary to determine
the physical, chemical or other properties or characteristics of articles for purposes of any law administered by the Customs Service.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.11

GSP

4.

Products of Countries Designated Beneficiary Developing Countries for Purposes of the Generalized System of Preferences (GSP) 1/

(a) The following countries, territories and associations of countries eligible for treatment as one country (pursuant to section 507(2)
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2467(2)) are designated beneficiary developing countries for the purposes of the Generalized
System of Preferences, provided for in Title V of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.):

Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and

Hercegovina

Botswana
Brazil
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Côte d'Ivoire
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African

Republic

Chad
Comoros
Congo (Brazzaville)
Congo (Kinshasa)
Djibouti
Dominica
Ecuador
Egypt
Eritrea
Eswatini
Ethiopia
Fiji

Independent Countries

Gabon
Gambia, The
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Indonesia
Iraq
Jamaica
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kyrgyzstan
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Madagascar
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
Niger
Nigeria
North Macedonia

Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Philippines
Republic of Yemen
Rwanda
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the

Grenadines

Samoa
Sao Tomé and

Principe

Senegal
Serbia
Sierra Leone
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tonga
Tunisia
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Zambia
Zimbabwe

1/ As of the date of preparation of this edition, Congress has not renewed the effectiveness of the GSP program. Please consult U.S. Customs
and Border Protection instructions on the completion of entries of goods for purposes of a potential future claim for retroactive benefits, as
well as other information.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.12

GSP

Non-Independent Countries and Territories

Anguilla
British Indian Ocean

Territory

Christmas Island

(Australia)

Cocos (Keeling)

Islands

Cook Islands

Falkland Islands (Islas

Malvinas)

Heard Island and

McDonald Islands

Montserrat
Niue
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands

Saint Helena
Tokelau
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
West Bank and Gaza

Strip

Western Sahara

Associations of Countries (treated as one country)

Member Countries of the
Cartagena Agreement
(Andean Group)

Member Countries of the West
African Economic and
Monetary Union (WAEMU)

Member Countries of the
Association of South East
Asian Nations (ASEAN)

Consisting of:

Bolivia
Ecuador

Consisting of:

Benin
Burkina Faso
Côte d'Ivoire
Guinea-Bissau
Mali
Niger
Senegal
Togo

Member Countries of the
Southern Africa Development
Community (SADC)

Currently qualifying:

Member Countries of the South
Asian Association for
Regional Cooperation
(SAARC)

Currently qualifying:

Botswana
Mauritius
Tanzania

Afghanistan
Bhutan
Maldives
Nepal
Pakistan
Sri Lanka

Currently qualifying:

Burma
Cambodia
Indonesia
Philippines
Thailand

Member Countries of the
Caribbean Common Market
(CARICOM)

Currently qualifying:

Belize
Dominica
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the

Grenadines

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.13

GSP

(b)

(i)

The following beneficiary countries are designated as least-developed beneficiary developing countries pursuant to section
502(a)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended:

Afghanistan
Angola
Benin
Bhutan
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Central African

Republic

Chad
Comoros

Congo

(Kinshasa)

Djibouti
Ethiopia
Gambia, The
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Haiti
Kiribati
Lesotho
Liberia
Madagascar
Malawi

Mali
Mauritania
Mozambique
Nepal
Niger
Republic of
Yemen
Rwanda
Samoa
Sao Tomé and

Principe

Senegal
Sierra Leone

Somalia
South Sudan
Tanzania
The Solomon

Islands
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tuvalu
Uganda
Vanuatu
Zambia

Whenever an eligible article which is the growth, product or manufacture of one of the countries designated as a least-developed
beneficiary developing country is imported into the customs territory of the United States directly from such country, such
article shall be entitled to receive the duty-free treatment provided for in subdivision (c) of this note without regard to the
limitations on preferential treatment of eligible articles in section 503(c)(2)(A) of the Trade Act, as amended (19 U.S.C.
2463(c)(2)(A)).

(ii) Articles provided for in a provision for which a rate of duty "Free" appears in the "Special" subcolumn followed by the symbol
"A+" in parentheses are those designated by the President to be eligible articles for purposes of the GSP pursuant to section
503(a)(1)(B) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended. The symbol "A+" indicates that all least-developed beneficiary countries
are eligible for preferential treatment with respect to all articles provided for in the designated provisions. Whenever an eligible
article which is the growth, product, or manufacture of a designated least-developed developing country listed in subdivision
(b)(i) of this note is imported into the customs territory of the United States directly from such country, such article shall be
eligible for duty-free treatment as set forth in the "Special" subcolumn; provided that, in accordance with regulations promulgated
by the Secretary of the Treasury the sum of (1) the cost or value of the materials produced in the least-developed beneficiary
developing country or 2 or more countries which are members of the same association of countries which is treated as one
country under section 507(2) of the Trade Act of 1974, plus (2) the direct costs of processing operations performed in such
least-developed beneficiary developing country or such members countries, is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value
of such article at the time of its entry into the customs territory of the United States. No article or material of a least-developed
beneficiary developing country shall be eligible for such treatment by virtue of having merely undergone simple combining or
packing operations, or mere dilution with water or mere dilution with another substance that does not materially alter the
characteristics of the article.

(c) Articles provided for in a provision for which a rate of duty of "Free" appears in the "Special" subcolumn followed by the symbols

"A" or "A*" in parentheses are those designated by the President to be eligible articles for purposes of the GSP pursuant to section
503 of the Trade Act of 1974. The following articles may not be designated as an eligible article for purposes of the GSP:

(i)

textile and apparel articles which were not eligible articles for purposes of this note on January 1, 1994;

(ii) watches, except as determined by the President pursuant to section 503(c)(1)(B) of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended;

(iii)

import-sensitive electronic articles;

(iv)

import-sensitive steel articles;

(v)

footwear, handbags, luggage, flat goods, work gloves and leather wearing apparel, the foregoing which were not eligible articles
for purposes of the GSP on April 1, 1984;

(vi)

import-sensitive semimanufactured and manufactured glass products;

(vii) any agricultural product of chapters 2 through 52, inclusive, that is subject to a tariff-rate quota, if entered in a quantity in excess

of the in-quota quantity for such product; and

(viii) any other articles which the President determines to be import-sensitive in the context of the GSP.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.14

GSP

The symbol "A" indicates that all beneficiary developing countries are eligible for preferential treatment with respect to all articles
provided for in the designated provision. The symbol "A*" indicates that certain beneficiary developing countries, specifically
enumerated in subdivision (d) of this note, are not eligible for such preferential treatment with regard to any article provided for in
the designated provision. Whenever an eligible article which is the growth, product, or manufacture of a designated beneficiary
developing country listed in subdivision (a) of this note is imported into the customs territory of the United States directly from such
country or territory, such article shall be eligible for duty-free treatment as set forth in the "Special" subcolumn, unless excluded
from such treatment by subdivision (d) of this note; provided that, in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Secretary of
the Treasury the sum of (1) the cost or value of the materials produced in the beneficiary developing country or any 2 or more
countries which are members of the same association of countries which is treated as one country under section 507(2) of the
Trade Act of 1974, plus (2) the direct costs of processing operations performed in such beneficiary developing country or such
member countries is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of such article at the time of its entry into the customs territory
of the United States. No article or material of a beneficiary developing country shall be eligible for such treatment by virtue of having
merely undergone simple combining or packing operations, or mere dilution with water or mere dilution with another substance that
does not materially alter the characteristics of the article.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.15

GSP

(d) Articles provided for in a provision for which a rate of duty of "Free" appears in the "Special" subcolumn of rate of duty column 1
followed by the symbol "A*" in parentheses, if imported from a beneficiary developing country set out opposite the provisions
enumerated below, are not eligible for the duty-free treatment provided in subdivision (c) of this note:

0202.30.10
0302.23.00
0302.45.11

0302.46.11

0302.54.11

0302.55.11

0302.56.11

0302.59.11

0302.71.11

0302.72.11

0302.73.11

0302.79.11

0302.84.11

0302.85.11

0302.89.11

0302.91.20
0303.33.00
0303.34.00
0303.39.01
0303.53.00
0303.81.00
0303.91.20
0303.92.00
0304.91.90

0304.92.90

0304.93.90

0304.94.90
0304.95.90
0304.96.00
0304.97.00
0304.99.91
0305.20.20

0305.63.20
0305.64.50
0305.69.60

Argentina
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand

Falkland
Islands
(Islas
Malvinas);
Thailand
Suriname;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Pakistan;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

0306.14.20
0306.33.20
0306.93.20
0307.60.00
0309.10.90
0404.90.10
0502.10.00
0601.10.15
0601.10.45
0601.10.60
0601.10.75
0601.10.90
0601.20.90
0602.10.00
0602.90.30
0602.90.40
0602.90.60
0602.90.90
0603.19.01
0603.90.00
0604.90.60
0703.20.00
0708.90.30
0710.29.30
0710.80.50
0710.80.65
0710.80.70
0710.80.93
0711.20.18
0711.59.90
0712.90.10
0712.90.15
0712.90.30
0712.90.65
0712.90.70
0712.90.74
0712.90.85
0713.20.10
0713.20.20
0713.34.20
0713.39.11
0713.39.21
0713.39.41
0713.90.11
0713.90.61
0713.90.81
0714.30.60

0714.40.10
0714.50.60
0804.50.80
0805.50.30
0805.90.01
0810.60.00
0811.10.00

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Ecuador
Ecuador
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Belize
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
The

Philippines

Ecuador
Ecuador
Philippines
Jamaica
Jamaica
Thailand
Thailand

0811.20.20
0811.20.40
0811.90.10
0811.90.25
0811.90.50
0811.90.52
0811.90.55
0813.40.10
0813.40.80
0902.20.10
0910.12.00
0910.99.06
0910.99.40
0910.99.60
1005.90.40
1007.10.00
1007.90.00
1102.90.30
1106.10.00
1106.30.20
1202.30.40
1202.41.40
1202.42.15

1202.42.60
1207.70.00
1209.91.80
1209.99.41
1404.90.40
1515.50.00
1515.60.05
1515.90.60
1515.90.81
1602.50.05
1602.50.08

1602.50.21
1604.13.90
1604.14.50
1604.15.00
1604.16.40
1604.17.10
1604.17.80
1604.18.10
1604.18.90
1604.19.22
1604.19.25
1604.19.32
1604.19.82
1604.20.05
1604.31.00
1605.21.05
1605.10.05
1605.10.40
1605.21.05

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Argentina
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Ecuador
Argentina
Ecuador
Argentina;
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Argentina;
Brazil

Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.16

GSP

1605.29.05
1605.30.05
1605.56.15
1605.58.55
1701.12.05

1701.12.10
1701.13.05
1701.13.10

1701.13.20
1701.14.05
1701.14.10

1701.14.20
1701.91.05
1701.91.10
1701.91.42
1701.91.80
1701.99.05
1701.99.10
1702.30.22

1702.40.22
1702.40.40
1702.60.22
1702.90.05
1702.90.10

1702.90.35

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Bosnia;
Brazil

Brazil
Brazil
Argentina;
Brazil

Brazil
Brazil
Argentina;
Brazil

Brazil
Brazil
Philippines
Jamaica
Brazil
Brazil
Brazil
Argentina;
Jamaica;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Argentina;
Brazil;
Thailand

Belize;
Brazil;
Thailand

1702.90.40

Brazil;

1702.90.52
1806.10.65
1806.90.01

1806.90.05
1806.90.15
1806.90.25
1806.90.55
1806.90.90

1901.20.45
1902.11.40
1902.19.40
1902.20.00
1902.30.00
1904.30.00
1905.90.90
2001.90.10
2001.90.20
2001.90.25
2001.90.30
2001.90.33
2001.90.34
2001.90.38

Thailand

Thailand
Brazil
Ecuador;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand;
Ukraine
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

2001.90.42
2001.90.45
2001.90.48
2001.90.50
2005.10.00
2005.20.00
2005.59.00
2005.70.02
2005.70.06
2005.70.12
2005.70.16
2005.70.23
2005.70.25
2005.70.75
2005.80.00
2005.99.10
2005.99.20
2005.99.55
2005.99.85
2005.99.97
2006.00.70
2007.91.40
2007.91.90
2007.99.48
2008.11.46
2008.30.10
2008.30.37

2008.30.48
2008.30.60
2008.30.96
2008.50.20

2008.99.13
2008.99.21
2008.99.23
2008.99.28
2008.99.35
2008.99.40
2008.99.45
2008.99.50
2008.99.63
2008.99.65
2008.99.80

2008.99.91
2009.81.00
2009.89.65
2009.89.70
2009.89.80
2009.90.20
2101.20.32
2101.20.54
2101.20.90
2102.20.20
2102.20.60
2103.10.00
2103.30.40
2106.90.03
2106.90.06

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

2106.90.12
2106.90.15
2106.90.18
2106.90.42
2106.90.44
2106.90.52
2106.90.54
2106.90.58
2106.90.82
2202.91.00
2202.99.36
2202.99.37
2207.10.30
2305.00.00
2306.30.00
2401.20.57
2611.00.60
2804.69.10

2805.40.00
2811.22.10
2813.90.50
2822.00.00
2825.90.10
2825.90.15

2825.90.20
2825.90.90
2826.90.10
2826.90.90
2832.20.00
2832.30.10
2839.90.50
2841.30.00
2841.50.91
2843.30.00
2849.10.00
2850.00.50
2904.99.15
2905.12.00
2905.13.00
2905.22.50
2905.42.00
2905.44.00
2905.45.00
2906.11.00
2906.19.30

2909.19.14

2909.19.18
2909.50.40
2910.90.10
2910.90.91
2914.12.00
2914.13.00
2914.40.10
2915.70.01
2916.19.50
2917.14.50

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Philippines
Jamaica
Brazil
Argentina
Argentina
Indonesia
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Brazil
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Argentina;
Brazil
Argentina;
Brazil

Brazil
Indonesia
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Argentina
Brazil
Argentina
Indonesia
Argentina

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.17

GSP

2918.15.10
2918.15.50
2918.21.10
2918.21.50

2918.22.10

2918.22.50

2918.30.90
2922.41.00
2922.49.49
2922.49.80
2923.20.20
2924.21.16
2926.10.00
2929.10.15
2931.90.26
2931.90.90
2932.99.90
2933.39.21
2933.49.30
2933.99.55
2938.90.00
2940.00.60
3209.90.00
3301.12.00
3301.13.00
3301.19.10
3301.90.10
3307.10.10
3307.10.20
3307.20.00
3307.49.00

3307.90.00
3504.00.50
3506.99.00
3603.10.00
3603.20.00
3603.30.00

3603.40.00
3603.50.00
3603.60.00
3604.90.00
3701.10.00
3702.10.00
3706.10.30
3802.10.00
3802.90.10
3805.10.00
3808.69.10
3813.00.50
3823.11.00
3824.99.32
3824.99.41

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Brazil
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Brazil
Argentina
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Brazil
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Argentina
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Bosnia and
Herzegovina;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Thailand
Brazil
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Indonesia
Brazil
Argentina;
Indonesia

3826.00.10

3901.90.90
3902.10.00
3902.20.50
3902.90.00
3903.90.50
3904.40.00
3906.10.00
3906.90.50
3907.30.00

3907.61.00

3907.69.00

3907.70.00
3907.99.50
3909.10.00
3909.50.50
3910.00.00
3911.10.00
3912.31.00
3913.90.20

3913.90.50
3916.20.00
3917.32.00
3917.39.00
3920.10.00
3920.20.00
3920.43.10
3920.43.50
3920.62.00
3920.69.00
3920.92.00
3921.12.11
3921.12.19
3921.12.50
3921.13.11
3921.13.50
3921.90.50
3923.21.00
3923.90.00
3924.10.10
3924.10.20
3924.10.30
3924.10.40
3925.20.00
3925.30.10
3925.30.50
3926.40.00
4009.11.00
4009.21.00
4009.31.00
4009.32.00
4009.41.00
4010.31.60

Argentina;
Indonesia

Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina;
Thailand
Argentina;

Indonesia;
Thailand
Argentina;

Indonesia;
Thailand
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

4011.10.10

Argentina;
Brazil;
Indonesia;
Thailand;
Ukraine

4011.10.50

Brazil;

4011.20.10

Brazil;

Thailand

4011.20.50
4011.80.20
4011.80.80
4011.90.20
4011.90.80
4012.12.80
4012.90.45

4012.90.90
4013.90.60
4016.91.00
4016.93.10
4016.93.50
4101.90.40
4104.41.50
4107.11.80
4107.19.50
4107.99.80
4113.90.60
4201.00.60
4205.00.05
4205.00.40
4205.00.60
4303.10.00
4409.10.05
4409.22.05
4409.29.06

Thailand

Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Jordan
Brazil;

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Brazil
Argentina
Brazil
Brazil
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Brazil
Brazil;

Thailand

4411.12.90
4412.10.05

Brazil
Brazil;

Ecuador;
Thailand

4412.31.26

Brazil;

4412.31.42

4412.31.45
4412.31.48

Thailand
Indonesia;
Thailand

Thailand
Indonesia;
Thailand

4412.31.52

Brazil;

4412.31.61

Indonesia;
Thailand
Indonesia;
Thailand

4412.31.92

Brazil;

Indonesia;
Thailand

4412.33.26
4412.33.32
4412.33.57
4412.34.26

Brazil
Brazil
Brazil
Brazil

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.18

GSP

4412.34.32

Brazil;

4418.83.00

Brazil;

4412.34.57
4412.39.30
4412.39.40

Ecuador

Brazil
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand

Thailand

4418.89.00

Brazil;

Thailand

4418.91.91

Brazil;

Thailand

4412.51.31

Brazil;

4418.92.00

Brazil;

4412.51.41

Brazil;

4418.99.91

Brazil;

Indonesia

Thailand

Ecuador;
Indonesia

4412.52.31

Brazil;

4412.52.41

Brazil;

Indonesia

Ecuador;
Indonesia

4412.59.80
4412.59.90
4412.91.31

Ecuador
Guyana
Brazil;

Indonesia;
Thailand

4412.91.41

Brazil;

Ecuador;
Indonesia;
Thailand

4412.92.31

Brazil;

Indonesia;
Thailand

4412.92.42

Brazil,

4412.99.71
4412.99.81

4412.99.91

4414.10.00
4414.90.00
4415.10.90
4417.00.80
4418.30.01
4418.73.30

Ecuador;
Indonesia;
Thailand

Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand

Guyana;

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Brazil;

Indonesia;
Thailand

4418.73.40
4418.73.70

Brazil
Brazil;

Indonesia

4418.73.90
4418.74.90

Brazil
Brazil;

Indonesia

4418.75.40
4418.75.70

Brazil
Brazil;

Indonesia

4418.79.01

Brazil;

Thailand

4418.81.00

Brazil;

Thailand

4418.82.00

Brazil;

Thailand

4419.11.00
4419.19.10
4419.19.90
4419.20.10
4419.20.90
4419.90.11
4419.90.91
4420.11.00
4420.19.00
4420.90.45
4420.90.80
4421.20.10
4421.20.20
4421.91.30
4421.91.60

4421.91.98
4421.99.30
4421.99.60

4421.99.98
4601.93.05
4601.93.20
4602.11.05
4602.11.09
4602.11.45
4602.12.05
4602.12.16
4602.12.23
4602.12.45
4602.19.23

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
The

Philippines

4602.90.00
5607.90.35

Thailand
The

Philippines

5702.91.30
5702.92.10
5702.99.05
5702.99.20
5703.10.20
5903.10.10
6116.10.08

6116.99.35
6117.80.85
6204.49.10
6216.00.08
6216.00.35
6216.00.46
6217.10.85

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand;
Ukraine
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

6304.99.10
6304.99.25
6304.99.40
6307.90.85
6307.90.98
6405.90.20
6406.20.00
6504.00.30
6504.00.60
6506.99.30
6506.99.60
6601.10.00
6701.00.30
6701.00.60
6702.10.20
6702.10.40
6702.90.10
6702.90.35
6702.90.65
6802.29.10
6802.29.90
6802.92.00
6802.93.00
6802.99.00
6907.21.30
6907.22.30
6907.23.30
6907.30.30
6907.40.30
6909.11.40
6909.12.00
6910.10.00

6910.90.00

6911.10.15
6911.10.25
6911.10.35
6911.10.37
6911.10.38
6911.10.41
6911.10.45
6911.10.60
6911.90.00
6912.00.10
6912.00.35
6912.00.41
6912.00.44
6912.00.46
6912.00.48
6912.00.50
6913.10.20
6913.90.50
6914.90.80
7002.39.00
7006.00.10
7006.00.20
7006.00.40
7007.11.00
7013.99.30

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand
Argentina;
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.19

GSP

7013.99.35
7016.10.00
7019.80.90
7019.90.51
7103.99.50
7106.92.50
7113.11.50
7113.19.10
7113.19.21
7113.19.25
7113.19.29

7113.19.30
7113.19.50
7113.20.10
7113.20.21
7113.20.25
7113.20.29
7113.20.30
7113.20.50
7114.11.60
7114.20.00
7116.20.05
7116.20.15
7116.20.30
7116.20.35
7116.20.40
7117.11.00
7117.90.20
7117.90.30
7117.90.55
7117.90.90
7202.11.10
7202.21.10
7202.21.50

7202.30.00

7202.41.00
7202.93.80
7202.99.10
7307.11.00
7307.19.30
7307.21.10
7307.21.50

7307.23.00
7307.29.00
7307.91.30
7307.91.50
7307.93.60
7307.93.90
7315.90.00
7318.12.00
7318.15.60
7318.15.80
7318.19.00
7320.10.30
7320.10.90
7320.90.50

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Indonesia;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Brazil
Argentina;
Brazil
Argentina;
Brazil

Kazakhstan
Brazil
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

7321.81.10
7323.91.50
7323.93.00
7323.99.30
7323.99.70
7323.99.90
7324.10.00
7403.11.00
7403.19.00
7407.21.90
7408.11.60
7408.19.00
7408.29.10
7408.29.50
7409.11.50
7409.21.00
7410.22.00
7411.29.10
7411.29.50
7412.20.00
7413.00.10
7413.00.50
7413.00.90
7418.10.00
7418.20.10
7418.20.50
7505.22.10
7505.22.50
7604.29.10
7604.29.30
7604.29.50
7605.29.00
7606.12.30

7606.12.60
7607.11.30
7607.11.60
7607.11.90
7610.90.00
7612.90.10
7614.10.50
7615.10.11
7615.10.20
7615.10.30
7615.10.50
7615.10.71
7615.10.91
7615.20.00
7616.91.00
7616.99.51
7801.10.00
7901.11.00
7901.12.50

7907.00.10
7907.00.20
7907.00.60
8101.97.00
8108.90.30
8108.90.60

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Kazakhstan
Brazil
Brazil
Brazil
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Indonesia;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Ecuador
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Argentina;

Kazakhstan

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

8112.19.00
8201.40.60
8204.11.00
8205.51.30
8205.51.60
8205.51.75
8207.19.30
8207.19.60
8207.20.00
8207.70.30
8207.70.30
8207.70.60
8207.90.15
8207.90.30
8207.90.45
8207.90.60
8207.90.75
8210.00.00
8211.91.50
8211.91.80
8211.92.20
8211.92.40
8211.92.60
8211.92.90
8211.93.00
8214.20.30
8214.20.90
8215.99.20
8215.99.24
8215.99.40
8215.99.50
8301.20.00
8301.60.00
8301.70.00
8302.10.30
8302.10.60
8302.10.90
8302.20.00
8302.30.30
8302.42.30
8302.42.60
8302.49.20
8302.49.60
8302.49.80
8304.00.00
8306.10.00
8306.21.00
8306.30.00
8402.12.00
8402.20.00
8404.10.00
8404.20.00
8404.90.00
8408.20.20
8408.20.90
8409.91.50

8409.91.99
8409.99.91

Kazakhstan
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Indonesia
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Brazil
Argentina;
Brazil
Argentina
Argentina;
Brazil

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.20

GSP

8410.13.00
8411.81.80
8411.82.80
8411.99.90
8413.30.10

8413.30.90
8413.91.10
8414.59.30
8414.59.65
8414.80.90
8414.90.10
8417.90.00
8419.60.10
8419.90.95
8422.11.00
8424.41.90
8424.89.90
8443.11.10
8443.16.00
8448.31.00
8450.12.00
8450.20.00
8450.90.20

8450.90.40
8450.90.60
8451.29.00
8451.40.00
8456.11.10
8456.11.90
8456.12.90
8457.10.00
8458.11.00
8458.91.10
8458.91.50
8460.12.00
8460.39.00
8461.50.40
8461.50.80
8462.32.10
8462.32.50
8462.33.00
8462.39.00
8462.42.00
8462.51.00
8466.10.01
8466.20.10
8466.20.80
8466.92.50
8466.93.30
8466.93.53
8466.93.75
8466.93.98
8466.94.65
8466.94.85
8467.19.10
8477.10.90
8477.20.00
8477.30.00

Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Ecuador;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Ukraine
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

8477.51.00
8477.59.01
8479.50.00
8480.30.00
8480.79.90
8481.20.00
8481.30.10
8481.30.20

8481.30.90
8481.80.10
8481.80.30

8481.80.50
8481.80.90

8481.90.10
8481.90.30
8481.90.50
8482.30.00
8483.40.50
8483.40.70
8483.40.80
8483.40.90
8483.50.40
8483.50.60
8483.50.90
8483.90.10
8483.90.20
8483.90.50
8484.10.00
8487.90.00
8501.31.20
8501.31.40
8501.31.50
8501.31.60
8501.31.81
8501.32.20
8501.32.61
8501.40.20
8501.40.40
8501.40.50
8501.40.60
8501.61.01
8501.63.01
8501.71.00
8501.72.10
8501.72.20
8501.80.10
8501.80.30
8502.12.00
8503.00.65
8503.00.95
8504.10.00
8505.90.75
8506.80.00
8507.20.40
8507.20.80
8510.30.00
8511.10.00

Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Argentina
Brazil
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

8511.40.00
8512.90.20
8512.90.70
8512.90.90
8513.10.20
8513.10.40
8513.90.20
8513.90.40
8514.20.40
8514.20.60
8515.11.00
8515.31.00
8516.50.00
8516.60.60
8516.71.00

8516.79.00
8516.90.05
8516.90.15
8516.90.25
8516.90.85
8516.90.90
8527.21.25
8528.59.23
8528.59.40
8528.72.64
8536.69.80
8536.90.60
8537.10.30
8537.10.60
8537.10.91
8537.20.00
8538.90.30
8538.90.40
8538.90.60
8538.90.81
8539.10.00
8539.21.40
8539.32.00
8539.39.90
8539.90.00
8543.10.00
8543.40.00
8543.70.20
8543.70.45
8543.70.71
8543.70.98
8544.19.00
8544.20.00
8544.30.00
8607.99.10
8607.99.50
8702.10.31

8708.30.50
8708.40.11
8708.40.50

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand;
Ukraine

Ukraine
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Philippines
Thailand
Thailand
North

Macedonia

Brazil
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand

8708.40.75

Brazil;

Thailand

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.21

GSP

8708.50.51
8708.50.61
8708.50.65

8708.50.79
8708.50.85
8708.50.89

8708.50.91

8708.50.95
8708.50.99

8708.70.45
8708.70.60

8708.91.75
8708.92.75
8708.94.50
8708.94.75
8708.99.55
8708.99.58
8708.99.68
8708.99.81

8711.40.60
8711.50.00
8716.80.50
8716.90.30
8716.90.50

8903.11.00
8903.12.00
8903.19.00
8903.31.00
8903.32.00
8903.33.00
8903.93.15
8903.93.20
8903.93.90
8903.99.16
8903.99.21
8903.99.91
9001.10.00
9001.30.00
9001.40.00
9003.11.00
9003.90.00
9004.90.00
9005.80.40
9005.80.60
9006.40.60
9010.90.95
9013.10.10

Thailand
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Brazil;

Thailand

Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand
Argentina
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Argentina;
Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina;
Thailand

Ukraine
Ukraine
Ukraine
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

9013.10.30

9013.10.50
9017.20.40
9017.20.80
9030.33.34
9031.20.00
9033.00.90
9113.10.00
9113.20.60
9202.90.20
9202.90.40
9202.90.60
9205.10.00
9205.90.14
9205.90.18
9205.90.40
9206.00.20
9206.00.80
9207.10.00
9207.90.00
9208.10.00
9208.90.00
9209.92.20
9209.92.40
9209.92.80
9209.94.40
9209.94.80
9209.99.10
9209.99.18
9209.99.80
9404.21.00
9404.29.90l
9404.30.40
9405.11.40
9405.11.60
9405.11.80
9405.19.40
9405.19.60
9405.19.80
9405.21.40
9405.21.60
9405.21.80
9405.29.40
9405.29.60
9405.29.80
9405.31.00
9405.39.00
9405.41.40
9405.41.60
9405.41.84
9405.42.40
9405.42.60
9405.42.84
9405.49.00

Thailand;
Ukraine
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Argentina
Argentina
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

9405.50.20
9405.50.30
9405.50.40
9405.92.00
9506.11.40

9506.19.80
9506.62.80
9506.69.40
9506.69.60
9506.91.00
9506.99.12
9506.99.30
9506.99.45
9506.99.50
9506.99.55
9506.99.60
9507.20.40
9507.20.80
9507.30.60
9507.30.80
9507.90.20
9507.90.40
9507.90.60
9507.90.80
9601.90.40
9601.90.80
9603.30.20
9603.90.80
9609.10.00
9610.00.00
9613.10.00
9613.80.40
9614.00.25
9614.00.26

9614.00.28
9614.00.94
9614.00.98
9615.19.20
9615.19.40
9615.19.60
9615.90.20
9615.90.30
9615.90.40
9615.90.60
9620.00.10
9620.00.15
9620.00.20
9620.00.25
9620.00.50
9620.00.55
9620.00.65
9620.00.70

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand;
Ukraine
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Brazil
Thailand
Egypt;

Thailand

Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Thailand

(e) Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (c) of this note, articles provided for in a provision for which a rate of duty of "Free"

appears in the "Special" subcolumn followed by the symbol "NP" in parentheses are those designated by the President to be eligible

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.22

APTA

articles for purposes of section 915 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. An article described in this
subdivision is eligible for this treatment if--

(i)

(1)

the article is the growth, product or manufacture of Nepal; and

(2)

in the case of a textile or apparel article, Nepal is the country of origin of the article, as determined under section 102.21
of the Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on February 24, 2016),

(ii)

the article is imported directly from Nepal into the customs territory of the United States; and

(iii)

the sum of the cost or value of the materials produced in, and the direct costs of processing operations performed in, Nepal
or the customs territory of the United States is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of the article at the time it is
entered.

An article shall not be treated as the growth, product or manufacture of Nepal for the purposes of this subdivision by virtue of having
merely undergone (A) simple combining or packaging operations, or (B) mere dilution with water or mere dilution with another
substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the article. For purposes of subdivision (iii) above, the cost or value
of materials produced in, and the direct costs of processing operations performed in, the customs territory of the United States and
attributed to the 35 percent requirement under such subdivision may not exceed 15 percent of the appraised value of the article at
the time it is entered.

5

Automotive Products and Motor Vehicles Eligible for Special Tariff Treatment. Articles entered under the Automotive Products Trade Act
are subject to the following provisions:

(a) Motor vehicles and original motor-vehicle equipment which are Canadian articles and which fall in provisions for which the rate of

duty "Free (B)" appears in the "Special" subcolumn may be entered free of duty. As used in this note--

(i)

The term "Canadian article" means an article which originates in Canada, as defined in general note 11.

(ii) The term "original motor-vehicle equipment", as used with reference to a Canadian article (as defined above), means such a
Canadian article which has been obtained from a supplier in Canada under or pursuant to a written order, contract or letter of
intent of a bona fide motor vehicle manufacturer in the United States, and which is a fabricated component originating in
Canada, as defined in general note 11, and intended for use as original equipment in the manufacture in the United States of
a motor vehicle, but the term does not include trailers or articles to be used in their manufacture.

(iii) The term "motor vehicle", as used in this note, means a motor vehicle of a kind described in headings 8702, 8703 and 8704
of chapter 87 (excluding an electric trolley bus and a three-wheeled vehicle) or an automobile truck tractor principally designed
for the transport of persons or goods.

(iv) The term "bona fide motor-vehicle manufacturer" means a person who, upon application to the Secretary of Commerce, is

determined by the Secretary to have produced no fewer than 15 complete motor vehicles in the United States during the
previous 12 months, and to have installed capacity in the United States to produce 10 or more complete motor vehicles per
40-hour week. The Secretary of Commerce shall maintain, and publish from time to time in the Federal Register, a list of the
names and addresses of bona fide motor-vehicle manufacturers.

(b)

If any Canadian article accorded the status of original motor-vehicle equipment is not so used in the manufacture in the United
States of motor vehicles, such Canadian article or its value (to be recovered from the importer or other person who diverted the
article from its intended use as original motor-vehicle equipment) shall be subject to forfeiture, unless at the time of the diversion
of the Canadian article the United States Customs Service is notified in writing, and, pursuant to arrangements made with the
Service--

(i)

the Canadian article is, under customs supervision, destroyed or exported, or

(ii)

duty is paid to the United States Government in an amount equal to the duty which would have been payable at the time of
entry if the Canadian article had not been entered as original motor-vehicle equipment.

6

Articles Eligible for Duty-Free Treatment Pursuant to the Agreement on Trade in Civil Aircraft.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.23

CBERA

(a) Whenever a product is entered under a provision for which the rate of duty "Free (C)" appears in the "Special" subcolumn and a

claim for such rate of duty is made, the importer--

(i)

shall maintain such supporting documentation as the Secretary of the Treasury may require; and

(ii)

shall be deemed to certify that the imported article is a civil aircraft, or has been imported for use in a civil aircraft and will be
so used.

The importer may amend the entry or file a written statement to claim a free rate of duty under this note at any time before the
liquidation of the entry becomes final, except that, notwithstanding section 505(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1505(c)), any
refund resulting from any such claim shall be without interest.

(b)

(i)

For purposes of the tariff schedule, the term "civil aircraft" means any aircraft, aircraft engine, or ground flight simulator (including
parts, components, and subassemblies thereof)--

(A)

that is used as original or replacement equipment in the design, development, testing, evaluation, manufacture, repair,
maintenance, rebuilding, modification, or conversion of aircraft; and

(B)

(1)

that is manufactured or operated pursuant to a certificate issued by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation
Administration (hereafter referred to as the "FAA") under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, or pursuant
to the approval of the airworthiness authority in the country of exportation, if such approval is recognized by the FAA
as an acceptable substitute for such an FAA certificate;

(2)

(3)

for which an application for such certificate has been submitted to, and accepted by, the Administrator of the FAA
by an existing type and production certificate holder pursuant to section 44702 of title 49, United States Code, and
regulations promulgated thereunder; or

for which an application for such approval or certificate will be submitted in the future by an existing type and
production certificate holder, pending the completion of design or other technical requirements stipulated by the
Administrator of the FAA.

(ii) The term "civil aircraft" does not include any aircraft, aircraft engine, or ground flight simulator (or parts, components, and
subassemblies thereof) purchased for use by the Department of Defense or the United States Coast Guard, unless such
aircraft, aircraft engine, or ground flight simulator (or parts, components, and subassemblies thereof) satisfies the requirements
of subdivisions (i)(A) and (i)(B)(1) or (2).

(iii) Subdivision (i)(B)(3) shall apply only to such quantities of the parts, components, and subassemblies as are required to meet
the design and technical requirements stipulated by the Administrator. The Commissioner of Customs may require the importer
to estimate the quantities of parts, components, and subassemblies covered for purposes of such subdivision.

7.

Products of Countries Designated as Beneficiary Countries for Purposes of the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (CBERA).

(a) The following countries and territories or successor political entities are designated beneficiary countries for the purposes of the

CBERA, pursuant to section 212 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2702):

Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Curaçao
Dominica

Grenada
Guyana
Haiti
Jamaica
Montserrat
Netherlands
Antilles 1/

St. Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the

Grenadines

Trinidad and Tobago
Virgin Islands, British

(b)

(i) Unless otherwise excluded from eligibility by the provisions of subdivisions (d) or (e) of this note, any article which is the growth,
product, or manufacture of a beneficiary country shall be eligible for duty-free treatment if that article is provided for in a
subheading for which a rate of duty of "Free" appears in the "Special" subcolumn followed by the symbol "E" or "E*" in
parentheses, and if--

1/ Netherlands Antilles remains listed but, because of legal changes in its status, eligibility for its goods has ended.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.24

CBERA

(A)

that article is imported directly from a beneficiary country into the customs territory of the United States; and

(B)

the sum of (I) the cost or value of the materials produced in a beneficiary country or two or more beneficiary countries,
plus (II) the direct costs of processing operations performed in a beneficiary country or countries is not less than 35 per
centum of the appraised value of such article at the time it is entered. For purposes of determining the percentage referred
to in (II) above, the term "beneficiary country" includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands,
and any former beneficiary country. The term “former beneficiary country” means a country that ceases to be designated
as a beneficiary country under the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act because the country has become a party
to a free trade agreement with the United States. If the cost or value of materials produced in the customs territory of the
United States (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) is included with respect to an article to which this note
applies, an amount not to exceed 15 per centum of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered that is
attributed to such United States cost or value may be applied toward determining the percentage referred to in (II) above.

(C) For the purposes of this note, the former beneficiary countries are as follows:

El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Panama

(ii) Pursuant to subsection 213(a)(2) of the CBERA, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe such regulation as may be
necessary to carry out this note including, but not limited to, regulations providing that, in order to be eligible for duty-free
treatment under CBERA, an article must be wholly the growth, product, or manufacture of a beneficiary country, or must be a
new or different article of commerce which has been grown, produced, or manufactured in the beneficiary country, and must
be stated as such in a declaration by the appropriate party; but no article or material of a beneficiary country shall be eligible
for such treatment by virtue of having merely undergone--

(A) simple combining or packaging operations, or

(B) mere dilution with water or mere dilution with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the

article.

(iii) As used in subdivision (b) of this note, the phrase "direct costs of processing operations" includes, but is not limited to--

(A) all actual labor costs involved in the growth, production, manufacture, or assembly of the specific merchandise, including

fringe benefits, on-the-job training and the cost of engineering, supervisory, quality control, and similar personnel; and

(B) dies, molds, tooling, and depreciation on machinery and equipment which are allocable to the specific merchandise.

Such phrase does not include costs which are not directly attributable to the merchandise concerned or are not costs of
manufacturing the product, such as (I) profit, and (II) general expenses of doing business which are either not allocable to the
specific merchandise or are not related to the growth, production, manufacture, or assembly of the merchandise, such as
administrative salaries, casualty and liability insurance, advertising, and salesmen's salaries, commissions or expenses.

(iv) Notwithstanding section 311 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1311), the products of a beneficiary country which are imported

directly from such country into Puerto Rico may be entered under bond for processing or manufacturing in Puerto Rico. No
duty shall be imposed on the withdrawal from warehouse of the product of such processing or manufacturing if, at the time of
such withdrawal, such product meets the requirements of subdivision (b)(i)(B) above.

(v) Pursuant to subsection 213(a)(5) of the CBERA, duty-free treatment shall be provided under the CBERA to an article (other
than an article enumerated in subsection 213(b) of the CBERA) which is the growth, product, or manufacture of Puerto Rico
if--

(A)

the article is imported directly from the beneficiary country into the customs territory of the United States,

(B)

the article was by any means advanced in value or improved in condition in a beneficiary country, and

(C) any materials are added to the article in a beneficiary country, such materials are a product of a beneficiary country or

the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.25

CBERA

(c) Articles provided for in a provision for which a rate of duty of "Free" appears in the "Special" subcolumn followed by the symbols

"E" or "E*" in parentheses are eligible articles for purposes of the CBERA pursuant to section 213 of that Act. The symbol "E"
indicates that all articles provided for in the designated provision are eligible for preferential treatment except those described in
subdivision (e). The symbol "E*" indicates that some articles provided for in the designated provision are not eligible for preferential
treatment, as further described in subdivision (d) of this note. Whenever an eligible article is imported into the customs territory of
the United States in accordance with the provisions of subdivision (b) of this note from a country or territory listed in subdivision (a)
of this note, it shall be eligible for duty-free treatment as set forth in the "Special" subcolumn, unless excluded from such treatment
by subdivisions (d) or (e) of this note. Whenever a rate of duty other than "Free" appears in the special subcolumn followed by the
symbol "E" in parentheses, articles imported into the customs territory of the United States in accordance with the provisions of
subdivision (b) of this note from a country or territory listed in subdivision (a) of this note shall be eligible for such rate in lieu of the
rate of duty set forth in the "General" subcolumn.

(d) Articles provided for in a provision for which a rate of duty of "Free" appears in the "Special" subcolumn followed by the symbol "E*"

in parentheses shall be eligible for the duty-free treatment provided for in this note, except--

(i)

articles of beef or veal, however provided for in chapter 2 or chapter 16 and heading 2301, and sugars, sirups and molasses,
provided for in heading 1701 and subheadings 1702.90.20 and 2106.90.44, if a product of the following countries, pursuant
to section 213(c) of the CBERA:

Antigua and Barbuda
Montserrat
Netherlands Antilles
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the

Grenadines

(ii)

sugars, sirups and molasses, provided for in heading 1701 and subheadings 1702.90.20 and 2106.90.44, to the extent that
importation and duty-free treatment of such articles are limited by additional U.S. note 4 of chapter 17, pursuant to section
213(d) of the CBERA; or

(iii) except as provided in subdivision (f) of this note, textile and apparel articles--

(A) of cotton, wool or fine animal hair, man-made fibers, or blends thereof in which those fibers, in the aggregate, exceed in

weight each other single component fiber thereof; or

(B)

in which either the cotton content or the man-made fiber content equals or exceeds 50 percent by weight of all component
fibers thereof; or

(C)

in which the wool or fine animal hair content exceeds 17 percent by weight of all component fibers thereof; or

(D) containing blends of cotton, wool or fine animal hair, or man-made fibers, which fibers, in the aggregate, amount to 50

percent or more by weight of all component fibers thereof;

provided, that beneficiary country exports of handloom fabrics of the cottage industry, or handmade cottage industry products
made of such handloom fabrics, or traditional folklore handicraft textile products, if such products are properly certified under
an arrangement established between the United States and such beneficiary country, are eligible for the duty-free treatment
provided for in this note.

(e) The duty-free treatment provided under the CBERA shall not apply to watches and watch parts (including cases, bracelets and
straps), of whatever type including, but not limited to, mechanical, quartz digital or quartz analog, if such watches or watch parts
contain any material which is the product of any country with respect to which column 2 rates of duty apply.

(f) Handbags, luggage, flat goods, work gloves, and leather wearing apparel, the product of any beneficiary country, and not designated
on August 5, 1983, as eligible articles for purposes of the GSP, are dutiable at the rates set forth in the "Special" subcolumn of
column 1 followed by the symbol "E" in parentheses.

(g) The duty-free treatment provided under the CBERA shall not apply to any agricultural product of chapters 2 through 52, inclusive,

that is subject to a tariff-rate quota, if entered in a quantity in excess of the in-quota quantity for such product.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.26

Israel

(h) The duty-free treatment provided under the CBERA shall not apply to any footwear provided for in any of subheadings 6401.10.00,
6401.92.90, 6401.92.90, 6401.99.10, 6401.99.30, 6401.99.60, 6401.99.90, 6402.91.10, 6402.91.20, 6402.91.26, 6402.91.50,
6402.91.80, 6402.91.90, 6402.99.08, 6402.99.16, 6402.99.19, 6402.99.20, 6402.99.33, 6402.99.80, 6402.99.90, 6403.59.60,
6403.91.30, 6403.99.60, 6403.99.90, 6404.11.90 and 6404.19.20 of the tariff schedule that was not designated on December 18,
2004, as eligible articles for purposes of the GSP under general note 4 to the tariff schedule.

8. United States-Israel Free Trade Area Implementation Act of 1985.

(a) The products of Israel described in Annex 1 of the Agreement on the Establishment of a Free Trade Area between the Government
of the United States of America and the Government of Israel, entered into on April 22, 1985, are subject to duty as provided herein.
Products of Israel, as defined in subdivision (b) of this note, imported into the customs territory of the United States and entered
under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the "Special" subcolumn followed by the symbol "IL" in parentheses are eligible
for the tariff treatment set forth in the "Special" subcolumn, in accordance with section 4(a) of the United States-Israel Free Trade
Area Implementation Act of 1985 (99 Stat. 82).

(b) For purposes of this note, goods imported into the customs territory of the United States are eligible for treatment as "products of

Israel" only if--

(i)

(ii)

each article is the growth, product or manufacture of Israel or is a new or different article of commerce that has been grown,
produced or manufactured in Israel;

each article is imported directly from Israel (or directly from the West Bank, the Gaza Strip or a qualifying industrial zone as
defined in general note 3(a)(v)(G) to the tariff schedule) into the customs territory of the United States; and

(iii)

the sum of--

(A)

the cost or value of the materials produced in Israel, and including the cost or value of materials produced in the West
Bank, the Gaza Strip or a qualifying industrial zone pursuant to general note 3(a)(v) to the tariff schedule, plus

(B)

the direct costs of processing operations performed in Israel, and including the direct costs of processing operations
performed in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip or a qualifying industrial zone pursuant to general note 3(a)(v) to the tariff
schedule, is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of each article at the time it is entered.

If the cost or value of materials produced in the customs territory of the United States is included with respect to an article to which
this note applies, an amount not to exceed 15 percent of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered that is attributable
to such United States cost or value may be applied toward determining the percentage referred to in subdivision (b)(iii) of this note.

(c) No goods may be considered to meet the requirements of subdivision (b)(i) of this note by virtue of having merely undergone--

(i)

simple combining or packaging operations; or

(ii) mere dilution with water or mere dilution with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the goods.

(d) As used in this note, the phrase "direct costs of processing operations" includes, but is not limited to--

(i)

all actual labor costs involved in the growth, production, manufacture or assembly of the specific merchandise, including fringe
benefits, on-the-job training and the cost of engineering, supervisory, quality control and similar personnel; and

(ii)

dies, molds, tooling and depreciation on machinery and equipment which are allocable to the specific merchandise.

Such phrase does not include costs which are not directly attributable to the merchandise concerned, or are not costs of manufacturing
the product, such as (A) profit, and (B) general expenses of doing business which are either not allocable to the specific merchandise
or are not related to the growth, production, manufacture or assembly of the merchandise, such as administrative salaries, casualty
and liability insurance, advertising and salesmen's salaries, commissions or expenses.

(e) The Secretary of the Treasury, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, shall prescribe such regulations as

may be necessary to carry out this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.27

FAS

9. United States-Canada Free-Trade Agreement. (Suspended; see general note 11.)

10. Products of the Freely Associated States.

(a) Pursuant to sections 101 and 401 of the Compact of Free Association Act of 1985 (99 Stat. 1773 and 1838), the following countries

shall be eligible for treatment as freely associated states:

Marshall Islands
Micronesia, Federated States of
Republic of Palau

(b) Except as provided in subdivisions (d) and (e) of this note, any article the growth, product or manufacture of a freely associated

state shall enter the customs territory of the United States free of duty if--

(i)

such article is imported directly from the freely associated state, and

(ii)

the sum of (A) the cost or value of the materials produced in the freely associated state, plus (B) the direct costs of processing
operations performed in the freely associated state is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of such article at the
time of its entry into the customs territory of the United States.

If the cost or value of materials produced in the customs territory of the United States is included with respect to an article the
product of a freely associated state and not described in subdivision (d) of this note, an amount not to exceed 15 percent of the
appraised value of such article at the time it is entered that is attributed to such United States cost or value may be applied toward
determining the percentage referred to in subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note.

(c) Tunas and skipjack, prepared or preserved, not in oil, in airtight containers weighing with their contents not over 7 kilograms each,
in an aggregate quantity entered in any calendar year from the freely associated states not to exceed 10 percent of United States
consumption of canned tuna during the immediately preceding calendar year, as reported by the National Marine Fisheries Service,
may enter the customs territory free of duty; such imports shall be counted against, but not be limited by, the aggregate quantity of
tuna, if any, that is dutiable under subheading 1604.14.22 for that calendar year.

(d) The duty-free treatment provided under subdivision (b) of this note shall not apply to--

(i)

tunas and skipjack, prepared or preserved, not in oil, in airtight containers weighing with their contents not over 7 kilograms
each, in excess of the quantity afforded duty-free entry under subdivision (c) of this note;

(ii)

textile and apparel articles which were not eligible articles for purposes of this note on January 1, 1994;

(iii)

footwear, handbags, luggage, flat goods, work gloves and leather wearing apparel, the foregoing which were not eligible articles
for purposes of the Generalized System of Preferences on April 1, 1984;

(iv) watches, clocks and timing apparatus of chapter 91 (except such articles incorporating an optoelectronic display and no other

type of display);

(v) buttons of subheading 9606.21.40 or 9606.29.20; and

(vi) any agricultural product of chapters 2 through 52, inclusive, that is subject to a tariff-rate quota, if entered in a quantity in excess

of the in-quota quantity for such product.

(e)

(i) Whenever a freely associated state--

(A) has exported (directly or indirectly) to the United States during a calendar year a quantity of such article having an

appraised value in excess of an amount which bears the same ratio to $25,000,000 as the gross national product of the
United States for the preceding calendar year (as determined by the Department of Commerce) bears to the gross national
product of the United States for calendar year 1974 (as determined for purposes of sections 503(c)(2)(A)(i)(I) and
503(c)(2)(A)(ii) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2463(c)(2)(A)(i)(I) and 2463(c)(2)(A)(ii)); or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.28

USMCA

(B) has exported (either directly or indirectly) to the United States during a calendar year a quantity of such article equal to
or exceeding 50 percent of the appraised value of the total imports of such article into the United States during that
calendar year;

then on or after July 1 of the next calendar year the duty-free treatment provided under subdivision (b) of this note shall not
apply to such article imported from such freely associated state.

(ii) Whenever during a subsequent calendar year imports of such article from such freely associated state no longer exceed the

limits specified in this subdivision, then on and after July 1 of the next calendar year such article imported from such freely
associated state shall again enter the customs territory of the United States free of duty under subdivision (b) of this note.

(f)

The provisions of subdivision (e) of this note shall not apply with respect to an article--

(i)

imported from a freely associated state, and

(ii)

not excluded from duty-free treatment under subdivision (d) of this note,

if such freely associated state has entered a quantity of such article during the preceding calendar year with an aggregate value
that does not exceed the limitation on de minimis waivers applicable under section 503(c)(2)(F) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C.
2463(c)(2)(F)) to such preceding calendar year.

(g) Any article the growth, product or manufacture of a freely associated state and excluded from duty-free treatment pursuant to

subdivisions (d) or (e) of this note shall be dutiable at the rate provided in the general subcolumn of rate of duty column 1 for the
appropriate heading or subheading.

11. United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement.

(a) Goods originating in the territory of a country named herein, pursuant to the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA),
are subject to duty as provided herein, including any treatment set forth in subchapter XXIII of chapter 98 and subchapter XXII of
chapter 99 of the tariff schedule. For the purposes of this note, as provided in the tariff schedule--

(i) Goods that originate in the territory of Mexico, Canada or the United States (hereinafter referred to as “USMCA country” or
“USMCA countries” as further defined in subdivision (l)(xxiv) of this note) under the terms of subdivision (b) of this note and
regulations issued by the Secretary of the Treasury (including Uniform Regulations provided for in the USMCA), and goods
enumerated in subdivision (p) of this note, when such goods are imported into the customs territoryof the United States and
are entered under a subheading for which a rate of duty appears in the "Special" subcolumn, followed by the symbol “S” in
parentheses, are eligible for such duty rate, in accordance with section 202 of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement
Implementation Act; and

(ii) Goods that originate in the territory of a USMCA country under the terms of subdivision (b) of this note and regulations issued
by the Secretary of the Treasury, when such goods are imported into the customs territory of the United States and are entered
under a subheading for which a rate of duty appears in the "Special" subcolumn, followed by the symbol “S+” in parentheses,
or under a subheading whose article description provides for originating goods of one or more USMCA countries, as the case
may be, are eligible for such duty rate, in accordance with section 202 of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement
Implementation Act.

(b) For the purposes of this note, a good imported into the customs territory of the United States from the territory of a USMCA country,
as defined in subdivision (l) of this note, is eligible for the preferential tariff treatment provided for in the applicable subheading and
quantitative limitations set forth in the tariff schedule as a "good originating in the territory of a USMCA country" only if--

(i)

the good is a good wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more USMCA countries;

(ii)

the good is a good produced entirely in the territory of one or more USMCA countries, exclusively from originating materials;

(iii)

the good is a good produced entirely in the territory of one or more USMCA countries using nonoriginating materials, if the
good satisfies all applicable requirements set forth in this note (including the provisions of subdivision (o)); or

(iv) except for a good provided for in any of chapters 61 through 63—

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.29

USMCA

(A)

the good is produced entirely in the territory of one or more USMCA countries;

(B) one or more of the nonoriginating materials provided for as parts under the tariff schedule and used in the production of

the good do not satisfy the requirements set forth in this note because—

(1) both the good and its materials are classified under the same subheading or under the same heading that is not

further subdivided into subheadings; or

(2)

the good was imported into the territory of a USMCA country in unassembled form or disassembled form but was
classified as an assembled good pursuant to general rule of interpretation 2(a) of the tariff schedule, and

(C)

the regional value content of the good, determined in accordance with subdivision (c) of this note, is not less than 60
percent if the transaction value method is used, or not less than 50 percent if the net cost method is used,

and such good satisfies all other applicable provisions of this note.

For purposes of determining whether a remanufactured good is an originating good, a recovered material derived in the territory
of one or more USMCA countries shall be treated as originating if the recovered material is used or consumed in the production
of, and incorporated in, the remanufactured good.

(c)

[Format adjusted for alignment.]

(i) Regional value content.-- Except as provided in subdivision (c)(v) of this note, the regional value content of a good shall be

calculated, at the choice of the importer, exporter or producer of such good, on the basis of—

(A)

the transaction value method set out in subdivision (c)(ii) or

(B)

the net cost method set out in subdivision (c)(iii).

(ii) Transaction value method.--- An importer, exporter or producer of a good may calculate the regional value content of the good

on the basis of the following transaction value method:

RVC = ((TV-VNM)/TV) X 100

where RVC means the regional value content of the good, expressed as a percentage; TV means the transaction value of the
good adjusted to exclude any costs incurred in the international shipment of the good; and VNM means the value of nonoriginating
materials, including materials of undetermined origin, used by the producer in the production of the good.

(iii) Net cost method.-- An importer, exporter or producer of a good may calculate the regional value content of a good on the basis

of the following net cost method:

RVC = ((NC - VNM)/NC) x 100

where NC means the net cost of the good; RVC means the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; and VNM is
the value of nonoriginating materials, including materials of undetermined origin, used by the producer in the production of the
good.

(iv) Value of nonoriginating materials.

(A)

In general.--The value of non-originating materials used by the producer in the production of a good shall not, for purposes
of calculating the regional value content of the good under subdivision (c)(ii) or (c)(iii) of this note, include the value of
nonoriginating materials used or consumed to produce originating materials that are subsequently used in the production
of the good.

(B) Special rule for certain components.—The following components of the value of nonoriginating materials used by the

producer in the production of a good may be counted as originating content for purposes of determining whether the good
meets the regional value content requirement set forth in subdivision (c)(ii) or (c)(iii) of this note:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.30

USMCA

(1) The value of processing the nonoriginating materials undertaken in the territory of one or more USMCA countries;

and

(2) The value of any originating materials used or consumed in the production of the nonoriginating materials undertaken

in the territory of one or more USMCA countries.

(v) Net cost method required in certain cases.—An importer, exporter or producer of a good shall calculate the regional value

content of a good solely on the basis of the net cost method set out in subdivision (c)(iii) of this note if the rule for the good set
forth in subdivision (o) of this note includes a regional value content requirement not based on the transaction value method
described in subdivision (c)(ii) above.

(vi) Net cost method allowed for adjustments.

(A)

In general.---If an importer, exporter, or producer of a good calculates the regional value content of the good on the basis
of the transaction value method described in subdivision (c)(ii) above and a USMCA country subsequently notifies the
importer, exporter, or producer, during the course of a verification conducted in accordance with chapter 5 or 6 of the
USMCA, that the transaction value of the good or the value of any material used in the production of the good must be
adjusted or is unacceptable under article 1 of the Customs Valuation Agreement, the importer, exporter or producer may
calculate the regional value content of the good on the basis of the net cost method described in subdivision (c)(iii).

(B) Review of adjustment.—Nothing in paragraph (vi)(A) above shall be construed to prevent any review or appeal available

in accordance with article 5.15 of the USMCA with respect to an adjustment to or a rejection of—

(1)

the transaction value of a good; or

(2)

the value of any material used in the production of a good.

(vii) Calculating net cost.—The producer of a good may, consistent with regulations implementing this note, calculate the net cost

of the good under subdivision (c)(iii) of this note by—

(A) Calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by that producer, subtracting any sales promotion,
marketing, and after-sales services costs, royalties, shipping and packing costs, and nonallowable interest costs that are
included in the total cost of those goods, and then reasonably allocating the resulting net cost of those goods to the good;

(B) Calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by that producer, reasonably allocating the total

cost to the good, and subtracting any sales promotion, marketing and after sales service costs, royalties, shipping and
packing costs, and nonallowable interest costs, that are included in the portion of the total cost allocated to the good, or

(C) Reasonably allocating each cost that is part of the total cost incurred with respect to the good so that the aggregate of

those costs does not include any sales promotion, marketing, and after-sales services costs, royalties, shipping and
packing costs, and nonallowable interest costs.

(viii) Value of materials used in production.—For purposes of calculating the regional value content of a good under this note,

applying the de minimis rules under subdivision (e) of this note, and calculating the value of nonoriginating components in a
set under subdivision (i) of this note the value of a material used in the production of a good is—

(A)

In the case of a material that is imported by the producer of the good—

(1)

(2)

the transaction value of the material at the time of importation, including the costs incurred in the international
shipment of the material; or

if the transaction value of the material at the time of importation is not acceptable or if there is no transaction value
in accordance with 19 U.S.C. 1401a, the value of the material must be determined in accordance with the Uniform
Regulations with respect to the importation of that material and, if the costs referred to in subsection (x) are included
in that value, those costs may be deducted from that value.

(B)

In the case of a material acquired in the territory in which the good is produced—

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.31

USMCA

(1) The price paid or payable by the producer in the USMCA country where the producer is located;

(2) The value as determined under subparagraph (A), as set forth in regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the

Treasury providing for the application of transaction value in the absence of an importation by the producer; or

(3) The earliest ascertainable price paid or payable in the territory of the country; or

(C)

In the case of a self-produced material, the sum of—

(1) All expenses incurred in the production of the material, including general expenses; and

(2) An amount for profit equivalent to the profit added in the normal course of trade or equal to the profit that is usually

reflected in the sale of goods of the same class or kind as the material.

(ix)

Intermediate materials.

(A)

In general.—Any self-produced material that is used in the production of a good may be designated by the producer of
the good as an intermediate material for purposes of calculating the regional value content of the good under subdivision
(c)(ii) or (c)(iii) above.

(B) Materials used in production of intermediate materials.—Subject to the regulations implementing this note, if a self-produced
material is designated as an intermediate material under subparagraph (A) for purposes of calculating a regional value
content requirement, no other self-produced material subject to a regional value content requirement used or consumed
in the production of that intermediate material may be designated by the producer as an intermediate material.

(x) Further adjustments to the value of materials.—The following expenses, if included in the value of a nonoriginating material
or material of undetermined origin calculated under subdivision (c)(viii) of this note, may be deducted from the value of the
nonoriginating material:

(A) The costs of freight, insurance, packing, and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the location of the

producer.

(B) Duties, taxes, and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of one or more USMCA countries, other
than duties or taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable, or otherwise recoverable, including credit against duty or tax
paid or payable.

(C) The cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the value of

renewable scrap or byproducts.

(d) Accumulation.

(i)

Producers.—A good that is produced in the territory of one or more USMCA countries, by one or more producers, is an
originating good if the good satisfies the requirements of subdivision (b) of this note and all other applicable requirements.

(ii) Originating materials used in production of goods of a USMCA country.—Originating materials from the territory of one or more
USMCA countries that are used in the production of a good in the territory of another USMCA country shall be considered to
originate in the territory of such other USMCA country.

(iii) Production undertaken on nonoriginating materials used in the production of goods.—In determining whether a good is an
originating good under this note, production undertaken on nonoriginating material in the territory of one or more USMCA
countries by one or more producers may contribute to the originating status of the good, regardless of whether that production
is sufficient to confer originating status to the nonoriginating material.

(e) De minimis amounts of nonoriginating materials.

(i)

In general.—Except as provided in subparagraphs (e)(ii) through (iv) below, a good that does not undergo a change in tariff
classification or satisfy a regional value content requirement set forth in subdivision (o) of this note is an originating good if—

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.32

USMCA

(A)

the value of all nonoriginating materials that are used in the production of the good, and do not undergo the applicable
change in tariff classification set forth in subdivision (o) of this note—

(1) does not exceed 10 percent of the transaction value of the good, adjusted to exclude any costs incurred in the

international shipment of the good; or

(2) does not exceed 10 percent of the total cost of the good;

(B)

the good meets all other applicable requirements of this note; and

(C)

the value of such nonoriginating materials is included in the value of nonoriginating materials for any applicable regional
value content requirement for the good.

(ii) Exceptions for dairy and other products.—Subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to the following:

(A) a nonoriginating material of headings 0401 through 0406, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent
by dry weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90, used or consumed in the production of a good of headings
0401 through 0406;

(B) a nonoriginating material of headings 0401 through 0406, or nonoriginating dairy preparations containing over 10 percent
by dry weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90, used or consumed in the production of any of the following
goods:

(1)

infant preparations containing over 10 percent by dry weight of milk solids, of subheading 1901.10;

(2) mixes and doughs containing over 25 percent by dry weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, ofsubheading

1901.20;

(3) a dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by dry weight of milk solids, of subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90;

(4) a good of heading 2105;

(5) beverages containing milk of subheading 2202.90;

(6) animal feeds containing over 10 percent by dry weight of milk solids of subheading 2309.90.

(C) A nonoriginating material or heading 0805, or any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, used or consumed in the

production of a good of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, or a fruit or vegetable juice of any single fruit or vegetable,
fortified with minerals or vitamins, concentrated or unconcentrated, of subheading 2106.90 or 2202.90.

(D) A nonoriginating material of chapter 9 used or consumed in the production of instant coffee, not flavored, of subheading

2101.11.

(E) A nonoriginating material of chapter 15 used or consumed in the production of a good of heading 1501 through 1508,

1512, 1514 or 1515.

(F) A nonoriginating material of heading 1701 used or consumed in the production of a good of any of headings 1701 through

1703.

(G) A nonoriginating good of chapter 17 or heading 1805 used in the production of a good of subheading 1806.10.

(H) Nonoriginating peaches, pears, or apricots of chapter 8 or 20, used in the production of a good of heading 2008.

(I) A nonoriginating single juice ingredient of heading 2009 used or consumed in the production of a good of—

(1)

subheading 2009.90, or tariff item 2106.90.54 (concentrated mixtures of fruit or vegetable juice, fortified with minerals
or vitamins); or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.33

USMCA

(2)

tariff items 2202.99.37 (mixtures of fruit or vegetable juices, fortified with minerals or vitamins).

(J) A nonoriginating material of any of headings 2203 through 2208 used or consumed in the production of a good provided

for under heading 2207 or 2208.

(iii) Goods provided for under chapters 1 through 27.—Subparagraph (i) of this subdivision does not apply to a nonoriginating

material used or consumed in the production of a good provided for in chapters 1 through 27 unless the nonoriginating material
is provided for in a different subheading than the subheading of the good for which origin is being determined.

(iv) Textile or apparel goods.

(A) Goods classified under chapters 50 through 60.—Except as provided in subparagraph (C) below, a textile or apparel

good provided for in any of chapters 50 through 60 or heading 9619 that is not an originating good because certain
nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification
set forth in subdivision (o) of this note, shall be considered to be an originating good if the total weight of all such materials,
including elastomeric yarns, is not more than 10 percent of the total weight of the good and the good meets all other
applicable requirements of this note.

(B) Goods classified under chapters 61 through 63.—Except as provided in subparagraph (C) below, a textile or apparel

good provided for in chapter 61, 62 or 63 that is not an originating good because certain fibers or yarns used in the
production of the component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good do not undergo an applicable
change in tariff classification set forth in subdivision (o) of this note shall be considered to be an originating good if the
total weight of all such fibers or yarns in the component, including elastomeric yarns, is not more than 10 percent of the
total weight of the component and the good meets all other applicable requirements of this note.

(C) Goods containing nonoriginating elastomeric yarns.

(1) Goods classified under chapters 50 through 60 or heading 9619.—A textile or apparel good described in subparagraph
(A) above and containing nonoriginating elastomeric yarns shall be considered to be an originating good only if the
nonoriginating elastomeric yarns contained in the good do not exceed 7 percent of the total weight of the good.

(2) Goods classified under chapters 61 through 63.—A textile or apparel good described in subparagraph (B) shall be
considered to be an originating good only if the nonoriginating elastomeric yarns contained in the component of the
good that determines the tariff classification of the good do not exceed 7 percent of the total weight of the component.

(f)

Fungible goods and materials.

(i)

Fungible materials used in production.—Subject to subparagraph (f)(iii) below, if originating and nonoriginating fungible materials
are used or consumed in the production of a good, the determination of whether the materials are originating may be made
on the basis of any of the inventory management methods set forth in regulations implementing this note.

(ii) Fungible goods commingled and exported.—Subject to subparagraph (f)(iii) below, if originating and nonoriginating fungible
goods are commingled and exported in the same form, the determination of whether the goods are originating may be made
on the basis of any of the inventory management methods set forth in regulations implementing this note. An importer may
claim that a fungible material or good is originating if the importer, producer, or exporter has physically segregated each fungible
material or good as to allow their specific identification.

(iii) Use of inventory management method.—A person that selects an inventory management method for purposes of paragraph
(f)(i) or (f)(ii) of this subdivision shall use that inventory management method throughout the fiscal year of the person.

(g) Accessories, spare parts, tools and instructional or other information materials.

(i)

In general.—Subject to paragraph (g)(ii) below, accessories, spare parts, tools or instructional or other information materials
delivered with a good shall—

(A) be treated as originating if the good is an originating good;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.34

USMCA

(B) be disregarded in determining whether a good is a good wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or

more USMCA countries or satisfies a process or change in tariff classification set forth in subdivision (o) of this note; and

(C) be taken into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating any applicable regional

value content of the good set forth in subdivision (o) of this note.

(ii) Conditions.—Paragraph (g)(i) of this subdivision shall apply only if—

(A)

the accessories, spare parts, tools or instructional or other information materials are classified with and delivered with,
but not invoiced separately from, the good; and

(B)

the types, quantities and value of the accessories, spare parts, tools or instructional or other information materials are
customary for the good.

(h)

[Format adjusted for alignment.]

(i)

Packing materials and containers for shipment.—Packing materials and containers for shipment shall be disregarded in
determining whether a good is an originating good.

(ii) Packaging materials and containers for retail sale.-- Packaging materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail
sale, if classified with the good, shall be disregarded in determining whether all of the nonoriginating materials used in the
production of the good undergo the applicable process or change in tariff classification requirement set forth in subdivision (o)
of this note, or whether the good is a good wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more USMCA countries.
If the good is subject to a regional value content requirement set forth in that Annex, the value of such packaging materials
and containers shall be taken into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the
regional value content of the good.

(iii)

Indirect materials.—An indirect material shall be treated as an originating material without regard to where it is produced.

(iv) Transit and transshipment.—A good that has undergone production necessary to qualify as an originating good under subdivision

(b) of this note shall not be considered to be an originating good if, subsequent to that production, the good--

(A) undergoes further production or any other operation outside the territory of a USMCA country, other than—

(1) unloading, reloading, separation from a bulk shipment, storing, labeling or marking, as required by a USMCA country,

or

(2) any other operation necessary to preserve the good in good condition or to transport the good to the territory of the

importing USMCA country; or

(B) does not remain under the control of customs authorities in a country other than a USMCA country.

(i) Goods classifiable as goods put up in sets.-- Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (o) of this note, goods classifiable
as goods put up in sets for retail sale as provided for in rule 3 of the general rules of interpretation of the tariff schedule shall not
be considered to be originating goods unless—

(A) each of the goods in the set is an originating good; or

(B)

the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does not exceed 10 percent of the value of the set. [Compiler's note:
numbering of subdivisions as set forth in proclaimed text.]

(j) Nonqualifying operations.—A good shall not be considered to be an originating good merely by reason of—

(i) mere dilution with water or another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the good; or

(ii)

any production or pricing practice with respect to which it may be demonstrated, by a preponderance of the evidence, that the
object of the practice was to circumvent the requirements of this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.35

USMCA

(k) Special rules for automotive goods.

(i)

An automotive good and other motor vehicles and parts described herein shall be subject to applicable requirements set forth
in this paragraph, including, with respect to a passenger vehicle or light truck that has been authorized to use the alternative
staging regime described under subparagraph (viii), applicable requirements for the duration of the alternative staging period
specified in the approval.

(ii) Definitions.—In this subdivision:

(A) Advanced technology vehicle.—The term “advanced technology vehicle” means:

(1) an electric vehicle, including a hybrid electric vehicle, a fuel cell vehicle or other type of advanced propulsion vehicle

(e.g., zero emission vehicle); or

(2) an autonomous vehicle of headings 8703 or 8704 classified as a Level 4 or Level 5 automated vehicle in accordance
with SAE International SAEJ3016-2016 (Taxonomy and Definitions for Terms Related to Driving Automation Systems
for On-Road Motor Vehicles), as amended;

(B) Alternative staging regime.—The term “alternative staging regime” means the application, pursuant to subdivision (k)(viii)
of this note, of the requirements of article 8 of the automotive appendix to the production of covered vehicles to allow
producers of such vehicles to bring such production into compliance with the requirements of Article 2 through 7, inclusive,
of that appendix, under the terms provided in applicable regulations.

(C) Alternative staging regime period.—The term “alternative staging regime period” means the period during which the

alternative staging regime is in effect.

(D) Automotive appendix.—The term “automotive appendix” means the Appendix to Annex 4-B of the USMCA (relating to

the product-specific rules of origin for automotive goods, as reflected in subdivision (o) of this note).

(E) Automotive good.—The term “automotive good” means—

(1) a covered vehicle; or

(2) a part, component or material listed in table A.1, A.2, B, C, D or E of the automotive appendix, subject to any

provisions that may be included in regulations issued by the Secretary of the Treasury.

(F) Automotive rules of origin.—The term “automotive rules of origin” means the rules of origin for automotive goods set forth

in the automotive appendix.

(G) Class of motor vehicles.—The term “class of motor vehicles” means one of the following categories of motor vehicles:

(1) motor vehicles of subheading 8701.20, motor vehicles for the transport of 16 or more persons of subheadings

8702.10 or 8702.90, or motor vehicles of subheadings 8704.10, 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32 or 8704.90, or headings
8705 or 8706;

(2) motor vehicles of subheadings 8701.10 or 8701.30 through 8701.90;

(3) motor vehicles for the transport of 15 or fewer persons of subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90, or motor vehicles of

subheadings 8704.21 or 8704.31; or

(4) motor vehicles of subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90.

(H) Commissioner.—The term “Commissioner” means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection.

(I) Covered vehicle.—The term “covered vehicle” means a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck.

(J)

Interagency committee.—The term “interagency committee” means the interagency committee established under section
202A(b)(1) of the USMCA Implementation Act.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.36

USMCA

(K) Model line.—The term “model line” means a group of motor vehicles having the same platform or model name.

(L) Motor vehicle assembler.—The term “motor vehicle assembler” means a producer of motor vehicles and any related

persons or joint ventures in which the producer participates.

(M) New building.—The term “new building” means a new construction, including at least the pouring or construction of new
foundation and floor, the erection of a new structure and roof, and installation of new plumbing, electrical and other utilities
to house a complete vehicle assembly process.

(N) Passenger vehicle; light truck; heavy truck.—For purposes of this note, the term “passenger vehicle”, “light truck” and
“heavy truck” have the meanings given those terms herein. For purposes of this note, the term “off-road use”refers to
vehicle that does not meet U.S. federal safety and emissions standards permitting unrestricted on-road use, or the
equivalent Mexican and Canadian on-road standards.

(1) Passenger vehicle.—The term “passenger vehicle” means a vehicle of subheading 8703.21 through 8703.90,except

for:

(I)

a vehicle with a compression-ignition engine classified in subheadings 8703.31 through 8703.33 or a vehicle
of subheading 8703.90 with both a compression-ignition engine and an electric motor for propulsion;

(II) a three or four-wheeled motorcycle;

(III) an all-terrain vehicle, meaning a vehicle that does not meet U.S. federal safety and emissions standards
permitting unrestricted on-road use or the equivalent Mexican and Canadian on-road standards; or

(IV) a motorhome or entertainer coach, meaning a vehicle built on a self-propelled motor vehicle chassis that is

solely or principally designed as temporary living quarters for recreational, camping, entertainment, corporate
or seasonal use.

(2) Light truck.—The term “light truck” means a vehicle of subheading 8704.21 or 8704.31, except for a vehicle that is

solely or principally for off-road use.

(3) Heavy truck.—The term “heavy truck” means a vehicle of subheading 8701.20, 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32, 8704.90
or 8706, except for a vehicle that is solely or principally for off-road use. For purposes of this note, a “good of heading
8706” means a chassis fitted with engines for a vehicle under subheading 8701.20, 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32 or
8704.90, except for a vehicle that is solely or principally designed for off-road use.

(O) Refit.—The term “refit” means a plant closure, for purposes of plant conversion or retooling, that lasts at least three

months.

(P) Super-core.—The term “super-core” means the parts listed in the left column of Table A.2 of the automotive appendix,

which are considered as a single part for the purposes of performing a regional value content calculation in accordance
with the provisions of this note and of article 5.2 of the USMCA automotive appendix concerning averaging.

(iii) Staging of regional value content requirements.---

(A) Notwithstanding subdivision (o) of this note, the regional value content requirement for a passenger vehicle or a light

truck is:

(1) 66 percent under the net cost method, beginning on July 1, 2020;

(2) 69 percent under the net cost method, beginning on July 1, 2021;

(3) 72 percent under the net cost method, beginning on July 1, 2022; and

(4) 75 percent under the net cost method, beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.37

USMCA

(B) Notwithstanding subdivision (o) of this note, the regional value content requirement for a part listed in Table A.1 of the

automotive appendix that is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck is:

(1) 66 percent under the net cost method or 76 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2020;

(2) 69 percent under the net cost method or 79 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2021;

(3) 72 percent under the net cost method or 82 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2022; or

(4) 75 percent under the net cost method or 85 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter.

(C) Notwithstanding subdivision (o) of this note, a part listed in Table A.1 of the automotive appendix that is for use in a
passenger vehicle or light truck is originating only if it satisfies the regional value content requirement insubdivision
(k)(iii)(B), except for batteries of subheading 8507.60 that are used as the primary source of electrical power for the
propulsion of an electric passenger vehicle or light truck.

(D) Notwithstanding subdivision (o) of this note, the regional value content requirement for a part listed in Table B of the

automotive appendix that is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck is:

(1) 62.5 percent under the net cost method or 72.5 percent under the transaction value method, if thecorresponding

rule in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2020;

(2) 65 percent under the net cost method or 75 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2021;

(3) 67.5 percent under the net cost method or 77.5 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding

rule in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on January 1, 2022; or

(4) 70 percent under the net cost method or 80 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on January 1, 2023, and thereafter.

Notwithstanding any regional value content requirement in this subparagraph, a part listed in Table B of the automotive
appendix is originating if it meets the applicable change in tariff classification requirement provided in subdivision (o) of
this note.

(E) Notwithstanding subdivision (o) of this note, the regional value content requirement for a part listed in Table C of the

automotive appendix that is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck is:

(1) 62 percent under the net cost method or 72 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2020;

(2) 63 percent under the net cost method or 73 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2021;

(3) 64 percent under the net cost method or 74 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2022; or

(4) 65 percent under the net cost method or 75 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter.

Notwithstanding any regional value content requirement in this subparagraph, a part listed in Table C of the automotive
appendix is originating if it meets the applicable change in tariff classification requirement provided in subdivision (o) of
this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.38

USMCA

(F) For the purposes of calculating the regional value content under paragraphs (A) through (E) of this subdivision, the
provisions of subdivision (c)(i) (regional value content), (c)(viii) (value of materials used in production), (c)(x)(further
adjustments to the value of materials) and (c)(ix) (intermediate materials) and subdivision (N) on averaging apply.

(G) For the purposes of this note, a passenger vehicle or light truck is originating only if the parts listed in column 1 of Table
A.2 of the automotive appendix, as may be further described in applicable regulations, including provisions of the Uniform
Regulations, used in the production of a passenger vehicle or light truck are originating. Such a part is originating only if
it satisfies the regional value content requirement in subdivision (B), except for an advanced battery.

(H) For the purposes of calculating the regional value content under subdivision (c)(i) of this note, for a part under column 1
of Table A.2 of the automotive appendix, the value of nonoriginating materials (VNM) is, at the vehicle producer’s option:

(1)

the value of all non-originating materials used in the production of the part; or

(2)

the value of any non-originating components used in the production of the part that are listed under Column 2 of
Table A.2 of such appendix.

(I)

Further to subparagraph (H) above, the regional value content may also be calculated, at the producer’s option, for all
parts under column 1 of Table A.2 of the automotive appendix as a single part, using the sum of the net cost of each part
listed under Column 1 of Table A.2 of such appendix, and when calculating the VNM, at the producer’s option:

(1)

the sum of the value of all non-originating materials used in the production of the parts listed under Column 1; or

(2)

the sum of the value of only those non-originating components under Column 2 of Table A.2 of the automotive
appendix, used in the production of the parts listed under Column 1 of such table.

If this regional value content meets the required threshold under subparagraph (I)(2), all parts under Table A.2 of such
appendix are originating and the passenger vehicle or light truck will be considered to have met the requirement under
subparagraph (H), above.

(J) Notwithstanding any other provision of this note, the regional value content requirement for a heavy truck is:

(1) 60 percent under the net cost method, beginning on July 1, 2020;

(2) 64 percent under the net cost method, beginning on July 1, 2024; or

(3) 70 percent under the net cost method, beginning on July 1, 2027, and thereafter.

(K) Notwithstanding any other provision of this note, the regional value content requirement for a part listed in Table D of the

automotive appendix that is for use in a heavy truck is:

(1) 60 percent under the net cost method or 70 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) of this note includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2020;

(2) 64 percent under the net cost method or 74 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) of this note includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2024; and

(3) 70 percent under the net cost method or 80 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule
in subdivision (o) of this note includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2027, andthereafter.

(L) Notwithstanding subdivision (o) of this note, the regional value content requirement for a part listed in Table E of the

automotive appendix that is for use in a heavy truck is:

(1) 50 percent under the net cost method or 60 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2020;

(2) 54 percent under the net cost method or 64 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method beginning on July 1, 2024; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.39

USMCA

(3) 60 percent under the net cost method or 70 percent under the transaction value method, if the corresponding rule

in subdivision (o) includes a transaction value method, beginning on July 1, 2027, and thereafter.

(M) Notwithstanding any other provision of this note, a part of heading 8407 or 8408 or subheading 8708.40, or a chassis

classified in subheading 8708.99, that is for use in a heavy truck, is originating only if it satisfies the applicable regional
value content requirement in subdivision (B) above.

(iv) Averaging.—

(A) For the purposes of calculating the regional value content of a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck, the calculation
may be averaged over the producer’s fiscal year, using any one of the following categories, on the basis of either all motor
vehicles in the category or only those motor vehicles in the category that are exported to the territory of one or more of
the other USMCA countries:

(1)

the same model line of motor vehicles in the same class of vehicles produced in the same plant in the territory of a
USMCA country;

(2)

the same class of motor vehicles produced in the same plant in the territory of a USMCA country;

(3)

the same model line or same class of motor vehicles produced in the territory of a USMCA country; or

(4) any other category as the USMCA countries may decide and provide for in the Uniform Regulations or other

appropriate instrument.

(B) For the purposes of calculating the regional value content for an automotive good listed in Tables A.1, B, C, D or E of the
automotive appendix, produced in the same plant, or a super-core for a passenger vehicle or light truck, the calculation
may be averaged:

(1) over the fiscal year of the motor vehicle producer to whom the good is sold;

(2) over any quarter or month;

(3) over the fiscal year of the producer of the automotive material; or

(4) over any of the categories in subdivision (A)(1) through (A)(4) above,

provided that the good was produced during the fiscal year, quarter, or month forming the basis for the calculation, in
which:

(I)

(II)

the average in subparagraph (A) is calculated separately for those goods sold to one or more motor vehicle
producers, or

the average in subparagraph (A) or (B) is calculated separately for those goods that are exported to the territory
of another USMCA country.

(v) Steel and aluminum rules.

(A)

In addition to the provisions of subdivisions (c) and (o) of this note and other requirements in the automotive appendix,
a passenger vehicle, light truck, or heavy truck is originating only if, during a time period provided for in subdivision (v)(B)
below, at least 70 percent of:

(1)

the vehicle producer’s purchases of steel by value in the territories of the USMCA countries; and

(2)

the vehicle producer’s purchases of aluminum by value in the territories of the USMCA countries,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.40

USMCA

are of originating goods.

The requirement in this paragraph applies to a vehicle producer’s corporate purchases throughout the territories of the
USMCA countries, including if the producer has more than one location in a USMCA country where steel and aluminum
is purchased. Such purchases of steel and aluminum include direct purchases, purchases through a services center, and
purchases contracted through a supplier. Notwithstanding any other provision of this note, beginning on July 1, 2027, for
steel to be considered as originating under this note, all steel manufacturing processes must occur in one or more of the
USMCA countries, except for metallurgical processes involving the refinement of steel additives. Such processes include
the initial melting and mixing and continues through the coating stage. This requirement does not apply to raw materials
used in the steel manufacturing process, including steel scrap; iron ore; pig iron; reduced, processed or pelletized iron
ore; or raw alloys.

(B) For the purposes of determining the vehicle producer’s purchases of steel or aluminum in paragraph (v)(A) above, the

producer may calculate the purchases:

(1) over the previous fiscal year of the producer;

(2) over the previous calendar year;

(3) over the quarter or month to date in which the vehicle is exported;

(4) over the producer’s fiscal year to date in which the vehicle is exported; or

(5) over the calendar year to date in which the vehicle is exported.

(C) A steel or aluminum calculation based on the producer’s previous fiscal year is valid for the duration of the producer’s

current fiscal year.

A steel or aluminum calculation based on the previous calendar year is valid for the duration of the current calendar year.

(D) Regulations, including provisions of the Uniform Regulations, may provide additional descriptions for steel and aluminum
subject to paragraph (v)(A) above, such as by tariff provisions or product descriptions, to facilitate implementation of this
requirement.

(vi) Labor value content.

(A)

In addition to the provisions of subdivision (o) and any other applicable provision of this note, and subject to regulations
issued by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, a passenger vehicle is originating
only if the vehicle producer certifies that its production meetsa Labor Value Content (LVC) requirement of:

(1) 30 percent, consisting of at least 15 percentage points of high-wage material and manufacturing expenditures, no
more than 10 percentage points of high-wage technology expenditures and no more than 5 percentage points of
high-wage assembly expenditures, beginning on July 1, 2020;

(2) 33 percent, consisting of at least 18 percentage points of high-wage material and manufacturing expenditures, no
more than 10 percentage points of technology expenditures, and no more than 5 percentage points of high-wage
assembly expenditures, beginning on July 1, 2021;

(3) 36 percent, consisting of at least 21 percentage points of high-wage material and manufacturing expenditures, no
more than 10 percentage points of technology expenditures, and no more than 5 percentage points of high-wage
assembly expenditures, beginning on July 1, 2022; or

(4) 40 percent, consisting of at least 25 percentage points of high-wage material and manufacturing expenditures, no
more than 10 percentage points of technology expenditures, and no more than 5 percentage points of high-wage
assembly expenditures, beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.41

USMCA

(B)

In addition to the provisions of subdivision (o) and any other requirement in this note, a light truck or heavy truck is
originating only if the vehicle producer certifies that its production meets an LVC requirement of 45 percent, consisting
of at least 30 percentage points of high-wage material and manufacturing expenditures, no more than 10 percentage
points of high-wage technology expenditures and no more than 5 percentage points of high-wage assembly expenditures.

(C) High-wage material or manufacturing expenditures, high-wage technology expenditures and high-wage assembly

expenditures described under paragraphs (vi)(A) and (v)(B) above are calculated as follows:

(1)

(2)

(3)

for high-wage material and manufacturing expenditures, the Annual Purchase Value (APV) of purchased parts or
materials produced in a plant or facility, and, if the producer elects, any labor costs in the vehicle assembly plant or
facility, that is located in North America with a production wage rate that is at least US$16/hour as a percentage of
the net cost of the vehicle, or the total vehicle plant assembly APV, including, if the producer elects, any labor costs
in the vehicle assembly plant or facility;

for high-wage technology expenditures, the annual vehicle producer expenditures in North America on wages for
research and development (R&D) or information technology (IT) as a percentage of total annual vehicle producer
expenditures on production wages in North America; and

for high-wage assembly expenditures, a single credit of no more than 5 percentage points if the vehicle producer
demonstrates that it has an engine assembly, transmission assembly, or an advanced battery assembly plant, or
has long term contracts with such a plant, located in North America with an average production wage of at least
US$16 per hour.

The production wage rate is the average hourly base wage rate, not including benefits, of employees directly involved in
the production of the part or component used to calculate the LVC, and does not include salaries of management, R&D,
engineering or other workers who are not involved in the direct production of the parts or in the operation of production
lines.

High wage material and manufacturing expenses may also be calculated by taking the Annual Purchase Value of purchased
parts of materials produced in a plant or facility located in the territories of the USMCA countries with a production wage
rate that is at least US$16/hour as a percentage of total vehicle plant assembly APV, pursuant to applicable provisions
of regulations, including provisions of the Uniform Regulations.

R&D expenditures include expenditures on research and development including prototype development, design,
engineering, testing, or certifying operations. IT expenditures include expenditures on software development, technology
integration, vehicle communications and information technology support operations.

In the case of a passenger vehicle or light truck, in order to receive the credit described in subparagraph (3), a high wage
engine assembly or transmission assembly plant must have a production capacity of at least 100,000 originating engines
or transmissions and an advanced battery assembly plant must have a production capacity of at least 25,000 originating
assembled advanced battery packs. In the case of a heavy truck, a high-wage engine, transmission or battery assembly
plant must have a production capacity of at least 20,000 originating engines, transmissions or assembled advanced
battery packs to receive the credit. Engines, transmissions or advanced battery packs need not separately qualify as
originating in order to meet this requirement.

(D) Passenger vehicles.--For the purposes of calculating the LVC of a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck, the

calculation may be averaged using any one of the following categories, on the basis of either all motor vehicles in the
category or only those vehicles in the category that are exported to the territory of one or more of the other USMCA
countries:

(1)

the same model line of motor vehicles in the same class of vehicles produced in the same plant in the territory of a
USMCA country;

(2)

the same class of motor vehicles produced in the same plant in the territory of a USMCA country;

(3)

the same model line of motor vehicles or same class of motor vehicles produced in the territory of a USMCA country;
or

(4) any other category as the USMCA countries may decide.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.42

USMCA

(E) For the purposes of determining the LVC in paragraphs (A) or (B) above including under any alternative staging regime

described in paragraph (viii) that may be implemented, the producer may calculate the LVC over one of the following
periods:

(1)

the previous fiscal year of the producer;

(2)

the previous calendar year;

(3)

the quarter or month to date in which the vehicle is produced or exported;

(4)

the producer’s fiscal year to date in which the vehicle is produced or exported; or

(5)

the calendar year to date in which the vehicle is produced or exported.

An LVC calculation based on the producer’s previous fiscal year is valid for the duration of the producer’s current fiscal
year.

An LVC calculation based on the previous calendar year is valid for the duration of the current calendar year.

(F) For the period ending July 1, 2027, if a vehicle producer certifies an LVC for a heavy truck that is higher than 45 percent
by increasing the amount of high wage material and manufacturing expenditures above 30 percentage points, the producer
may use the points above 30 percentage points as a credit towards the regional value content percentages under this
note, provided that the regional value content percentage is not below 60 percent.

(vii) Certification and verification with respect to any provision of this note or of the automotive appendix, including the steel and
aluminum requirements described in (v) and the labor value content requirements described in (vi), is subject to applicable
regulations, including the Uniform Regulations.

(viii) Alternative staging regime.

(A) As may be further provided for in subchapter XXIII of chapter 99 of the tariff schedule, a passenger vehicle or light truck
may be originating pursuant to an alternative staging regime, provided that use of the alternative staging regime has been
authorized by the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, during the period that such regime is in effect. An alternative
staging regime for eligible passenger vehicles or light trucks must meet the requirements of applicable regulations,
including provisions of the Uniform Regulations, and is subject to the terms of the plan as authorized by the Office of the
U.S. Trade Representative.

(B) For purposes of this subparagraph, a vehicle is not eligible for preferential tariff treatment under an alternative staging

regime if the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR)—

(1) has determined that the producer of that vehicle will not be able to meet applicable requirements after the alternative

staging regime has expired; or

(2) has determined that the producer of that vehicle has failed to take the steps set forth in its request for an alternative
staging regime and will not be able to meet applicable requirements after the alternative staging regime has expired
as a result of such failure, has provided false or misleading information in its request, or has failed to notify the USTR
of material changes in circumstances that will prevent it from meeting applicable requirements after the alternative
staging regime has expired.

(ix) RVC for other motor vehicles.

(A) Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (o) of this note, the regional value content requirement is 62.5 percent under

the net cost method for:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.43

USMCA

(1) a motor vehicle for the transport of 15 or fewer persons of subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90; a passenger vehicle

with a compression-ignition engine as the primary motor of propulsion of subheading 8703.21 through 8703.90, a
three or four-wheeled motorcycleof subheading 8703.21 through 8703.90, a motorhome or entertainer coach of
[subheading] 8703.21 through 8703.90, an ambulance, hearse, or prison van of subheading 8703.21 through 8703.90,
a vehicle solely or principally for off-road use of subheading 8703.21 through 8703.90; or a vehicle of subheading
8704.21 or 8704.31 that is solely or principally for off-road use; and

(2) a good of heading 8407 or 8408, or subheading 8708.40, that is for use in a motor vehicle in subparagraph (1)

above.

(B) Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (o) of this note, the regional value content requirement is 60 percent under

the net cost method for:

(1) a good that is a motor vehicle of heading 8701, except for subheading 8701.20; a motor vehicle for the transport of
16 or more persons of subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90; a motor vehicle of subheading 8704.10; a motor vehicle of
subheading 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32 or 8704.90 that is solely or principally for off-road use; a motor vehicle of
heading 8705; or a good of heading 8706 that is not for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck;

(2) a good of heading 8407 or 8408, or subheading 8708.40, that is for use in a motor vehicle in subparagraph (1)

above; or

(3) except for a good in paragraph (2) above or of subheading 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8483.20 or 8483.30, a good
in Table F of the automotive appendix that is subject to a regional value content requirement and that is for use in
a motor vehicle in subparagraph (1) or (2) above.

(C) For the purposes of calculating the regional value content under the net cost method for a good that is a motor vehicle

provided for in paragraph (A) or (B) above, a good listed in Table F of the automotive appendix for use as original equipment
in the production of a good in paragraph (A)(1), or a component listed in Table G ofsuch appendix for use as original
equipment in the production of the motor vehicle in paragraph (B)(1) above,the value of non-originating materials used
by the producer in the production of the good shall be the sum of:

(1)

for each material used by the producer listed in Table F or Table G of such appendix, whether or not produced by
the producer, at the choice of the producer and determined in accordance with applicable provisions of this note on
regional value content, either

(I)

the value of such material that is non-originating, or

(II)

the value of non-originating materials used in the production of such material; and

(2)

the value of any other non-originating material used by the producer that is not listed in Table F or Table G of the
automotive appendix, determined in accordance with applicable provisions of this note on regional value content.

(D) For purposes of calculating the regional value content of a motor vehicle covered by paragraph (A) or (B) above, the

producer may average its calculation over its fiscal year, using any one of the following categories, on the basis of either
all motor vehicles in the category or only those motor vehicles inthe category that are exported to the territory of one or
more of the other USMCA countries:

(1)

the same model line of motor vehicles in the same class of vehicles produced in the same plant in the territory of a
USMCA country;

(2)

the same class of motor vehicles produced in the same plant in the territory of a USMCA country; or

(3)

the same model line of motor vehicles produced in the territory of a USMCA country.

(E) For purposes of calculating the regional value content for a good listed in Table F of the automotive appendix, or a

component or material listed in Table G of such appendix, produced in the same plant, the producer of the good may:

(1) average its calculation:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.44

USMCA

(I)

over the fiscal year of the motor vehicle producer to whom the good is sold,

(II) over any quarter or month, or

(III) over its fiscal year, if the good is sold as an aftermarket part;

(2)

calculate the average referred to in subparagraph (1) separately for a good sold to one or more motor vehicle
producers; or

(3) with respect to any calculation under this paragraph, calculate the average separately for goods that are exported

to the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

(F) The regional value content requirement for a motor vehicle identified in paragraph (A) or (B) above shall be:

(1) 50 percent for five years after the date on which the first motor vehicle prototype is produced in a plant by a motor

vehicle assembler, if:

(I)

it is a motor vehicle of a class, or marque, or, except for a motor vehicle identified in paragraph (B) above, size
category and underbody, not previously produced by the motor vehicle assembler in the territory of any of the
USMCA countries,

(II)

the plant consists of a new building in which the motor vehicle is assembled, and

(III)

the plant contains substantially all new machinery that is used in the assembly of the motor vehicle; or

(2) 50 percent for two years after the date on which the first motor vehicle prototype is produced at a plant following a
refit, if it is a different motor vehicle of a class, or marque, or, except for a motor vehicle identified in paragraph (B),
size category and underbody, than was assembled by the motor vehicle assembler in the plant before the refit.

(l) Definitions. In this note:

(i)

Aquaculture.—The term “aquaculture” means the farming of aquatic organisms, including fish, molluscs, crustaceans, other
aquatic invertebrates and aquatic plants from seed stock such as eggs, fry, fingerlings or larvae, by intervention in the rearing
or growth processes to enhance production such as regular stocking, feeding or protection from predators.

(ii) Customs Valuation Agreement.—The term “Customs Valuation Agreement” means the Agreement on Implementation of Article

VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay Round Agreements
Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(8)).

(iii) Fungible good or fungible material.—The term “fungible good” or “fungible material” means a good or material, as the case
may be, that is interchangeable with another good or material for commercial purposes and the properties of which are
essentially identical to such other good or material.

(iv) Good wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more USMCA countries.—The term “good wholly obtained

or produced entirely in the territory of one or more USMCA countries” means any of the following:

(1) a mineral good or other naturally occurring substance extracted or taken from the territory of one or more USMCA countries;

(2) a plant, plant good, vegetable or fungus grown, cultivated, harvested, picked or gathered in the territory of one or more

USMCA countries;

(3) a live animal born and raised in the territory of one or more USMCA countries;

(4) a good obtained in the territory of one or more USMCA countries from a live animal;

(5) an animal obtained by hunting, trapping, fishing, gathering or capturing in the territory of one or more USMCA countries;

(6) a good obtained in the territory of one or more USMCA countries from aquaculture;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.45

USMCA

(7) a fish, shellfish or other marine life taken from the sea, seabed or subsoil outside the territory of one or more USMCA

countries and outside the territorial sea of any country that is not a USMCA country by—

(A) a vessel that is registered or recorded with a USMCA country and flying the flag of that country; or

(B) a vessel that is documented under the laws of the United States;

(8) a good produced on board a factory ship from goods referred to in subparagraph (7) above, if such factory ship—

(A)

is registered or recorded with a USMCA country and flies the flag of that country; or

(B)

is a vessel that is documented under the laws of the United States;

(9) a good, other than a good referred to in subparagraph (7) above, that is taken by a USMCA country, or a person of a
USMCA country, from the seabed or subsoil outside the territory of a USMCA country, if that USMCA country has the
right to exploit such seabed or subsoil;

(10) waste and scrap derived from—

(A) production in the territory of one or more USMCA countries; or

(B) used goods collected in the territory of one or more USMCA countries, if such goods are fit only for the recovery of

raw materials;

(11) a good produced in the territory of one or more USMCA countries exclusively from goods referred to in any of subparagraphs

(1) through (10), inclusive, of this subdivision, or from their derivatives, at any stage of production.

(v)

Indirect material.—The term “indirect material” means a material used or consumed in the production, testing or inspection of
a good but not physically incorporated into the good, or a material used or consumed in the maintenance of buildings or the
operation of equipment associated with the production of a good, including—

(1)

fuel and energy;

(2)

tools, dies and molds;

(3)

spare parts and materials used or consumed in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(4)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used or consumed in production or to operate equipment
or buildings;

(5) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(6) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the good;

(7)

catalysts and solvents; and

(8) any other material that is not incorporated into the good, if the use of the material in the production of the good can

reasonably be demonstrated to be a part of that production.

(vi)

Intermediate material.—The term “intermediate material” means a material that is self-produced, used or consumed in the
production of a good, and designated as an intermediate material pursuant to subdivision (c)(ix) of this note.

(vii) Material.—The term “material” means a good that is used or consumed in the production of another good and includes a part

or an ingredient.

(viii) Net cost.—The term “net cost” means total cost minus sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties,

shipping and packing costs and nonallowable interest costs that are included in the total cost.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.46

USMCA

(ix) Net cost of a good.—The term “net cost of a good” means the net cost that can be reasonably allocated to a good using one

of the methods set forth in subdivision (c)(vii) above.

(x) Nonallowable interest costs.—The term “nonallowable interest costs” means interest costs incurred by a producer that exceed

700 basis points above the applicable official interest rate for comparable maturities of the country in which the producer is
located.

(xi) Nonoriginating good or nonoriginating material.—The term “nonoriginating good” or “nonoriginating material” means a good

or material, as the case may be, that does not qualify as originating under this note.

(xii) Originating good; originating material.—The term “originating good” or “originating material” means a good or material, as the

case may be, that qualifies as originating under this note.

(xiii) Packaging materials and containers.—The term “packaging materials and containers” means materials and containers in which

a good is packaged for retail sale.

(xiv) Packing materials and containers.—The term “packing materials and containers” means materials and containers thatare used

to protect a good during transportation.

(xv) Producer.—The term “producer” means a person who engages in the production of a good.

(xvi) Production.—The term “production” means—

(1) growing, cultivating, raising, mining, harvesting, fishing, trapping, hunting, capturing, breeding, extracting, manufacturing,

processing or assembling a good; or

(2)

the farming of aquatic organisms through aquaculture.

(xvii) Reasonably allocate.—The term “reasonably allocate” means to apportion in a manner appropriate to the circumstances.

(xviii)Recovered material.—The term “recovered material” means a material in the form of individual parts that are the result of—

(1)

the disassembly of a used good into individual parts; and

(2)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing that is necessary for improvement to sound working condition of such
individual parts.

(xix) Remanufactured good.—The term “remanufactured good” means a good classified in the tariff schedule under any of chapters

84 through 90 or under heading 9402, other than a good classified under heading 8418, 8509, 8516 or 8703 or subheading
8414.51, 8450.11. 8450.12, 8508.11 or 8517.11, that—

(1)

is entirely or partially composed of recovered materials;

(2) has a life expectancy similar to, and performs in a manner that is the same as or similar to, such a good when new; and

(3) has a factory warranty similar to that applicable to such a good when new.

(xx) Royalties.—The term “royalties” means payments of any kind, including payments under technical assistance or similar
agreements, made as consideration for the use of, or right to use, a copyright, literary, artistic or scientific work, patent,
trademark, design, model, plan or secret formula or secret process, excluding payments under technical assistance or similar
agreements that can be related to a specific service such as—

(1) personnel training, without regard to where the training is performed; or

(2)

if performed in the territory of one or more USMCA countries, engineering, tooling, die-setting, software design and similar
computer services, or other services.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.47

USMCA

(xxi) Sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs.—The term “sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service

costs” means the costs related to sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service for the following:

(1)

sales and marketing promotion, media advertising, advertising and market research, promotional and demonstration
materials, exhibits, sales conferences, trade shows, conventions, banners, marketing displays, free samples, sales,
marketing and after-sales service literature (product brochures, catalogs, technical literature, price lists, service manuals
and sales aid information), establishment and protection of logos and trademarks, sponsorships, wholesale and retail
charges and entertainment;

(2)

sales and marketing incentives, consumer, retailer or wholesaler rebates and merchandise incentives;

(3)

salaries and wages, sales commissions, bonuses, benefits (such as medical, insurance and pension benefits), traveling
and living expenses, and membership and professional fees for sales promotion, marketing and after-sales services
personnel;

(4) product liability insurance;

(5)

rent and depreciation of sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service offices and distribution centers;

(6) payments by the producer to other persons for warranty repairs;

(7)

if the costs are identified separately for sales promotion, marketing or after-sales services of goods on the financial
statements or cost accounts of the producer, the following:

(A) property insurance premiums, taxes utilities and repair and maintenance of sales promotion, marketing andafter-sales

service offices and distribution centers;

(B)

recruiting and training of sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service personnel, and after-sales training of
customers’ employees;

(C) office supplies for sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service of goods;

(D)

telephone, mail and other communications.

(xxii) Self-produced material.—The term “self-produced material” means a material that is produced by the producer of a good and

used in the production of that good.

(xxiii)Shipping and packing costs.—The term “shipping and packing costs” means the costs incurred in packing a good for shipment
and shipping the good from the point of direct shipment to the buyer, excluding the costs of preparing and packaging the good
for retail sale.

(xxiv)Territory.—The term “territory” with respect to a USMCA country, has the meaning given that term in section C of chapter 1

of the USMCA, as further defined in subdivision (n) of this note.

(xxv)Total cost.—The term “total cost”—

(1)

In general.—The term “total cost”—

(A) means all product costs, period costs and other costs for a good incurred in the territory of one or more USMCA

countries; and

(B) does not include—

(I)

profits that are earned by the producer of the good, regardless of whether the costs are retained by the producer
or paid out to other persons as dividends; or

(II)

taxes paid on those profits, including capital gains taxes.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.48

USMCA

(2) Other definitions.—In this subdivision—

(A) Other costs.—The term “other costs” means all costs recorded on the books of the producer that are not product

costs or period costs, such as interest.

(B) Period costs.—The term “period costs” means costs, other than product costs, that are expensed in the period in

which they are incurred, such as selling expenses and general and administrative expenses.

(C) Product costs.—The term “product costs” means costs that are associated with the production of a good, including

the value of materials, direct labor costs and direct overhead.

(xxvi)Transaction value.—The term transaction value” means the price—

(1) actually paid or payable for a good or material with respect to a transaction of a producer; and

(2) adjusted in accordance with the principles set forth in paragraphs 1, 3 and 4 of article 8 of the Customs Valuation

Agreement.

(xxvii)USMCA country.—The term “USMCA country” means the United States, Canada or Mexico for such time as the USMCA is

in force with respect to Canada or Mexico, and the United States applies the USMCA to Canada or Mexico.

(xxviii)Value.—The term “value” means the value of a good or material for purposes of calculating customs duties or applying this

note.

(m) Application and interpretation.—In this note:

(i)

The basis for any tariff classification is the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States.

(ii) Whenever in this note there is a reference to a chapter, heading, subheading or tariff item, that reference shall be a reference

to a chapter, heading, subheading or tariff item (meaning a provision designated by eight digits) of the tariff schedule.

(iii) Any cost or value referred to in this note with respect to a good shall be recorded and maintained in accordance with the

generally accepted accounting principles applied in the territory of the USMCA country in which the good is produced.

(iv) For purposes of this note and for purposes of implementing the preferential tariff treatment provided for under the USMCA,

except as otherwise provided in this note, a good is an originating good if satisfies all requirements under this note and under
regulations issued by the Secretary pursuant to the USMCA.

(v) A rule applicable to a tariff item shall take precedence over a rule applicable to the heading or subheading which is parent to

that tariff item.

(vi) A reference to weight in the rules in subdivision (o) of this note for goods provided for in chapters 1 through 24 of the tariff

schedule means dry weight unless otherwise specified in the tariff schedule.

(vii) A requirement of a change in tariff classification in subdivision (o) of this note applies only to nonoriginating materials.

(n)

Interpretation of rules of origin.--For purposes of this note—

(i)

Except for a good provided for in any of chapters 61 to 63 of the tariff schedule, a good is an originating good if—

(A)

it is produced entirely in the territory of one or more USMCA countries;

(B) one or more of the nonoriginating materials provided for as “parts” in the tariff schedule and used in the production of the

good cannot satisfy the requirements set out in subdivision (o) of this note, because—

(1) both the good and its materials are classified in the same subheading or in the same heading that is not further

subdivided into subheadings, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.49

USMCA

(2)

the good was imported into the territory of a USMCA country in an unassembled or a disassembled form but was
classified as an assembled good pursuant to general interpretive rule 2(a) of the tariff schedule; and

(C)

the regional value content of the good, determined in accordance with subdivision (c) of this note, is not less than 60
percent if the transaction value method is used, or not less than 50 percent if the net cost method is used.

(ii) Non-qualifying operations. Each USMCA country shall provide that a good shall not be considered to be an originating good

merely by reason of--

(A) mere dilution with water or another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the good; or

(B) a production or pricing practice in respect of which it may be demonstrated, on the basis of a preponderance of evidence,

that the object was to circumvent this note and applicable regulations.

(iii) For the purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 6 through 14, inclusive, agricultural and horticulturalgoods grown
in the territory of a USMCA country shall be treated as originating in territory of that USMCA country even if grown from seed,
bulbs, rootstock, cuttings, slips or other live parts of plants imported from a non-USMCA country.

(iv) A good of any heading in chapters 28 through 38, inclusive, that satisfies one or more of the provisions enumerated in this

subdivision shall be treated as an originating good, except as otherwise specified in those rules. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence, a good is an originating good if it meets the applicable change in tariff classification or satisfies the applicable value
content requirement specified in subdivision (o) of this note.

(A) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except a good of headings 3301 or 3823 or subheadings 2916.32 or 3502.11 through

3502.19, that results from a chemical reaction in the territory of one or more USMCA countries shall be treated as an
originating good.

(B) For the purposes of this note, a “chemical reaction” is a process (including a biochemical process) that results in a molecule
with a new structure by breaking intramolecular bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial
arrangement of atoms in a molecule. The following are not considered to be chemical reactions for the purposes of
determining whether a good is an originating good:

(1) dissolution in water or in another solvent;

(2)

the elimination of solvents, including solvent water; or

(3)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallisation.

(C) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except for a good of heading 3301 or subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19, that is

subject to purification is an originating good, provided that the purification occurs in the territory of one or more of the
USMCA countries and results in the following:

(1)

the elimination of not less than 80 percent of the content of existing impurities; or

(2)

the reduction or elimination of impurities resulting in a good suitable for one or more of the following:

(I)

as a pharmaceutical, medical, cosmetic, veterinary, or food grade substance,

(II) as a chemical product or reagent for analytical, diagnostic, or laboratory uses,

(III) as an element or component for use in micro-elements,

(IV) for specialized optical uses,

(V)

for non-toxic uses for health and safety;

(VI) for biotechnical use (e.g. in cell culturing, in genetic technology, or as a catalyst),

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.50

USMCA

(VII) as a carrier used in a separation process, or

(VIII)or nuclear grade uses.

(D) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except for a good of chapters 28, 29, or 32, headings 3301 or 3808, or subheadings
3502.11 through 3502.19 is an originating good if the deliberate and proportionally controlled mixing or blending (including
dispersing) of materials other than the addition of diluents, to conform to predetermined specifications occurs in the
territory of one or more of the USMCA countries, resulting in the production of a good having essential physical or chemical
characteristics that are relevant to the purposes or uses of the good and are different from the input materials.

(E) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except for a good of chapters 28, 29, 32 or 38, heading 3301 or subheadings 3502.11
through 3502.19, is an originating good if the deliberate and controlled modification in particle size of a good, including
micronizing by dissolving a polymer and subsequent precipitation, other than by merely crushing or pressing, occurs in
the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries, resulting in a good with a defined particle size, defined particle size
distribution or defined surface area, that is relevant to the purposes of the resulting good, and having essential physical
or chemical characteristics different from the input materials.

(F) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except for a good of heading 3301 or subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19, is an
originating good if the standards material is produced in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries. For the
purposes of this rule, a “standards material” (including a standard solution) is a preparation suitable for analytical, calibrating
or referencing uses, having precise degrees of purity or proportions that are certified by the manufacturer.

(G) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except for a good of heading 3301 or subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19, is an
originating good if the isolation or separation of isomers from mixtures of isomers occurs in the territory of one or more
of the USMCA countries.

(H) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except for a good of heading 3301 or subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19, that

undergoes a change from one classification to another in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries as a result
of the separation of one or more materials from a man-made mixture, shall not be treated as an originating good unless
the isolated material underwent a chemical reaction in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

(I) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except for a good of headings 2930 through 2942, chapter 30, heading 3301 or

subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19, is an originating good if it undergoes a biochemical process or one or more of
the following processes:

(1) Biological or biotechnological culturing, hybridization or genetic modification of:

(I) Micro-organisms (bacteria, viruses (includes phages) etc.), or

(II) Human, animal or plant cells;

(2) Production, isolation, or purification of cellular or intercellular structures (such as isolated genes, gene fragments,

and plasmids); or

(3) Products obtained by fermentation.

(v) A good of any heading in chapters 39 through 40 that satisfies one or more of the provisions enumerated in this subdivision

shall be treated as an originating good, except as otherwise specified in those rules. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,
a good is an originating good if it meets the applicable change in tariff classification or satisfies the applicable value content
requirement specified insubdivision (o) of this note.

(A) A good of chapters 39 through 40 that results from a chemical reaction in the territory of one or more of the USMCA

countries shall be treated as an originating good.

(B) For the purposes of this rule, a “chemical reaction” is a process (including a biochemical process) that results in a molecule
with a new structure by breaking intramolecular bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial
arrangement of atoms n a molecule. The following are not considered to be chemical reactions for the purposes of
determining whether a good is anoriginating good under this note:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.51

USMCA

(1) dissolution in water or in another solvent;

(2)

the elimination of solvents, including solvent water; or

(3)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallization.

(C) A good of chapters 39 through 40 that is subject to purification is an originating good, provided that the purification occurs

in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries and results in the following:

(1)

the elimination of not less than 80 percent of the content of existing impurities; or

(2)

the reduction or elimination of impurities resulting in a good suitable for one or more of the following:

(I)

as a pharmaceutical, medical, cosmetic, veterinary, or food grade substance,

(II) as a chemical product or reagent for analytical, diagnostic, or laboratory uses,

(III) as an element or component for use in micro-elements,

(IV) for specialized optical uses,

(V)

for non-toxic uses for health and safety,

(VI) for biotechnical use (e.g., in cell culturing, in genetic technology, or as a catalyst),

(VII) as a carrier used in a separation process, or

(VIII)for nuclear grade uses.

(D) A good of chapter 39 is an originating good if the deliberate and proportionally-controlled mixing or blending (including

dispersing) of materials, other than the addition of diluents, to conform to predetermined specifications occurs in the
territory of one or more of the USMCA countries, resulting in the production of a good having essential physical or chemical
characteristics that arerelevant to the purposes or uses of the good and are different from the input materials.

(E) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except for a good of chapters 28, 29, 32 or 38, heading 3301 or subheadings 3502.11
through 3502.19, is an originating good if the deliberate and controlled modification in particle size of a good, including
micronizing by dissolving a polymer and subsequent precipitation, other than by merely crushing or pressing, occurs in
the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries, resulting in a good with a defined particle size, defined particle size
distribution or defined surface area, that is relevant to the purposes of the resulting good, and having essential physical
or chemical characteristics different from the input materials.

(F) A good of chapter 39 is an originating good if the standards material is produced in the territory of one or more of the

USMCA countries. For the purposes of this note, a “standards material” (including a standard solution) is a preparation
suitable for analytical, calibrating or referencing uses, having precise degrees of purity or proportions that are certified
by the manufacturer.

(G) A good of chapter 39 is an originating good if the isolation or separation of isomers from mixtures of isomers occurs in

the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

(H) A good of chapter 39 is an originating good if it undergoes a biochemical process or through one or more of the following

processes:

(1) Biological or biotechnological culturing, hybridization, or genetic modification of:

(I) Micro-organisms (bacteria, viruses (includes phages) etc.), or

(II) Human, animal or plant cells;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.52

USMCA

(2) Production, isolation or purification of cellular or intercellular structures (such as isolated genes, gene fragments

and plasmids); or

(3) Fermentation.

(vi) The textile and apparel rules set forth in this note are applied conjunction with subdivision (b) and all other applicable provisions
for such goods. For the purposes of these rules, the term “wholly” means that the good is made entirely or solely of the named
material.

(vii) A good classified in chapters 50 through 63, inclusive, shall be considered originating, notwithstanding theorigin of the following
materials, provided that the good otherwise meets the applicable product specific rule set forth in subdivision (o) of this note:

(A)

rayon filament, other than lyocell or acetate, of headings 5403 or 5405, or

(B)

rayon fiber, other than lyocell or acetate, of headings 5502, 5504 or 5507.

(viii) A product-specific rule set forth in subdivision (o) of this note which requires a change to one or more tariff items shall apply
to all goods provided for in such tariff item or items, and such goods shall be eligible for the tariff treatment provided for in this
note only under the terms of such rule and not under any product-specific rule requiring tariff classification changes at the
subheading or heading level. For purposes of this note, the term “tariff item” means a provision of the tariff schedule that
appears at the eight (8) digit level and that is not part of the Harmonized System.

(o) Change in tariff classification rules.

Chapter 1

1.

A change to headings 0101 through 0106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 2

1.

A change to headings 0201 through 0210 from any other chapter.

Chapter 3

Chapter rule 1: A fish, crustacean, mollusc or other aquatic invertebrate obtained in the territory of a USMCA country is originating even
if obtained from eggs, larvae, fry, fingerlings, parr, smolts or other immature fish at a post-larval stage that are imported from a non-USMCA
country.

1.

2.

A change to headings 0301 through 0305 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to a smoked good of subheadings 0306.11 through 0308.90 from a non-smoked good within those subheadings or
any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheadings 0306.11 through 0308.90 from any other chapter.

Chapter 4

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 0401 through 0404 from any other chapter, except from tariff items 1901.90.32, 1901.90.33, 1901.90.34,
1901.90.36, 1901.90.38, 1901.90.42 or 1901.90.43.

A change to heading 0405 from any other chapter, except from tariff items 1901.90.32, 1901.90.33, 1901.90.34, 1901.90.36,
1901.90.38, 1901.90.42, 1901.90.43, 2106.90.03, 2106.90.06, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.22, 2106.90.24, 2106.90.26, 2106.90.28,
2106.90.62, 2106.90.64, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.68, 2106.90.72, 2106.90.74, 2106.90.76, 2106.90.78, 2106.90.80 or 2106.90.82

A change to headings 0406 through 0410 from any other chapter, except from tariff items 1901.90.32, 1901.90.33, 1901.90.34,
1901.90.36, 1901.90.38, 1901.90.42 or 1901.90.43.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.53

USMCA

Chapter 5

1.

A change to headings 0501 through 0511 from any other chapter.

Chapter 6

1.

A change to headings 0601 through 0604 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(ii) of this note, subdivision (e)(i) applies to nonoriginating truffles of subheading
0709.59 used in the production of mixtures of mushrooms and truffles of subheading 0709.59 and nonoriginating capers of subheading
0711.90 used in the production of mixtures of vegetables of subheading 0711.90.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 0701 through 0711 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 0712.20 through 0712.39 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to savory, crushed or ground, of subheading 0712.90 from savory, neither crushed nor ground, of subheading 0712.90
or any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 0712.90 from any other chapter.

4.

A change to headings 0713 through 0714 from any other chapter.

Chapter 8

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(ii) of this note, subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to nonoriginating macadamia nuts of
subheadings 0802.61 or 0802.62 used in the production of mixtures of nuts of subheading 0802.90.

1.

A change to headings 0801 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Chapter 9

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 0901 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 0902.10 through 0902.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 0903 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 0904.11 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 0904.12 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 0904.21 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to allspice, crushed or ground, of subheading 0904.22 from allspice, neither crushed nor ground of subheading 0904.21
or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 0904.22 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 0905 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 0906.11 through 0906.19 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 0906.20 from any other subheading.

11. A change to a good of subheadings 0907.10 through 0907.20 from any other good within those subheadings, any other subheading

within that group or any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.54

USMCA

12. A change to a good of subheadings 0908.11 through 0909.62 from any other good within those subheadings, any other subheading

within that group or any other chapter.

13. A change to a good of subheadings 0910.11 through 0910.12 from any other good within those subheadings, any other subheading

within that group or any other chapter.

14. A change to subheading 0910.20 from any other chapter.

15. A change to a good of subheading 0910.30 from within that subheading or any other chapter.

16. A change to subheading 0910.91 from any other subheading.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(ii), subdivision (e)(i) of this note applies to nonoriginating thyme, bay leaves, or curry
of subheading 0910.99 used in the production of mixtures of subheading 0910.99.

17.

(A) A change to bay leaves, crushed or ground, of subheading 0910.99 from bay leaves, neither crushed nor ground, of subheading
0910.99 or any other chapter;

(B) A change to dill seeds, crushed or ground, of subheading 0910.99 from dill seeds, neither crushed nor ground, of subheading
0910.99 or any other chapter;

(C) A change to curry of subheading 0910.99 from any other good of subheading 0910.99 or any other subheading; or

(D) A change to any other good of subheading 0910.99 from any other chapter.

Chapter 10

1.

A change to headings 1001 through 1008 from any other chapter.

Chapter 11

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(ii), subdivision (e)(i) applies to nonoriginating rice or rye flour of subheading 1102.90
used in the production of mixtures of flours of subheading 1102.90.

1.

A change to headings 1101 through 1109 from any other chapter.

Chapter 12

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1201 through 1206 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1207.10 through 1207.70 from any other chapter.

A change to a good of subheading 1207.91 from within that subheading or any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1207.99 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1208 from any other chapter.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(ii), subdivision (e)(i) applies to nonoriginating timothy grass seed when used in the
production of mixtures of subheading 1209.29.

6.

7.

A change to subheadings 1209.10 through 1209.30 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to celery seeds, crushed or ground, of subheading 1209.91 from celery seeds, neither crushed nor ground, of
subheading 1209.91 or any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 1209.91 from any other chapter.

8.

A change to subheading 1209.99 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.55

USMCA

9.

A change to headings 1210 through 1214 from any other chapter.

Chapter 13

1.

2.

A change to a good of subheading 1301.20 from within that subheading or any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1301.90 from any other chapter.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(ii), subdivision (e)(i) applies to nonoriginating saps and extracts of pyrethrum or of
the roots of plants containing rotenone when used in the production of goods of subheading 1302.19.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 1302.11 through 1302.32 from any other chapter, except from concentrates of poppy straw of subheading
2939.11.

(A) A change to carrageenan of subheading 1302.39 from within that subheading or any other chapter, provided the nonoriginating
materials of subheading 1302.39 do not exceed 50 percent by weight of the good; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 1302.39 from any other chapter, except from concentrates of poppy straw of
subheading 2939.11.

Chapter 14

1.

A change to headings 1401 through 1404 from any other chapter.

Chapter 15

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 1501 through 1518 from any other chapter, except from heading 3823.

A change to heading 1520 from any other heading, except from heading 3823.

A change to headings 1521 through 1522 from any other chapter.

Chapter 16

1.

A change to headings 1601 through 1605 from any other chapter.

Chapter 17

1.

2.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1704 from any other heading.

Chapter 18

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1801 through 1805 from any other chapter.

A change to tariff items 1806.10.43, 1806.10.45, 1806.10.55, 1806.10.65 or 1806.10.75 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that the nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17 constitutes no more
than 35 percent by weight of the sugar and the nonoriginating cocoa powder of heading 1805 constitutes no more than 35 percent
by weight of the cocoa powder.

A change to subheading 1806.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 1806.31 through 1806.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.56

USMCA

Chapter 19

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to tariff items 1901.10.05, 1901.10.15, 1901.10.30, 1901.10.35, 1901.10.40 or 1901.10.45 from any other chapter, except
from chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.10 from any other chapter.

A change to tariff items 1901.20.02, 1901.20.05, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.20, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.30, 1901.20.35 or 1901.20.40 from
any other chapter, except from chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.20 from any other chapter.

A change to tariff items 1901.90.32, 1901.90.33, 1901.90.34, 1901.90.36, 1901.90.38, 1901.90.42 or 1901.90.43 from any other
chapter, except from chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.90 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 1902 through 1903 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1904.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1904.20 from any other subheading, except from chapter 20.

10. A change to subheadings 1904.30 through 1904.90 from any other chapter.

11. A change to heading 1905 from any other chapter.

Chapter 20

Chapter rule 1: Fruit, nut and vegetable preparations of chapter 20 that have been prepared or preserved merely by freezing, by packing
(including canning) in water, brine or natural juices, or by roasting, either dry or in oil (including processing incidental to freezing, packing,
or roasting), shall be treated as an originating good only if the fresh good were wholly produced or obtained entirely in the territory of
one or more of the USMCA countries.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(ii), subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to nonoriginating bamboo shoots of subheading
2005.91 used in the production of mixtures of vegetables of subheading 2005.99.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(ii), subdivision (e)(i) applies to nonoriginating truffles of subheading 2003.90 used in
the production of mixtures of mushrooms and truffles of subheading 2003.90.

1.

2.

A change to headings 2001 through 2007 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2008.11 from any other heading, except from heading 1202.

Subheading rule: Fruit preparations of subheadings 2008.19 through 2008.99 that contain peaches, pears, or apricots, either alone or
mixed with other fruits shall be treated as originating only if the peaches, pears, or apricots were wholly obtained or produced entirely in
the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 2008.19 through 2008.99 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

A change to subheadings 2009.41 through 2009.89 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter;

(B) A change to cranberry juice mixtures of subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, except from
subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 or subheading 2009.81, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.57

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, whether or not there is also
a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a single non-USMCA country,
constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

Chapter 21

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to tariff item 2101.11.21 from any other chapter, provided that the nonoriginating coffee of chapter 9 constitutes no more
than 60 percent by weight of the good.

A change to heading 2101 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2102 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.10 from any other chapter.

A change to tariff item 2103.20.20 from any other chapter, except from subheading 2002.90.

A change to subheading 2103.20 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2104 from any other chapter.

10. A change to heading 2105 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or tariff items 1901.90.32, 1901.90.33, 1901.90.34,

1901.90.36, 1901.90.38, 1901.90.42 or 1901.90.43.

11. A change to tariff items 2106.90.48 or 2106.90.52 from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or tariff item 2202.90.30.

12.

(A) A change to tariff item 2106.90.54 from any other chapter, except from heading 2009 or tariff item 2202.90.37; or

(B) A change to tariff item 2106.90.54 from any other subheading within chapter 21, heading 2009 or tariff item 2202.90.37, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a single
non-USMCA country, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

13. A change to tariff items 2106.90.03, 2106.90.06, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.22, 2106.90.24, 2106.90.26, 2106.90.28, 2106.90.62,

2106.90.64, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.68, 2106.90.72, 2106.90.74, 2106.90.76, 2106.90.78, 2106.90.80 or 2106.90.82 from any other
chapter, except from chapter 4 or tariff items 1901.90.32, 1901.90.33, 1901.90.34, 1901.90.36, 1901.90.38, 1901.90.42 or 1901.90.43.

14. A change to tariff items 2106.90.12, 2106.90.15 or 2106.90.18 from any other tariff item, except from headings 2203 through 2209.

15. A change to heading 2106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 22

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 2201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.10 from any other chapter.

A change to tariff item 2202.90.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or tariff items 2106.90.48 or 2106.90.52.

(A) A change to tariff item 2202.90.37 from any other chapter, except from heading 2009 or tariff item 2106.90.54; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.58

USMCA

5.

6.

7.

8.

(B) A change to tariff item 2202.90.37 from any other subheading within chapter 22, heading 2009, or tariff item 2106.90.54, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a single
non-USMCA country, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

A change to tariff items 2202.90.10, 2202.90.22, 2202.90.24 or 2202.90.28 from any other chapter, except from chapter 4 or tariff
items 1901.90.32, 1901.90.33, 1901.90.34, 1901.90.36, 1901.90.38, 1901.90.42 or 1901.90.43.

A change to subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 2203 through 2207 from any heading outside that group, except from tariff items 2106.90.12, 2106.90.15 or
2106.90.18 or headings 2208 through 2209.

A change to subheading 2208.20 from any other heading, except from tariff items 2106.90.12, 2106.90.15 or 2106.90.18 or headings
2203 through 2207 or 2209.

9. No required change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 2208.30 through 2208.70, provided that the nonoriginating

alcoholic ingredients constitute no more than 10 percent of the alcoholic content of the good by volume.

10. A change to subheading 2208.90 from any other heading, except from tariff items 2106.90.12, 2106.90.15 or 2106.90.18 or headings

2203 through 2207 or 2209.

11. A change to heading 2209 from any other heading, except from tariff items 2106.90.12, 2106.90.15 or 2106.90.18 or headings 2203

through 2208.

Chapter 23

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 2301 through 2308 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2309.10 from any other heading.

A change to tariff items 2309.90.22, 2309.90.24 or 2309.90.28 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or tariff items
1901.90.32, 1901.90.33, 1901.90.34, 1901.90.36, 1901.90.38, 1901.90.42 or 1901.90.43.

4.

A change to subheading 2309.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 24

1.

A change to headings 2401 through 2403 from tariff items 2401.10.21, 2401.20.14 or 2403.91.20 or any other chapter.

Chapter 25

1.

A change to headings 2501 through 2530 from any other chapter.

Chapter 26

1.

A change to headings 2601 through 2621 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 27

Chapter rule 1: Notwithstanding the applicable product-specific rules of origin, a good of chapter 27 that is the product of a chemical
reaction is an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

For the purposes of this rule, a “chemical reaction” is a process (including a biochemical process) that results in a molecule with a new
structure by breaking intramolecular bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial arrangement of atoms in
a molecule. The following are not considered to be chemical reactions for the purposes of this definition:

(a) dissolving in water or other solvents;

(b)

the elimination of solvents, including solvent water; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.59

USMCA

(c)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallisation.

Heading rule: For the purposes of heading 2710, the following processes confer origin:

(a) Atmospheric distillation—a separation process in which petroleum oils are converted, in a distillation tower, into fractions

according to boiling point and the vapor then condensed into different liquefied fractions. Liquefied petroleum gas, naphtha,
gasoline, kerosene, diesel/heating oil, light gas oils, and lubricating oil are produced from petroleum distillation;

(b) Vacuum distillation—distillation at a pressure below atmospheric but not so low that it would be classed as molecular distillation.

Vacuum distillation is useful for distilling high-boiling and heat-sensitive materials such as heavy distillates in petroleum oils
to produce light to heavy vacuum gas oils and residuum. In some refineries gas oils may be further processed into lubricating
oils;

(c) Catalytic hydroprocessing—the cracking or treating of petroleum oils with hydrogen at high temperature and under pressure,

in the presence of special catalysts. Catalytic hydroprocessing includes hydrocracking and hydrotreating;

(d) Reforming (catalytic reforming)—the rearrangement of molecules in a naphtha boiling range material to form higher octane

aromatics (i.e., improved antiknock quality at the expense of gasoline yield). A main product is catalytic reformate, a blend
component for gasoline. Hydrogen is another by-product;

(e) Alkylation—a process whereby a high-octane blending component for gasolines is derived from catalytic combination of an

isoparaffin and an olefin;

(f) Cracking—a refining process involving decomposition and molecular recombination of organic compounds, especially
hydrocarbons obtained by means of heat, to form molecules suitable for motor fuels, monomers, petrochemicals, etc.;

(i)

Thermal cracking—exposes the distillate to temperatures of approximately 540-650 degrees C (1000-1200 degrees F)
for varying periods of time. Process produces modest yields of gasoline and higher yields of residual products for fuel oil
blending, or

(ii) Catalytic cracking—hydrocarbon vapors are passed at approximately 400 degrees C (750 degrees F) over a metallic
catalyst (e.g., silica-alumina or platinum); the complex recombinations (alkylation, polymerization, isomerization, etc.)
occur within seconds to yield high-octane gasoline. Process yields less residual oils and lightgases than thermal cracking;

(g) Coking—a thermal cracking process for the conversion of heavy low grade products, such as reduced crude, straight run pitch,
cracked tars, and shale oil into solid coke (carbon) and lower boiling hydrocarbon products which are suitable as feed for other
refinery units for conversion into lighter products; and

(h)

Isomerization—the refinery process of converting petroleum compounds into their isomers.

Heading rule: For the purposes of heading 2710, “direct blending” is a refinery process whereby various petroleum streams from
processing units and petroleum components from holding/storage tanks combine to create a finished product, with pre-determined
parameters, classified under heading 2710, provided that the nonoriginating material constitutes no more than 25 percent by volume of
the good.

Heading rule: For the purposes of determining whether or not a good of heading 2709 is an originating good, the origin of diluent of
headings 2709 or 2710 that is used to facilitate the transportation between USMCA countries of crude petroleum oils and crude oils
obtained from bituminous minerals of heading 2709 is disregarded, provided that the diluent constitutes no more than 40 percent by
volume of the good.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 2701 through 2703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2704 from any other heading.

A change to headings 2705 through 2706 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.91 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.60

USMCA

(B) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.91 from any other subheading within heading 2707, whether or not there is
also a change from any other heading, provided that the good resulting from such change is the product of a chemical reaction.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 2707.99 from any other heading;

(B) A change to phenols of subheading 2707.99 from within that subheading or any other subheading within heading 2707, whether
or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided that the good resulting from such change is the product of a chemical
reaction; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 2707.99 from phenols of that subheading or any other subheading within heading
2707, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,provided that the good resulting from such change is the product
of a chemical reaction.

6.

A change to headings 2708 through 2709 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(ii), subdivision (e)(i) applies to:

(a) nonoriginating light oils and preparations of subheading 2710.20 when used in the production of other goods of subheading

2710.20; and

(b) nonoriginating other oils of subheading 2710.20 when used in the production of light oils or preparations of subheading 2710.20.

7.

(A) A change to heading 2710 from any other heading, except from headings 2711 through 2715;

(B) Production of any good of heading 2710 as the result of atmospheric distillation, vacuum distillation, catalytic hydroprocessing,
catalytic reforming, alkylation, catalytic cracking, thermal cracking, coking or isomerization; or

(C) Production of any good of heading 2710 as the result of direct blending, provided that:

(1) The nonoriginating material is classified in chapter 27,

(2) No component of that nonoriginating material is classified under heading 2207, and

(3) The nonoriginating material constitutes no more than 25 percent by volume of the good.

8.

9.

A change to a good of subheading 2711.11 from within that subheading or any other subheading, provided that the nonoriginating
feedstock of subheading 2711.11 constitutes no more than 49 percent by volume of the good.

A change to a good of subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.14 from within those subheadings or any other subheading, including
another subheading within that group, provided that the nonoriginating feedstock of subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.14 constitutes
no more than 49 percent by volume of the good.

10. A change to subheading 2711.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.29.

11. A change to subheading 2711.21 from any other subheading.

12. A change to subheading 2711.29 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.12 through 2711.21.

13. A change to heading 2712 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheadings 2713.11 through 2713.12 from any other heading.

15. A change to a good of subheading 2713.20 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading, provided that the

nonoriginating feedstock of subheading 2713.20 constitutes no more than 49 percent by volume of the good.

16. A change to subheading 2713.90 from any other heading, except from headings 2710 through 2712, subheadings 2713.11 through

2713.20 or headings 2714 through 2715.

17. A change to heading 2714 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.61

USMCA

18. A change to heading 2715 from any other heading, except from subheading 2713.20 or heading 2714.

19. A change to heading 2716 from any other heading.

Chapter 28

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 2801.10 through 2853.00 from any other subheading, including another heading within that group; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 2801.10 through 2853.00, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 40 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 30 percent where the net cost method is used.

Chapter 29

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 2901.10 through 2942.00 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group;
or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 2901.10 through 2942.00, except for a good of subheading 2916.32
whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 40 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 30 percent where the net cost method is used.

Chapter 30

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 3001.20 through 3003.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

(A) A change to heading 3004 from any other heading, except from heading 3003; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 3004, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 3005.10 through 3005.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 3005.10 through 3005.90, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

5.

A change to subheadings 3006.10 through 3006.50 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

(A) A change to subheading 3006.60 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 3006.60, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 3006.70 from any other chapter, except from chapters 28 through 38; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 3006.70, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.62

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

7.

A change to subheadings 3006.91 through 3006.92 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Chapter 31

1.

A change to subheadings 3101.00 through 3105.90 from any other good within these subheadings or any other subheading, including
another subheading within that group.

Chapter 32

Chapter rule 1: Pigments or colouring materials classified under headings 3206 or 3212 shall be disregarded in determining the origin
of the goods classified under headings 3207 through 3215, except for any such pigments or materials based on titanium dioxide.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 3201.10 through 3202.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 3203 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

(A) A change to subheading 3205.00 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 3205.00, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 40 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 30 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheadings 3206.11 through 3206.42 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

(A) A change to pigments or preparations based on cadmium compounds of subheading 3206.49 from any other good of subheading
3206.49 or any other subheading;

(B) A change to pigments and preparations based on hexacyanoferrates (ferrocyanides and ferricyanides) of subheading 3206.49
from any other good of subheading 3206.49 or any other subheading; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 3206.49 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3206.50 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3207 through 3215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 33

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 3301.12 through 3301.13 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 3301.12 through 3301.13 provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

2.

(A) A change to essential oils of bergamot or lime of subheading 3301.19 from any other good of subheading 3301.19 or any other
subheading;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.63

USMCA

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3301.19 from any other chapter; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 3301.19, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 3301.24 through 3301.25 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

(A) A change to essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver of subheading 3301.29 from any other good of
subheading 3301.29 or any other subheading;

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3301.29 from any other chapter; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 3301.29, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

5.

(A) A change to subheadings 3301.30 through 3301.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 3301.30 through 3301.90, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to headings 3302 through 3303 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3304.10 through 3305.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 3306 through 3307 from any other heading.

6.

7.

8.

Chapter 34

1.

2.

A change to heading 3401 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 3402.11 through 3404.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group;
or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 3402.11 through 3404.90, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

3.

A change to headings 3405 through 3407 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 35

1.

(A) A change to heading 3501 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 3501, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.64

USMCA

2.

3.

(1) 65 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 65 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 3503.00 through 3507.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group;
or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 3503.00 through 3507.90, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 40 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 30 percent where the net cost method is used.

Chapter 36

1.

A change to headings 3601 through 3606 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 37

1.

2.

A change to headings 3701 through 3703 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 3704 through 3707 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 38

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 3801.10 through 3807.00 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group;
or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 3801.10 through 3807.00, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 40 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 30 percent where the net cost method is used.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 3808.50 through 3808.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
provided that not less than 50 percent by weight of the total active ingredient or ingredients is originating.

(A) A change to subheadings 3809.10 through 3821.00 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group;
or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 3809.10 through 3821.00, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 40 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 30 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

A change to heading 3822 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.65

USMCA

5.

(A) A change to subheadings 3823.11 through 3826.00 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group;
or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 3823.11 through 3826.00, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 40 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 30 percent where the net cost method is used.

Chapter 39

1.

A change to headings 3901 through 3915 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided that the
originating polymer content of headings 3901 through 3915 is not less than 50 percent by weight of the total polymer content.

2.

A change to headings 3916 through 3926 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 40

Chapter rule 1: For the purposes of the subdivisions pertaining to this chapter, whenever the subdivision designation is underscored,
the provisions of subdivision (k) of this note may apply to goods for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4002.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 4003 through 4004 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to headings 4005 through 4006 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, except from
heading 4001; or

(B) A change to headings 4005 through 4006 from heading 4001, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,
including another heading within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 25 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

A change to headings 4007 through 4008 from any heading outside that group.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 6 pertains to goods provided for in subheading 4009.11 for use
in a motor vehicle of chapter 87

5.

A change to subheading 4009.11 from any other heading, except from headings 4010 through 4017.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 6 pertains to goods provided for in subheading 4009.12 for use
in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

6.

(A) A change to tubes, pipes, or hoses of subheading 4009.12, of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items 8702.10.60,
8702.90.30 or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from any other heading,
except from headings 4010 through 4017;

(B) A change to tubes, pipes or hoses of subheading 4009.12, of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items 8702.10.60,
8702.90.30 or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from subheadings 4009.11
through 4017.00, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.66

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used, or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used; or

(C) A change to tubes, pipes or hoses of subheading 4009.12, other than those of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items
8702.10.60, 8702.90.30 or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from any
other heading, except from headings 4010 through 4017.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designation in subdivision 7 pertains to goods provided for in subheading 4009.21 for use in
a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

7.

A change to subheading 4009.21 from any other heading, except from headings 4010 through 4017.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 8 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 4009.22 for use in
a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

8.

(A) A change to tubes, pipes, or hoses of subheading 4009.22, of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items 8702.10.60,
8702.90.30 or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from any other heading,
except from headings 4010 through 4017;

(B) A change to tubes, pipes, or hoses of subheading 4009.22, of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items 8702.10.60,
8702.90.30 or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from subheadings 4009.11
through 4017.00, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

(C) A change to tubes, pipes, or hoses of subheading 4009.22, other than those of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items
8702.10.60, 8702.90.30 or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, orheading 8711, from any
other heading, except from headings 4010 through 4017.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 9 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 4009.31 for use in
a motor vehicle of chapter 87

9.

A change to subheading 4009.31 from any other heading, except from headings 4010 through 4017.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 10 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 4009.32 for use
in a motor vehicle of chapter 87

10.

(A) A change to tubes, pipes, or hoses of subheading 4009.32, of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items 8702.10.6, 8702.90.30
or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from any other heading, except from
headings 4010 through 4017;

(B) A change to tubes, pipes, or hoses of subheading 4009.32, of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items 8702.10.60,
8702.90.30 or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from subheadings 4009.11
through 4017.00, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used; or

(C) A change to tubes, pipes, or hoses of subheading 4009.32, other than those of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items
8702.10.60, 8702.90.30 or 8702.00.90, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from any
other heading, except from headings 4010 through 4017.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.67

USMCA

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designation in subdivision 11 pertains to goods provided for in subheading 4009.41 for use
in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

11 A change to subheading 4009.41 from any other heading, except from headings 4010 through 4017.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 12 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 4009.42 for use
in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

12.

(A) A change to tubes, pipes, or hoses of subheading 4009.42, of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items 8702.10.60,
8702.90.30 or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from any other heading,
except from headings 4010 through 4017;

(B) A change to tubes, pipes or hoses of subheading 4009.42, of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items 8702.10.6, 8702.90.30
or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from subheadings 4009.11 through
4017.00, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used; or

(C) A change to tubes, pipes or hoses of subheading 4009.42, other than those of a kind for use in a motor vehicle of tariff items
8702.10.60, 8702.90.30 or 8702.90.60, subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, 8704.21 or 8704.31, or heading 8711, from any
other heading, except from headings 4010 through 4017.

Heading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 13 pertain to goods provided for in headings 4010 through 4011 for
use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

13. A change to headings 4010 through 4011 from any other heading, except from headings 4009 through 4017.

14. A change to subheadings 4012.11 through 4012.19 from any subheading outside that group.

15. A change to subheadings 4012.20 through 4012.90 from any other heading.

16. A change to headings 4013 through 4015 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 17 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 4016.10 through
4016.95 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

17. A change to subheadings 4016.10 through 4016.95 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 18 and 19 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 4016.99
for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

18.

(A) A change to tariff items 4016.99.30 or 4016.99.55 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to tariff items 4016.99.30 or 4016.99.55 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

19. A change to subheading 4016.99 from any other heading.

20. A change to heading 4017 from any other heading.

Chapter 41

1.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4101 which have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is reversible
from any other good of heading 4101 or any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4101 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.68

USMCA

2.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4102 which have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is reversible
from any other good of heading 4102 or any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4102 from any other chapter.

3.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4103, except hides or skins of camels or dromedaries of heading 4103, which have
undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is reversible from any other good of heading 4103 or any other chapter;

(B) A change to hides or skins of camels or dromedaries of heading 4103 from any other chapter, except from chapter 43; or

(C) A change to any other good of heading 4103 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4104 from any other heading, except from 4107.

A change to subheading 4105.10 from heading 4102 or any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4105.30 from heading 4102, subheading 4105.10 or any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4106.21 from subheading 4103.10 or any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4106.22 from subheadings 4103.10 or 4106.21 or any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4106.31 from subheading 4103.30 or any other chapter.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to subheading 4106.32 from subheadings 4103.30 or 4106.31 or any other chapter.

11.

(A) A change to tanned hides and skins in the wet state (including wet-blue) of subheading 4106.40 from subheading 4103.20 or
any other chapter; or

(B) A change to crust hides and skins of subheading 4106.40 from subheading 4103.20 or tanned hides and skins in the wet state
(including wet-blue) of subheading 4106.40 or any other chapter.

12 A change to subheading 4106.91 from subheading 4103.90 or any other chapter.

13. A change to subheading 4106.92 from subheadings 4103.90 or 4106.91 or any other chapter.

14. A change to heading 4107 from heading 4101 or any other chapter.

15. A change to heading 4112 from heading 4102, subheading 4105.10 or any other chapter.

16. A change to heading 4113 from heading 4103, subheadings 4106.21 or 4106.31, tanned hides and skins in the wet state(including

wet-blue) of subheading 4106.40, subheading 4106.91 or any other chapter.

17. A change to heading 4114 from headings 4101 through 4103, subheadings 4105.10, 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91 or any other

chapter.

18. A change to subheadings 4115.10 through 4115.20 from headings 4101 through 4103 or any other chapter.

Chapter 42

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 4201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.11 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516, or fabric of
man-made fibers of subheading 5903.10, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5903.20, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading
5903.90, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5906.99 or fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5907.00.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.69

USMCA

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 4202.19 through 4202.21 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516, or fabric of
man-made fibers of subheading 5903.10, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5903.20, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading
5903.90, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5906.99 or fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5907.00.

A change to subheadings 4202.29 through 4202.31 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516, or fabric of
man-made fibers of subheading 5903.10, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5903.20, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading
5903.90, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5906.99 or fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5907.00.

A change to subheadings 4202.39 through 4202.91 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516, or fabric of
man-made fibers of subheading 5903.10, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5903.20, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading
5903.90, fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5906.99 or fabric of man-made fibers of subheading 5907.00.

10. A change to subheading 4202.99 from any other chapter.

11. A change to headings 4203 through 4206 from any other chapter.

Chapter 43

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 4301 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4302 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4303 through 4304 from any heading outside that group.

Chapter 44

1.

A change to headings 4401 through 4421 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 45

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 4501 through 4502 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to a good of subheading 4503.10 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

A change to subheading 4503.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 4504 from any other heading.

Chapter 46

1.

2.

A change to heading 4601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4602 from any other heading.

Chapter 47

1.

A change to headings 4701 through 4707 from any other chapter.

Chapter 48

1.

A change to heading 4801 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.70

USMCA

2.

(A) A change to paper or paperboard in strips or rolls of a width not exceeding 15 cm of heading 4802 from strips or rolls of a width
exceeding 15 cm of heading 4802 or any other heading, except from headings 4817 through 4823;

(B) A change to paper or paperboard in rectangular (including square) sheets with the larger dimension not exceeding 36 cm or
the other dimension not exceeding 15 cm in the unfolded state of heading 4802 from strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm of
heading 4802, paper or paperboard in rectangular (including square) sheets with the larger dimension exceeding 36 cm and the
other dimension exceeding 15 cm in the unfolded state of heading 4802 or from any other heading, except from headings 4817
through 4823; or

3.

4.

5.

(C) A change to any other good of heading 4802 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4803 through 4807 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4808 through 4809 from any heading outside that group.

(A) A change to paper or paperboard in strips or rolls of a width not exceeding 15 cm of heading 4810 from strips or rolls of a width
exceeding 15 cm of heading 4810, or from any other heading, except from headings 4817 through 4823;

(B) A change to paper or paperboard in rectangular (including square) sheets with the larger dimension not exceeding 36 cm or
the other dimension not exceeding 15 cm in the unfolded state of heading 4810 from strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm of
heading 4810, paper or paperboard in rectangular (including square) sheets with the larger dimension exceeding 36 cm and the
other dimension exceeding 15 cm in the unfolded state of heading 4810, or from any other heading, except from headings 4817
through 4823; or

C) A change to any other good of heading 4810 from any other chapter.

6.

(A) A change to paper or paperboard in strips or rolls of a width not exceeding 15 cm of heading 4811 from strips or rolls of a width
exceeding 15 cm of heading 4811, floor coverings on a base of paper or paperboard of heading 4811, or from any other heading,
except from headings 4817 through 4823;

(B) A change to paper or paperboard in rectangular (including square) sheets with the larger dimension not exceeding 36 cm or
the other dimension not exceeding 15 cm in the unfolded state of heading 4811 from strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm of
heading 4811, paper or paperboard in rectangular (including square) sheets with the larger dimension exceeding 36 cm and the
other dimension exceeding 15 cm in the unfolded state of heading 4811, floor coverings on a base of paper or paperboard of heading
4811 or any other heading, except from headings 4817 through 4823;

(C) A change to floor coverings on a base of paper or paperboard of heading 4811 from any other good of heading 4811 or any
other heading, except from heading 4814 or floor coverings on a base of paper or paperboard of subheading 4823.90; or

(D) A change to any other good of heading 4811 from floor coverings on a base of paper or paperboard of heading 4811 or any
other chapter.

A change to headings 4812 through 4813 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4814 from any other heading, except from floor coverings on a base of paper or paperboard of heading 4811.

A change to heading 4816 from any other heading, except from heading 4809.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to headings 4817 through 4822 from any heading outside that group, except from heading 4823.

11.

(A) A change to strips or rolls of a width of 15 cm or less of heading 4823 from strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm of heading
4823, other than strips or rolls of heading 4823 which, but for their width, would be classified in headings 4803, 4809 or 4814, floor
coverings on a base of paper or paperboard of heading 4823, or from any other heading, except from headings 4817 through 4822;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.71

USMCA

(B) A change to strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm of heading 4823 from floor coverings on a base of paper or paperboard
of heading 4823, or any other heading, except from headings 4817 through 4822;

(C) A change to floor coverings on a base of paper or paperboard of heading 4823 from any other good of heading 4823 or any
other heading, except from floor coverings on a base of paper or paperboard of headings 4811 or 4814; or

(D) A change to any other good of heading 4823 from strip or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm of heading 4823, other than strips
or rolls of heading 4823 which but for their width would be classified in headings 4803, 4809 or 4814, floor coverings on a base of
paper or paperboard of heading 4823, from or any other heading, except from strip or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm but not
exceeding 36 cm or paper or paperboard in rectangular (including square) sheets with one side not exceeding 15 cm in the unfolded
state of headings 4802, 4810 or 4811, or from headings 4817 through 4822.

Chapter 49

1.

A change to headings 4901 through 4911 from any other chapter.

Chapter 50

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Chapter 51

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5111 from any heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5112 through 5113, 5205 through 5206,
5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Subheading rule: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Canada and the territory of the United States of goods of subheading
5112.11, the following rules of origin apply:

(a) A change to woven fabrics (other than tapestry fabrics or upholstery fabrics of a weight not exceeding 140 grams per square
meter) of combed fine animal hair of subheading 5112.11 from yarn of combed camel hair or combed cashmere of subheading
5108.20 or any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5107, any other good of heading 5108, or headings 5109 through
5111, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404, or 5509 through 5510; or

(b) A change to any other good of subheading 5112.11 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5111 or 5113,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

For the purposes of all other trade of subheading 5112.11 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheading 5112.11 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5111 or 5113, 5205 through
5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Subheading rule: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Canada and the territory of the United States of goods of subheading
5112.19, the following rules of origin apply:

(a) A change to woven fabrics, other than tapestry or upholstery fabrics, of combed fine animal hair of subheading 5112.19 from
yarn of combed camel hair or combed cashmere of subheading 5108.20 or any other heading, except from headings 5106 through

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.72

USMCA

5107, any other good of heading 5108 or headings 5109 through 5111, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through
5510; or

(b) A change to any other good of subheading 5112.19 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5111,
5113, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

For the purposes of all other trade of subheading 5112.19 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheading 5112.19 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5111 or 5113, 5205 through
5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to subheadings 5112.20 through 5112.90 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5111 or 5113,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5113 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5112, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through
5404 or 5509 through 5510.

4.

5.

Chapter 52

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5405 or 5501 through 5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53

1,

2.

3.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5309 through 5311 from any other heading.

Chapter 54

1.

2.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through 5507.

(A) A change to woven fabric of non-textured polyester filaments of subheading 5407.61 from yarns, with a twist of 900 or more
turns per meter, wholly of polyesters other than partially oriented measuring no less than 75 decitex but not more than 80 decitex,
and having 24 filaments per yarn of subheadings 5402.44, 5402.47 or 5402.52, or any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through
5206 or 5509 through 5510.

3.

A change to heading 5408 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, or 5509 through
5510.

Chapter 55

1.

2.

A change to headings 5501 through 5508 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through 5405.

A change to subheadings 5509.11 through 5509.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401
through 5405.

Subheading rule: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Canada and the territory of the United States of goods of subheading
5509.31 the following rule of origin applies:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.73

USMCA

(a) A change to subheading 5509.31 from acid-dyeable acrylic tow of subheading 5501.30 or any other chapter, except from headings
5201 through 5203 or 5401 through 5405.

For the purposes of all other trade of subheading 5509.31 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheading 5509.31 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through 5405.

A change to subheadings 5509.32 through 5509.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401
through 5405.

A change to headings 5510 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through 5405.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

3.

4.

5.

Chapter 56

1.

2.

A change to headings 5601 through 5605 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

(A) A change to heading 5606 from flat yarns of subheading 5402.45 (flat yarns means 7 denier/5 filament, 10 denier/7 filament or
12 denier/5 filament, all of nylon 66, untextured (flat) semi-dull yarns, multifilament, untwisted or with a twist not exceeding 50 turns
per meter, of subheading 5402.45) or any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through
5311 or chapters 54 through 55; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 5606 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

3.

A change to headings 5607 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 57

1.

2.

A change to headings 5701 through 5702 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

A change to subheading 5703.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5311,
chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter rule 1: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Mexico and the territory of the United States of goods of subheadings
5703.20 through 5703.30 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheadings 5703.20 through 5703.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5311, chapters 54 or 55.

For the purposes of all other trade of subheadings 5703.20 through 5703.30 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheadings 5703.20 through 5703.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

3.

A change to subheading 5703.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5311,
chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Heading rule: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Mexico and the territory of the United States of goods of heading 5704
the following rule of origin applies:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.74

USMCA

(a) A change to heading 5704 from any chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5311, or chapters
54 or 55.

For the purposes of all other trade of heading 5704 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to heading 5704 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5311, chapter
54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

4.

A change to heading 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5311, chapter
54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58

1.

A change to subheadings 5801.10 through 5801.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

Subheading rule: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Canada and the territory of the United States of goods of subheading
5801.36 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheading 5801.36 from any other chapter, except headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, chapter 54, headings 5501 through 5502, subheadings 5503.10 through 5503.20 or 5503.40 through 5503.90 or headings
5504 through 5516.

For the purposes of all other trade of subheading 5801.36 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheading 5801.36 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

Subheading rule: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Canada and the territory of the United States of goods of subheading
5801.37 the following rules of origin apply:

(a) A change to warp pile fabrics, cut, of subheading 5801.37 (if such fabrics are fabrics with pile of dry-spun acrylic staple fibers
of subheading 5503.30 and dyed in the piece to a single uniform color) from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through
5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5501 through 5502, subheadings 5503.10 through 5503.20 or
5503.40 through 5503.90 or headings 5504 through 5516; or

(b) A change to any other good of subheading 5801.37 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

For the purposes of all other trade of subheading 5801.37 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheading 5801.37 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to subheading 5801.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5802 through 5811 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5310 through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

2.

3.

Chapter 59

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through
5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.75

USMCA

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60

1.

A change to headings 6001 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52,headings
5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 61

Chapter Rule 1: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to
the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements set
out in the rule for that good.

Chapter Rule 2: Effective on January 1, 2022, and notwithstanding chapter rule 1 of this chapter, a good of this chapter containing
fabrics of subheading 5806.20 or heading 6002 is originating only if such fabrics are both formed from yarn and finished in the territory
of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Chapter Rule 3: Effective July 1, 2021, and notwithstanding chapter rule 1 of this chapter, a good of this chapter containing sewing
thread of headings 5204, 5401 or 5508, or yarn of heading 5402 used as sewing thread shall be considered originating only if such
sewing thread is both formed and finished in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Chapter Rule 4: Effective January 1, 2022, and notwithstanding chapter rule 1 of this chapter, if a good of this chapter contains a pocket
or pockets, the pocket bag fabric must be formed and finished in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries from yarn wholly
formed in one or more of the USMCA countries.

1.

2.

A change to headings 6101 through 6102 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to
shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to subheading 6103.10 through 6103.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the goodis both cut (or
knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Subheading rule: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Mexico and the territory of the United States of goods of subheading
6103.23 the following rules of origin apply:

(a) A change to sweaters of subheading 6110.30 classified as part of an ensemble of subheading 6103.23 from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapters 54 or 55 or headings 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the
USMCA countries; or

(b) A change to any other good of subheading 6103.23 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both
cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

For the purposes of all other trade of subheading 6103.23 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheading 6103.23 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

3.

A change to subheadings 6103.29 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the goodis both cut (or
knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.76

USMCA

4.

A change to subheadings 6104.13 through 6104.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the goodis both cut (or
knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Subheading rule: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Mexico and the territory of the United States of goods of subheading
6104.23 the following rules of origin apply:

(a) A change to sweaters of subheading 6110.30 classified as part of an ensemble of subheading 6104.23 from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapters 54 or 55 or headings 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the
USMCA countries; or

(b) A change to any other good of subheading 6104.23 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both
cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

For the purposes of all other trade of subheading 6104.23 the following rule of origin applies:

5.

6.

7.

8.

(a) A change to subheading 6104.23 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to subheadings 6104.29 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the goodis both cut (or
knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to headings 6105 through 6106 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is bothcut (or knit to
shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to subheadings 6107.11 through 6107.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, or other made-up textile articles of
heading 9619, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more
of the USMCA countries.

(A) A change to subheading 6107.21 from circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn,
of subheading 6006.21, circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, of subheading
6006.22, circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, of subheading 6006.23 or circular
knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, of subheading 6006.24, provided that the good,
exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband or elastic, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries, and such goods will not be subject to chapter rules 2 through 4 of this
chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 6107.21 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

9.

A change to subheadings 6107.22 through 6107.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or
knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

10. A change to subheadings 6108.11 through 6108.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or
knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.77

USMCA

11.

(A) A change to subheading 6108.21 from circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn,
of subheading 6006.21, circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, of subheading
6006.22, circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, of subheading 6006.23 or circular
knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, of subheading 6006.24, provided that the good,
exclusive of waistband, elastic or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the
territory of one or more of the USMCA countries, and such goods will not be subject to chapter rules 2 through 4 of this chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 6108.21 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, or other made-up textile articles of heading 9619,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA
countries.

12. A change to subheadings 6108.22 through 6108.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, or other made-up textile articles of
heading 9619, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more
of the USMCA countries.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 6108.31 from circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn,
of subheading 6006.21, circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, of subheading
6006.22, circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, of subheading 6006.23 or circular
knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, of subheading 6006.24, provided that the good,
exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband, elastic or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries, and such goods will not be subject to chapter rules 2 through 4 of this
chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 6108.31 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

14. A change to subheadings 6108.32 through 6108.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or
knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

15. A change to heading 6109 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through

5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, or other made-up textile articles of heading 9619, provided
that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

16. A change to subheadings 6110.11 through 6110.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, or other made-up textile articles of
heading 9619, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more
of the USMCA countries.

Subheading rule: For the purposes of trade between the territory of Mexico and the territory of the United States of goods of subheading
6110.30 the following rules of origin apply:

(a) A change to sweaters of subheading 6110.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapters 54 or 55 or headings 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries; or

(b) A change to any other good of subheading 6110.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both
cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

For the purposes of all other trade of subheading 6110.30 the following rule of origin applies:

(a) A change to subheading 6110.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.78

USMCA

17. A change to subheading 6110.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, or other made-up textile articles of heading 9619,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA
countries.

18. A change to heading 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through

5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, or other made-up textile articles of heading 9619, provided
that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

19. A change to headings 6112 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to
shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Chapter 62

Chapter rule 1: Apparel goods of this chapter shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly of one or
more of the following:

(A) Velveteen fabrics of subheading 5801.23, containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton;

(B) Corduroy fabrics of subheading 5801.22, containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton and containing more than 7.5 wales
per centimeter;

(C) Fabrics of subheadings 5111.11 or 5111.19, if handwoven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven in the United Kingdom
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Authority, Ltd., and so certified by the Authority;

(D) Fabrics of subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 grams per square meter, containing wool, not less than20 percent
by weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 percent by weight of man-made staple fibers; or

(E) Batiste fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single yarns exceeding 76 metric count, containing
between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of a weight not exceeding 110 grams per square meter.

Such apparel goods shall not be subject to rules 3 through 5 of this chapter.

Chapter rule 2: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to
the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements set
out in the rule for that good.

Chapter rule 3: Effective January 1, 2022, and notwithstanding chapter rule 2 of this chapter, a good of this chapter containing fabrics
of subheading 5806.20 or heading 6002 is originating only if such fabrics are both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of one
or more of the USMCA countries.

Chapter rule 4: Effective 12 months from the date of entry into force of the agreement, and notwithstanding chapter rule 2 of this chapter,
a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of headings 5204, 5401 or 5508, or yarn of heading 5402 used as sewing thread shall
be considered originating only if such sewing thread is both formed and finished in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Chapter rule 5: For apparel made of blue denim fabric of subheadings 5209.42, 5211.42, 5212.24 and 5514.30, effective 30 months
from the date of entry into force of the agreement, and notwithstanding chapter rule 2 of this chapter, if such goods of this chapter contain
a pocket or pockets, the pocket bag fabric must be formed and finished in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries from yarn
wholly formed in one or more of the USMCA countries.

Chapter rule 6: For all other apparel, effective 18 months from the date of entry into force of the agreement, and notwithstanding chapter
rule 2 of this chapter, if a good of this chapter contains a pocket or pockets, the pocket bag fabric must be formed and finished in the
territory of one or more of the USMCA countries from yarn wholly formed in one or more of the USMCA countries.

1.

A change to headings 6201 through 6204 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided thatthe good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.79

USMCA

Subheading rule: Men’s or boys’ shirts of cotton or man-made fibers shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and assembled
in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly of one or
more of the following:

(a) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42, 5208.49, 5208.51, 5208.52
or 5208.59, other than 3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill, fabric of subheading 5208.59 of average yarn number exceeding
135 metric;

(b) Fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per
square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(c) Fabrics of subheadings 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per
square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(d) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per
square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

(e) Fabrics of subheadings 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 grams per square meter, having a dobby weave
created by a dobby attachment;

(f) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks per
square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

(g) Fabrics of subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter,
made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric;

(h) Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling
picks per square centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric, and characterized by a check
effect produced by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling; or

(i) Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored with vegetable
dyes, of average yarn number greater than 65 metric.

Such apparel goods shall not be subject to rules 3 through 5 of this chapter.

2.

3.

4.

A change to any other good of subheadings 6205.20 through 6205.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through
5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to subheading 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both
cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to heading 6206 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Subheading rule: Men’s or boys’ boxer shorts of cotton of subheading 6207.11 shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries, and if the plain weave fabric of the outer shell,
exclusive of waistbands, is wholly of one or more of the following:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.80

USMCA

a) Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, yarn-dyed, with a fiber content of 100 percent cotton, 95 to 100 grams per square meter, of
average yarn number 37 to 42 metric;

(b) Fabrics of subheading 5208.42, yarn-dyed, with a fiber content of 100 percent cotton, weighing not more than 105 grams per
square meter, of average yarn number 47 to 53 metric;

(c) Fabrics of subheading 5208.51, printed, with a fiber content of 100 percent cotton, 93 to 97 grams per square meter, of average
yarn number 38 to 42 metric;

(d) Fabrics of subheading 5208.52, printed, with a fiber content of 100 percent cotton, 112 to 118 grams per square meter, of
average yarn number 38 to 42 metric;

(e) Fabrics of subheading 5210.11, greige, with a fiber content of 51 to 60 percent cotton, 49 to 40 percent polyester, 100 to 112
grams per square meter, of average yarn number 55 to 65 metric;

(f) Fabrics of subheading 5210.41, yarn-dyed, with a fiber content of 51 to 60 percent cotton, 49 to 40 percent polyester, 77 to 82
grams per square meter, of average yarn number 43 to 48 metric;

(g) Fabrics of subheading 5210.41, yarn-dyed, with a fiber content of 51 to 60 percent cotton, 49 to 40 percent polyester, 85 to 90
grams per square meter, of average yarn number 69 to 75 metric;

(h) Fabrics of subheading 5210.51, printed, with a fiber content of 51 to 60 percent cotton, 49 to 40 percent polyester, 107 to 113
grams per square meter, of average yarn number 33 to 37 metric;

(i) Fabrics of subheading 5210.51, printed, with a fiber content of 51 to 60 percent cotton, 49 to 40 percent polyester, 92 to 98 grams
per square meter, of average yarn number 43 to 48 metric; or

(j) Fabrics of subheading 5210.51, printed, with a fiber content of 51 to 60 percent cotton, 49 to 40 percent polyester, 105 to 112
grams per square meter, of average yarn number 50 to 60 metric.

Such apparel goods shall not be subject to rules 3 through 5 of this chapter.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to any other good of subheading 6207.11 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, or other made-up
textile articles of heading 9619, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more
of the USMCA countries.

A change to subheadings 6207.19 through 6207.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,provided that the
good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to headings 6208 through 6211 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries. Such goods shall not be subject to rules 3 through 5 of this chapter.

A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

10. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.81

USMCA

Chapter 63

Chapter Rule 1: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to
the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements set
out in the rule for that good.

Chapter Rule 2: Effective January 1, 2022, and not withstanding chapter rule 1 of this chapter, for the purposes of determining the origin
of a good of this chapter, a good of this chapter containing fabrics of heading 5903 shall be considered originating only if all fabrics used
in the production of the fabrics of heading 5903 are formed and finished in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries. This
note shall not apply to goods of heading 6305, goods of subheadings 6306.12 or 6306.22 or goods of subheading 6307.90 that are not
surgical drapes or national flags.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 6301 through 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212
5310 through 5311, chapters 54 through 55, or headings 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both
cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to subheadings 6303.12 through 6303.91 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapters 54 through 55 or headings 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

(A) A change to curtains of subheading 6303.92 made of fabrics wholly of non-textured polyester filaments from yarn, with a twist
of 900 or more turns per meter, wholly of polyesters other than partially oriented, measuring not less than 75 decitex but not more
than 80 decitex, and having 24 filaments per yarn of subheadings 5402.44, 5402.47 or 5402.52, provided that the good is both cut
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries, and such goods will not be subject to
chapter rule 2 of this chapter;

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6303.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapters 54 through 55 or headings 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to subheading 6303.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapters 54 through 55 or headings 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or
knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries.

A change to headings 6304 through 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5310 through 5311, chapters 54 through 55 or headings 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, or other made-up textile articles
of heading 9619, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or
more of the USMCA countries.

Chapter 64

1

2.

A change to headings 6401 through 6405 from any heading outside that group, except from subheading 6406.10, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent under the net cost method.

A change to subheading 6406.10 from any other subheading, except from headings 6401 through 6405, provided there is a regional
value content of not less than 55 percent under the net cost method.

3.

A change to subheadings 6406.20 through 6406.90 from any other chapter.

Chapter 65

1.

2.

A change to headings 6501 through 6502 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 6504 through 6507 from any heading outside that group.

Chapter 66

1.

A change to heading 6601 from any other heading, except from a combination of both:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.82

USMCA

(A) subheading 6603.20; and

(B) headings 3920 through 3921, 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408, 5512
through 5516, 5602 through 5603, 5801 through 5811, 5901 through 5911 or 6001 through 6006.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 67

1.

(A) A change to heading 6701 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to a good of feather or down of heading 6701 from within that heading or any other heading.

2.

A change to headings 6702 through 6704 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 68

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 6801 through 6811 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to clothing, clothing accessories, footwear and headgear of subheading 6812.80 from any other subheading;

(B) A change to fabricated crocidolite fibers or mixtures with a basis of crocidolite or with a basis of crocidolite and magnesium
carbonate of subheading 6812.80 from any other chapter;

(C) A change to yarn or thread of subheading 6812.80 from any other good of subheading 6812.80 or any other subheading;

(D) A change to cords or string, whether or not plaited, of subheading 6812.80 from any other good of subheading 6812.80 or any
other subheading, except from woven or knitted fabric of subheading 6812.80;

(E) A change to woven or knitted fabric of subheading 6812.80 from any other good of subheading 6812.80 or any other subheading,
except from cords or string, whether or not plaited, of subheading 6812.80; or

(F) A change to any other good of subheading 6812.80 from fabricated crocidolite fibers or mixtures with a basis of crocidolite and
magnesium carbonate, yarn or thread, cords or string, whether or not plaited, or woven or knitted fabric of subheading 6812.80 or
from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 6812.91 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to fabricated asbestos fibers or mixtures with a basis of asbestos or with a basis of asbestos and magnesium carbonate
of subheading 6812.99 from any other chapter;

(B) A change to yarn or thread of subheading 6812.99 from any other good of subheading 6812.99 or any othersubheading;

(C) A change to cords or string, whether or not plaited, of subheading 6812.99 from any other good of subheading 6812.99 or any
other subheading, except from woven or knitted fabric of subheading 6812.99;

(D) A change to woven or knitted fabric of subheading 6812.99 from any other good of subheading 6812.99 or any other subheading,
except from cords or string, whether or not plaited, of subheading 6812.99; or

(E) A change to any other good of subheadings 6812.92 through 6812.99 from fabricated asbestos fibers or mixtures with a basis
of asbestos or with a basis of asbestos and magnesium carbonate, yarn or thread, cords or string, whether or not plaited, or woven
or knitted fabric of subheading 6812.99 or from any subheadingoutside that group.

A change to heading 6813 from any other heading.

A change to headings 6814 through 6815 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.83

USMCA

Chapter 69

1.

A change to headings 6901 through 6914 from any other chapter.

Chapter 70

Chapter rule 1: For the purposes of the subdivisions pertaining to this chapter, whenever the subdivision designation is underscored,
the provisions of subdivision (k) of this note may apply to goods for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to heading 7001 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.20 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7002.31 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7002.32 through 7002.39 from any other chapter.

Heading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 6 pertains to goods provided for in headings 7003 through 7008 for
use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

6.

A change to headings 7003 through 7008 from any heading outside that group, except from heading 7009.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 7 pertains to goods provided for in subheadings 7009.10 through
7009.91 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 7009.10 through 7009.91 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7008.

A change to subheading 7009.92 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 7010 through 7018 from any other chapter.

10. A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7018 or 7020.

11. A change to heading 7020 from any other chapter.

Chapter 71

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 7101 through 7105 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheadings 7106.10 through 7106.92 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group;
or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 7106.91, whether or not there is also a change from another subheading,
provided that the nonoriginating materials undergo electrolytic, thermal or chemical separation oralloying.

A change to heading 7107 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheadings 7108.11 through 7108.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group;
or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 7108.12, whether or not there is also a change from another subheading,
provided that the nonoriginating materials undergo electrolytic, thermal or chemical separation oralloying.

A change to heading 7109 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 7110.11 through 7110.49 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.84

USMCA

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7111 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7112 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7113 through 7118 from any heading outside that group.

Chapter 72

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 7202.11 through 7202.60 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7202.70 from any other chapter, except from subheading 2613.10.

A change to subheadings 7202.80 through 7202.99 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7203 through 7205 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7206 through 7207 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7208 through 7216 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 7217 from any other heading, except from headings 7213 through 7215.

A change to headings 7218 through 7222 from any heading outside that group.

10. A change to heading 7223 from any other heading, except from headings 7221 through 7222.

11. A change to headings 7224 through 7228 from any heading outside that group.

12. A change to heading 7229 from any other heading, except from headings 7227 through 7228.

Chapter 73

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 7301 through 7303 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 7304.11 through 7304.39 from any other chapter.

A change to tariff item 7304.41.30 from subheading 7304.49 or any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7304.41 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 7304.49 through 7304.90 from any other chapter.

Heading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020, until June 30, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to headings 7305 through 7307:

(a) A change to headings 7305 through 7307 from any other chapter.

Heading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to headings 7305 through 7307:

(a) A change to headings 7305 through 7307 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through
7326; or

(b) A change to headings 7305 through 7307 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least 70
percent by weight of the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 or headings 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of headings 7305 through 7307, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.85

USMCA

(i) 75 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii)

65 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020, until July 1, 2022, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.10:

(a) A change to subheading 7308.10 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed
on angles, shapes, or sections of heading 7216:

(i) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering, or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(ii) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(iii) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(iv) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H-sections or I-sections, provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors, or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(v) painting, galvanizing, or otherwise coating; or

(vi) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching, or
cutting, to create an article suitable as a column.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2022, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.10:

(a) A change to subheading 7308.10 from any other heading, except from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 or 7226; or

(b) A change to subheading 7308.10 from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 or 72.26, provided that at least 70 percent by weight
of the materials of headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 and 7226 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 7308.10 provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 75 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 65 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2022, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.20:

(a) A change to subheading 7308.20 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed
on angles, shapes, or sections of heading 7216:

(i) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering, or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(ii) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(iii) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(iv) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H-sections or I-sections, provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors, or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(v) painting, galvanizing, or otherwise coating; or

(vi) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching, or
cutting, to create an article suitable as a column.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2022, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.20:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.86

USMCA

(a) A change to subheading 7308.20 from any other heading, except from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 or 7226; or

(b) A change to subheading 7308.20 from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225, or 7226, provided that at least 70 percent by weight
of the materials of headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 and 7226 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 7308.20 provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 65 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 55 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2022, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.30:

(a) A change to subheading 7308.30 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed
on angles, shapes, or sections of heading 7216:

(i) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering, or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(ii) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(iii) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(iv) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H-sections or I-sections, provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors, or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(v) painting, galvanizing, or otherwise coating; or

(vi) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching, or
cutting, to create an article suitable as a column.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2022, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.30:

(a) A change to subheading 7308.30 from any other heading, except from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 or 7226;

(b) A change to subheading 7308.30 from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225, or 7226, provided that at least 70 percent by weight
of the materials of headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 and 7226 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 7308.30 provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 75 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 65 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2022, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.40:

(a) A change to subheading 7308.40 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed
on angles, shapes, or sections of heading 7216:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.87

USMCA

(i) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering, or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(ii) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(iii) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(iv) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H-sections or I-sections, provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors, or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(v) painting, galvanizing, or otherwise coating; or

(vi) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching, or
cutting, to create an article suitable as a column.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2022, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.40:

(a) A change to subheading 7308.40 from any other heading, except from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 or 7226;

(b) A change to subheading 7308.40 from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225, or 7226, provided that at least 70 percent by weight
of the materials of headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 and 7226 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 7308.40 provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 65 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 55 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2022, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.90:

(a) A change to subheading 7308.90 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed
on angles, shapes, or sections of heading 7216:

(i) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering, or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(ii) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(iii) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(iv) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H-sections or I-sections, provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors, or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(v) painting, galvanizing, or otherwise coating; or

(vi) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching, or
cutting, to create an article suitable as a column.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2022, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7308.90:

(a) A change to subheading 7308.90 from any other heading, except from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 or 7226;

(b) A change to subheading 7308.90 from headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225, or 7226, provided that at least 70 percent by weight of the
materials of headings 7208, 7211, 7216, 7225 and 7226 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 7308.90 provided there is a regional value content of not less than 65 percent
where the net cost method is used.

6.

A change to headings 7309 through 7311 from any heading outside that group.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to subheading 7312.10:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.88

USMCA

(a) A change to subheading 7312.10 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: Beginning on January 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7312.10:

(a) A change to subheading 7312.10 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326;

(b) A change to subheading 7312.10 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least 70 percent by weight
of the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 and 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 7312.10, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 75 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 65 percent where the net cost method is used.

7.

A change to subheading 7312.90 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to heading 7313:

(a) A change to heading 7313 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to heading 7313:

(a) A change to heading 7313 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326;

(b) A change to heading 7313 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least 70 percent by weight of
the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 and 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

c) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 7313, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 75 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 65 percent where the net cost method is used.

8.

A change to subheadings 7314.12 through 7314.14 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to subheading 7314.19:

(a) A change to subheading 7314.19 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 7314.19:

(a) A change to subheading 7314.19 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through7326;

(b) A change to subheading 7314.19 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least 70 percent by weight
of the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 and 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 7314.19, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 75 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 65 percent where the net cost method is used.

9.

A change to subheading 7314.20 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to subheadings 7314.31 through 7314.49:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.89

USMCA

(a) A change to subheadings 7314.31 through 7314.49 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheadings 7314.31 through 7314.49:

(a) A change to subheadings 7314.31 through 7314.49 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through
7326;

(b) A change to subheadings 7314.31 through 7314.49 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least
70 percent by weight of the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 and 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 7314.31 through 7314.49 provided there is a regional value content of not
less than:

(i) 75 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 65 percent where the net cost method is used.

10. A change to subheading 7314.50 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from subheading 7315.19, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

12. A change to subheading 7315.19 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.81 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.81 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2023, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheadings 7315.82 through
7315.89:

(a) A change to subheadings 7315.82 through 7315.89 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 7315.82 through 7315.89 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used, or

(ii) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheadings 7315.82 through 7315.89:

(a) A change to subheadings 7315.82 through 7315.89 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through
7326;

(b) A change to subheadings 7315.82 through 7315.89 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least
70 percent by weight of the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 and 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 7315.82 through 7315.89 provided there is a regional value content of not
less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.90

USMCA

(i) 75 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 65 percent where the net cost method is used.

14. A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other heading.

15. A change to heading 7316 from any other heading, except from headings 7312 or 7315.

Heading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to heading 7317:

(a) A change to heading 7317 from any other heading, except from heading 7318.

Heading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to heading 7317:

(a) A change to heading 7317 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326; or

(b) A change to heading 7317 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least 70 percent by weight of
the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 and 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 7317 provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 75 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 65 percent where the net cost method is used.

16. A change to heading 7318 from any other heading, except from heading 7317.

17. A change to headings 7319 through 7320 from any heading outside that group.

18. A change to tariff item 7321.11.30 from any other subheading, except from tariff items 7321.90.10, 7321.90.20 or 7321.90.40.

19.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 7321.11 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used, or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

20.

(A) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.89 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used, or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

21. A change to tariff item 7321.90.10 from any other tariff item.

22. A change to tariff item 7321.90.20 from any other tariff item.

23. A change to tariff item 7321.90.40 from any other tariff item.

24. A change to subheading 7321.90 from any other heading.

25. A change to headings 7322 through 7323 from any heading outside that group.

26.

(A) A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.91

USMCA

(B) A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29 from subheading 7324.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

27. A change to subheading 7324.90 from any other heading.

28. A change to headings 7325 through 7326 from any heading outside that group.

Chapter 74

1.

(A) A change to headings 7401 through 7403 from any other heading, including another heading within that group,except from heading
7404; or

(B) A change to headings 7401 through 7403 from heading 7404, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, including
another heading within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

2.

3.

A change to a good of heading 7404 from any other good within that heading or any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 7405 through 7407 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 7405 through 7407 from headings 7401 through 7402 or tariff item 7404.00.30, whether or not there is also a
change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

(A) A change to tariff item 7408.11.60 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to tariff item 7408.11.60 from headings 7401 through 7402 or tariff item 7404.00.30, whether or not there is also a change
from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 7408.11 from any other heading, except from heading 7407.

A change to subheadings 7408.19 through 7408.29 from any other heading, except from heading 7407.

A change to heading 7409 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7410 from any other heading, except from heading 7409.

A change to heading 7411 from any other heading, except from tariff items 7407.10.15, 7407.21.15, 7407.29.16 or heading 7409.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to heading 7412 from any other heading, except from heading 7411.

11.

(A) A change to heading 7413 from any other heading, except from headings 7407 through 7408; or

(B) A change to heading 7413 from headings 7407 through 7408, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.92

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

12. A change to headings 7415 through 7418 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

13. A change to subheading 7419.10 from any other heading, except from heading 7407.

14. A change to subheading 7419.91 from any other heading.

15. A change to a good of subheading 7419.99 from any other good within that subheading or any other heading.

Chapter 75

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 7501 through 7504 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 7505.11 through 7505.12 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7505.21 through 7505.22 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7505.21 through 7505.22 from subheadings 7505.11 through 7505.12, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided that, if bar or rod is used, the cross-sectional area of the bar or rod is reduced by at least 50 percent.

A change to tariff item 7506.10.05 from any other tariff item.

A change to tariff item 7506.20.05 from any other tariff item.

A change to heading 7506 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7507.11 through 7508.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Chapter 76

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7603 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7604 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7605 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 or 7606.

A change to heading 7606 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7607 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7608 through 7609 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7610 through 7613 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

10. A change to heading 7614 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7605.

11. A change to headings 7615 through 7616 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 78

1.

A change to headings 7801 through 7802 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.93

USMCA

2.

(A) A change to subheadings 7804.11 through 7804.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group; or

(B) A change to foil of a thickness not exceeding 0.15 mm (excluding backing) of subheading 7804.11 from within that subheading,
whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading.

3.

A change to a good of heading 7806 from any other good within that heading or any other heading.

Chapter 79

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 7901 through 7902 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 7904 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to wire of heading 7904 from within that heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
that, if bar or rod is used, the cross-sectional area of the bar or rod is reduced by at least 50 percent.

5.

(A) A change to heading 7905 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to foil of a thickness not exceeding 0.15 mm (excluding backing) of heading 7905 from within that heading, whether or not
there is also a change from any other heading.

6.

A change to a good of heading 7907 from any other good within that heading or any other heading.

Chapter 80

1.

2.

A change to headings 8001 through 8002 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to heading 8003 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to wire of heading 8003 from within that heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
that, if bar or rod is used, the cross-sectional area of the bar or rod is reduced by at least 50 percent.

3.

A change to a good of heading 8007 from any other good within that heading or any other heading.

Chapter 81

1

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 8101.10 through 8101.97 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to a good of subheading 8101.99 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 8102.10 through 8107.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

(A) A change to subheading 8108.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change from any other subheading whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 8108.30 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 8108.90 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.94

USMCA

(B) A change to subheading 8108.90 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change from any otherchapter, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 8109.20 through 8110.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

(A) A change to manganese powders or articles of manganese of heading 8111 from any other good of heading 8111; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 8111 from any other heading.

9.

A change to subheadings 8112.12 through 8112.59 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

10. A change to a good of any of subheadings 8112.92 through 8112.99 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading,

including another subheading within that group.

11. A change to heading 8113 from any other heading.

Chapter 82

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 8201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 8202.10 through 8202.20 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 8202.31 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8202.31 from subheading 8202.39, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheadings 8202.39 through 8202.99 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8203 through 8206 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 8207.13 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8207.13 from subheading 8207.19, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheadings 8207.19 through 8207.90 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8208 through 8210 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8211.10 from any other chapter.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 8211.91 through 8211.93 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8211.91 through 8211.93 from subheading 8211.95, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.95

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

11. A change to subheadings 8211.94 through 8211.95 from any other chapter.

12. A change to headings 8212 through 8215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 83

Chapter rule 1: For the purposes of the subdivisions pertaining to this chapter, whenever the subdivision designation is underscored, the
provisions of subdivision (k) of this note may apply to goods for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 1 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.50
for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.50 from subheading 8301.60, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheadings 8301.60 through 8301.70 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8302 through 8304 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from subheading 8305.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 8305.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8306 through 8307 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from subheading 8308.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 8308.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8309 through 8310 from any other chapter.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from subheading 8311.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.96

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

11. A change to subheading 8311.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 84

Chapter rule 1: For the purposes of this chapter, the term “printed circuit assembly” means a good consisting of one or more printed circuits
of heading 8534 with one or more active elements assembled thereon, with or without passive elements. For the purposes of this note, “active
elements” means diodes, transistors and similar semiconductor devices, whether or not photosensitive, of heading 8541 and integrated circuits
of heading 8542 and microassemblies of headings 8543 or 8548.

Chapter rule 2: For the purposes of subheading 8471.49, the origin of each unit presented within a system shall be determined in accordance
with the rule that would be applicable to such unit if it were presented separately and the rate of duty applicable to each unit presented within
a system shall be:

(a) in the case of the territory of Mexico, the rate that would be applicable to such unit if it were presented separately;and

(b) in the case of the territory of Canada and the territory of the United States, the rate that is applicable to such unit under the appropriate
tariff item within subheading 8471.49.

For the purposes of this rule, the term “unit presented within a system” shall mean:

(a) a separate unit as described in Note 5(B) to chapter 84 of the tariff schedule; or

(b) any other separate machine that is presented and classified with a system under subheading 8471.49.

Chapter rule 3: The following are parts for those goods of subheadings 8443.31 or 8443.32:

(a) control or command assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: printed circuit assembly; hard or flexible (floppy) disc
drive; keyboard; user interface;

(b) light source assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: light emitting diode assembly; gas laser; mirror polygon assembly;
base casting;

(c) laser imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: photoreceptor belt or cylinder; toner receptable unit; toner
developing unit; charge/discharge unit; cleaning unit;

(d) image fixing assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: fuser; pressure roller; heating element; release oil dispenser;
cleaning unit; electrical control;

(e) ink-jet marking assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: thermal print head; ink dispensing unit; nozzle and reservoir
unit; ink heater;

(f) maintenance/sealing assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: vacuum unit; ink-jet covering unit;sealing unit; purging
unit;

(g) paper handling assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: paper transport belt; roller; print bar;carriage; gripper roller;
paper storage unit; exit tray;

(h) thermal transfer imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: thermal print head, cleaning unit; supply or take-up
roller;

(i) ionographic imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: ion generation and emitting unit; air assist unit; printed
circuit assembly; charge receptor belt or cyclinder; toner receptacle unit; toner distribution unit;developer receptacle and distribution unit;
developing unit; charge/discharge unit; cleaning unit; or

(j) combinations of the above specified assemblies.

Chapter rule 4: The following are parts for facsimile machines:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.97

USMCA

(a) control or command assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: printed circuit assembly; modem; hard or flexible
(floppy) disc drive; keyboard; user interface;

(b) optics module assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: optics lamp; charge couples device and appropriate optics;
lenses; mirror;

(c) laser imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: photoreceptor belt or cylinder; toner receptacle unit; toner
developing unit; charge/discharge unit; cleaning unit;

(d) ink-jet marking assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: thermal print head; ink dispensing unit; nozzle and reservoir
unit; ink heater;

(e) thermal transfer imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: thermal print head, cleaning unit; supply or take-up
roller;

(f) ionographic imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: ion generation and emitting unit; air assist unit; printed
circuit assembly; charge receptor belt or cyclinder; toner receptacle unit; toner distribution unit; developer receptacle and distribution
unit; developing unit; charge/discharge unit; cleaning unit;

(g) image fixing assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: fuser; pressure roller; heating element; release oil dispenser;
cleaning unit; electrical control;

(h) paper handling assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: paper transport belt; roller; print bar; carriage; gripper roller;
paper storage unit; exit tray; or

(i) combinations of the above specified assemblies.

Chapter rule 5: The following are parts for photocopying apparatus of subheadings 8443.32 and 8443.39 which refer to this rule:

(a) imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: photoreceptor belt or cylinder; toner receptacle unit; toner distribution
unit; developer receptacle unit; developer distribution unit; charge/discharge unit; cleaning unit;

(b) optics assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: lens; mirror; illumination source; document exposure glass;

(c) user control assemblies incorporating more than one of the following: printed circuit assembly; power supply; user input keyboard;
wiring harness; display unit (cathode-ray type or flat panel);

(d) image fixing assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: fuser; pressure roller; heating element; release oil dispenser;
cleaning unit; electrical control;

(e) paper handling assemblies incorporating more than one of the following: paper transport belt; roller; print bar; carriage; gripper roller;
paper storage unit; exit tray;

(f) or combinations of the above specified assemblies.

Chapter rule 6: The origin of each unit presented within a system shall be determined as though each unit were presented separately and
were classified under the appropriate tariff provision for that unit.

Chapter rule 7: For the purposes of the subdivisions pertaining to this chapter, whenever the subdivision designation is underscored, the
provisions of subdivision (k) of this note may apply to goods for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from subheading 8401.40, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

2.

A change to subheading 8401.40 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.98

USMCA

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 8402.11 through 8402.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8402.11 through 8402.20 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8402.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8403.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8403.10 from subheading 8403.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 8403.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 8404.10 through 8404.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8404.10 through 8404.20 from subheading 8404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 8404.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 8405.10 from any other heading; or

6.

7.

8.

9.

(B) A change to subheading 8405.10 from subheading 8405.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

10. A change to subheading 8405.90 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheading 8406.10 from any other subheading.

12. A change to subheadings 8406.81 through 8406.82 from any subheading outside that group.

13.

(A) A change to tariff items 8406.90.20 or 8406.90.50 from tariff items 8406.90.30 or 8406.90.60 or any other heading;or

(B) A change to tariff item 8406.90.20 or 8406.90.50 from any other good within subheading 8406.90, whether or not there is also a
change from tariff items 8406.90.30 or 8406.90.60 or any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.99

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

14.

(A) A change to tariff item 8406.90.40 or 8406.90.70 from any other tariff item; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of tariff items 8406.90.40 or 8406.90.70, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

15. A change to subheading 8406.90 from any other heading.

16. A change to subheadings 8407.10 through 8407.29 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(B) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 17 through 19 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8407.31
through 8407.34 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

17. For a good of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A)No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than 75 percent under the net cost method.

18. For a good of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34 for use in a heavy truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

19. For any other good of headings 8407.31 through 8407.34:

(A) A change to subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

20. A change to subheading 8407.90 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheading 8408.10 from any other subheading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 22 through 24 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8408.20
for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

22. For a compression-ignition internal combustion piston engine of subheading 8408.20 used for a light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8408.20, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 85 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 75 percent where the net cost method is used.

23. For a good of subheading 8408.20 for use in a heavy truck:

(A) A change to subheading 8408.20 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.100

USMCA

(1) 80 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 70 percent where the net cost method is used.

24. For any other good of subheading 8408.20:

(A) A change to subheading 8408.20 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

25. A change to subheading 8408.90 from any other subheading.

26. A change to subheading 8409.10 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 27 through 29 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8409.91
for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

27. For a good of subheading 8409.91 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8409.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 75
percent under the net cost method.

28. For a good of subheading 8409.91 for use in a heavy truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8409.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70
percent under the net cost method.

29. For any other good of subheading 8409.91:

(A) A change to subheading 8409.91 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8409.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 30 through 32 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8409.99
for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

30. For a good of subheading 8409.99 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8409.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 75
percent under the net cost method.

31. For a good of subheading 8409.99 for use in a heavy truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8409.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70
percent under the net cost method.

32. For any other good of subheading 8409.99:

(A) A change to subheading 8409.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8409.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.101

USMCA

33.

(A) A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from subheading 8410.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

34. A change to subheading 8410.90 from any other heading.

35. A change to subheadings 8411.11 through 8411.82 from any subheading outside that group.

36. A change to subheading 8411.91 from any other heading.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8411.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8411.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

38. A change to subheadings 8412.10 through 8412.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

39. A change to subheading 8412.90 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 40 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8413.11 through
8413.82 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

40.

(A) A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from subheadings 8413.91 through 8413.92, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

41. A change to subheading 8413.91 from any other heading.

42.

(A) A change to subheading 8413.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8413.92, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

43.

(A) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.20 from subheading 8414.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.102

USMCA

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designation in subdivision 44 pertains to goods provided for in subheading 8414.30 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

44. A change to subheading 8414.30 from any other subheading, except from tariff item 8414.90.30.

45.

(A) A change to subheading 8414.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8414.40 from subheading 8414.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

46. A change to subheading 8414.51 from any other subheading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 47 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8414.59 through
8414.80 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

47.

(A) A change to subheadings 8414.59 through 8414.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8414.59 through 8414.80 from subheading 8414.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

48.

(A) A change to subheading 8414.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8414.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

49.

(A) A change to self-contained window or wall type air conditioning machines of subheading 8415.10 from any other subheading, except
from tariff item 8415.90.40 or assemblies incorporating more than one of the following: compressor, condenser, evaporator, connecting
tubing;

(B) A change to “split-systems” of subheading 8415.10 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8415.20 through 8415.83,
tariff item 8415.90.40 or assemblies incorporating more than one of the following: compressor, condenser, evaporator, connecting tubing;
or

(C) A change to “split-systems” of subheading 8415.10 from tariff item 8415.90.40 or assemblies incorporating more than one of the
following: compressor, condenser, evaporator, connecting tubing, whether or not there is also a change from subheadings 8415.20
through 8415.83, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 50 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8415.20 through
8415.83 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

50.

(A) A change to subheadings 8415.20 through 8415.83 from any subheading outside that group, except from “split-systems” of subheading
8415.10, tariff item 8415.90.40 or assemblies incorporating more than one of the following: compressor, condenser, evaporator, connecting
tubing; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.103

USMCA

(B) A change to subheadings 8415.20 through 8415.83 from tariff item 8415.90.40 or assemblies incorporating more than one of the
following: compressor, condenser, evaporator, connecting tubing, whether or not there is also a change from any subheading outside
that group, except from “split-systems” of subheading 8415.10, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

51. A change to tariff item 8415.90.40 from any other tariff item.

52. A change to subheading 8415.90 from any other heading.

53.

(A) A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8416.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8416.30 from subheading 8416.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

54. A change to subheading 8416.90 from any other heading.

55.

(A) A change to subheadings 8417.10 through 8417.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8417.10 through 8417.80 from subheading 8417.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

56. A change to subheading 8417.90 from any other heading.

57. A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.21 from any subheading outside that group, except from subheading 8418.91, tariff
item 8418.99.40 or assemblies incorporating more than one of the following: compressor, condenser, evaporator, connecting tubing.

58.

(A) A change to absorption-type electrical household refrigerators of subheading 8418.29 from any other heading;

(B) A change to absorption-type electrical household refrigerators of subheading 8418.29 from subheadings 8418.91 through 8418.99,
whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8418.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8418.30, 8418.40 or
8418.91, door assemblies incorporating more than one of the following: inner panel, outer panel, insulation, hinges, handles of subheading
8418.99 or assemblies incorporating more than one of the following: compressor, condenser, evaporator, connecting tubing.

59. A change to subheadings 8418.30 through 8418.40 from any subheading outside that group, except from any good, other than

absorption-type electrical household refrigerators, of subheadings 8418.29 or 8418.91, door assemblies incorporating more than one of
the following: inner panel, outer panel, insulation, hinges, handles of subheading 8418.99 or assemblies incorporating more than one of
the following: compressor, condenser, evaporator, connecting tubing.

60.

(A) A change to subheadings 8418.50 through 8418.69 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8418.50 through 8418.69 from subheadings 8418.91 through 8418.99, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.104

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

61. A change to subheading 8418.91 from any other subheading.

62. A change to tariff item 8418.99.40 from any other tariff item.

63. A change to subheading 8418.99 from any other heading.

64.

(A) A change to subheadings 8419.11 through 8419.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8419.11 through 8419.89 from subheading 8419.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

65.

(A) A change to subheading 8419.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8419.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

66.

(A) A change to subheading 8420.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8420.10 from subheadings 8420.91 through 8420.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

67. A change to subheadings 8420.91 through 8420.99 from any other heading.

68.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8421.11 from subheading 8421.91, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

69. A change to subheading 8421.12 from any other subheading, except from tariff items 8421.91.20, 8421.91.40 or 8537.10.30.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 70 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8421.19 through
8421.39 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

70.

(A) A change to subheadings 8421.19 through 8421.39 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8421.19 through 8421.39 from subheadings 8421.91 through 8421.99, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.105

USMCA

71. A change to tariff item 8421.91.20 from any other tariff item.

72. A change to tariff item 8421.91.40 from any other tariff item.

73. A change to subheading 8421.91 from any other heading.

74.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8421.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

75. A change to subheading 8422.11 from any other subheading, except from tariff items 8422.90.02, 8422.90.04, 8537.10.30 or water
circulation systems incorporating a pump, whether or not motorized, and auxiliary apparatus for controlling, filtering, or dispersing a
spray.

76.

(A) A change to subheadings 8422.19 through 8422.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8422.19 through 8422.40 from subheading 8422.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

77. A change to tariff item 8422.90.02 from any other tariff item.

78. A change to tariff item 8422.90.04 from any other tariff item.

79. A change to subheading 8422.90 from any other heading.

80.

(A) A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.89 from subheading 8423.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

81. A change to subheading 8423.90 from any other heading.

82. A change to subheadings 8424.10 through 8424.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

83. A change to subheading 8424.90 from any other heading.

84.

(A) A change to headings 8425 through 8426 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, except from heading
84.31; or

(B) A change to headings 8425 through 8426 from heading 8431, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, including
another heading within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

85.

(A) A change to tariff item 8427.10.40 from any other heading, except from subheadings 8431.20 or 8483.40 or heading 8501; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.106

USMCA

(B) A change to tariff item 8427.10.40 from subheadings 8431.20 or 8483.40 or heading 8501, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

86.

(A) A change to subheading 8427.10 from any other heading, except from subheading 8431.20; or

(B) A change to subheading 8427.10 from subheading 8431.20, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

87. A change to subheading 8427.20 from any other subheading.

88.

(A) A change to subheading 8427.90 from any other heading, except from subheading 8431.20; or

(B) A change to subheading 8427.90 from subheading 8431.20, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

89. A change to subheadings 8428.10 through 8430.69 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

90.

(A) A change to subheadings 8431.10 through 8431.49 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 8431.10 through 8431.49, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

91. A change to subheadings 8432.10 through 8432.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

92. A change to subheading 8432.90 from any other heading.

93. A change to subheadings 8433.11 through 8433.60 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

94. A change to subheading 8433.90 from any other heading.

95.

(A) A change to subheadings 8434.10 through 8434.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8434.10 through 8434.20 from subheading 8434.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

96. A change to subheading 8434.90 from any other heading.

97. A change to a good of subheading 8435.10 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

98. A change to subheading 8435.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.107

USMCA

99. A change to subheadings 8436.10 through 8436.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within thatgroup.

100. A change to subheadings 8436.91 through 8436.99 from any other heading.

101. (A) A change to subheadings 8437.10 through 8437.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8437.10 through 8437.80 from subheading 8437.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

102. A change to subheading 8437.90 from any other heading.

103. (A) A change to subheadings 8438.10 through 8438.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8438.10 through 8438.80 from subheading 8438.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

104. A change to subheading 8438.90 from any other heading.

105. (A) A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8439.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8439.30 from subheadings 8439.91 through 8439.99, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

106. A change to subheadings 8439.91 through 8439.99 from any other heading.

107. (A) A change to subheading 8440.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8440.10 from subheading 8440.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

108. A change to subheading 8440.90 from any other heading.

109. (A) A change to subheadings 8441.10 through 8441.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8441.10 through 8441.80 from subheading 8441.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

110. (A) A change to subheading 8441.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8441.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.108

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

111. (A) A change to subheading 8442.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8442.30 from subheadings 8442.40 through 8442.50, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

112. A change to subheadings 8442.40 through 8442.50 from any other heading.

113. (A) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.19 from any other subheading within that group or subheading 8443.91, whether
or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content ofnot less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

114. A change to a good of any of subheadings 8443.31 through 8443.39 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading,

including another subheading within that group.

115. (A) A change to subheading 8443.91 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to a good of subheading 8443.91 from any other good within that subheading, whether or not there is also a change from
any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

116. A change to a good of subheading 8443.99 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

117. (A) A change to headings 8444 through 8447 from any heading outside that group, except from heading 8448; or

(B) A change to headings 8444 through 8447 from heading 8448, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

118. (A) A change to subheadings 8448.11 through 8448.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8448.11 through 8448.19 from subheadings 8448.20 through 8448.59, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

119. A change to subheadings 8448.20 through 8448.59 from any other heading.

120. A change to heading 8449 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.109

USMCA

121. A change to subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20 from any subheading outside that group, except from tariff items 8450.90.20,

8450.90.40, or 8537.10.30 or washer assemblies incorporating more than one of the following: agitator, motor, transmission, clutch.

122. A change to tariff item 8450.90.20 from any other tariff item.

123. A change to tariff item 8450.90.40 from any other tariff item.

124. A change to subheading 8450.90 from any other heading.

125. (A) A change to subheading 8451.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8451.10 from subheading 8451.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

126. A change to subheadings 8451.21 through 8451.29 from any subheading outside that group, except from tariff items 8451.90.30 or

8451.90.60 or subheading 8537.10.

127. (A) A change to subheadings 8451.30 through 8451.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8451.30 through 8451.80 from subheading 8451.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

128. A change to tariff item 8451.90.30 from any other tariff item.

129. A change to tariff item 8451.90.60 from any other tariff item.

130. A change to subheading 8451.90 from any other heading.

131. (A) A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.30 from subheading 8452.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

132. A change to subheading 8452.90 from any other heading.

133. (A) A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from subheading 8453.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

134. A change to subheading 8453.90 from any other heading.

135. (A) A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.110

USMCA

(B) A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from subheading 8454.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

136. A change to subheading 8454.90 from any other heading.

137. A change to subheadings 8455.10 through 8455.22 from any subheading outside that group, except from tariff item 8455.90.40.

138. (A) A change to subheading 8455.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8455.30 from subheading 8455.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

139. A change to subheading 8455.90 from any other heading.

140. A change to subheading 8456.10 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(B) subheading 8537.10,

(C) subheading 9013.20.

141. A change to subheadings 8456.20 through 8456.30 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

142. (A) A change to water-jet cutting machinery of subheading 8456.90 from any other good within that subheading, subheadings 8456.10

through 8456.30 or any other heading, except from subheading 8466.93 or heading 8479;

(B) A change to water-jet cutting machinery of subheading 8456.90 from subheading 8466.93, whether or not there is also a change
from any other good within subheading 8456.90, subheadings 8456.10 through 8456.30 or any other heading, except from heading 8479,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used, or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8456.90 from water-jet cutting machinery within that subheading or any other heading,
except from more than one of the following:

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(4) subheading 8537.10.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.111

USMCA

143. A change to heading 8457 from any other heading, except from heading 8459 or more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

144. A change to subheading 8458.11 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

145. A change to subheading 8458.19 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

146. A change to subheading 8458.91 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

147. A change to subheading 8458.99 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

148. A change to subheading 8459.10 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

149. (A) A change to subheading 8459.21 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following: [Compiler's note: the following

numbered provisions 1-4 are subordinate to this subdivision.]

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(4) subheading 8537.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8459.21 from more than one of the following:

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(4) subheading 8537.10,

(C) Whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.112

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

150. A change to subheading 8459.29 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

151. (A) A change to subheading 8459.31 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following: [Compiler's note: the following

subdivisions 1-4 are subordinate to this subdivivsion.]

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(4) subheading 8537.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8459.31 from more than one of the following:

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

4) subheading 8537.10,

(C) Whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

152. A change to subheading 8459.39 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53, or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

153. (A)A change to subheadings 8459.40 through 8459.51 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following: [Compiler's

note: The following subdivisions 1-4 are subordinate to this subdivision.]

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(4) subheading 8537.10; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8459.40 through 8459.51 from more than one of the following:

(1) subheading 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52, or

(4) subheading 8537.10,

(C) Whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.113

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

154. A change to subheading 8459.59 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

155. (A) A change to subheading 8459.61 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following: [Compiler's note: The following

subdivisions 1-4 are subordinate to this subdivision.]

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(4) subheading 8537.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8459.61 from more than one of the following:

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(4) subheading 8537.10,

(C) Whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

156. A change to subheading 8459.69 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

157. (A) A change to tariff item 8459.70.40 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following: [Compiler's note: The following

subdivisions 1-4 are subordinate to this subdivision.]

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(4) subheading 8537.10; or

(B) A change to tariff item 8459.70.40 from more than one of the following:

(1) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(2) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(3) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(4) subheading 8537.10;

(C) Whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.114

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

158. A change to subheading 8459.70 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

159. A change to subheading 8460.11 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

160. A change to subheading 8460.19 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

161. A change to subheading 8460.21 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

162. A change to subheading 8460.29 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

163. A change to subheading 8460.31 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

164. A change to subheading 8460.39 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

165. A change to tariff item 8460.40.40 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

166. A change to subheading 8460.40 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

167. A change to tariff item 8460.90.40 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.115

USMCA

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

168. A change to subheading 8460.90 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,or subheadings

8501.32 or 8501.52.

169. A change to tariff item 8461.20.40 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

170. A change to subheading 8461.20 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53.

171. A change to tariff item 8461.30.40 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

172. A change to subheading 8461.30 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53.

173. A change to subheading 8461.40 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53.

174. A change to tariff item 8461.50.40 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

175. A change to subheading 8461.50 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53.

176. A change to tariff item 8461.90.30 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53,

(C) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(D) subheading 8537.10.

177. A change to subheading 8461.90 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.93.15, 8466.93.30 or 8466.93.53.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.116

USMCA

178. A change to subheading 8462.10 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.94.20, 8466.94.65, 8483.50.40, 8483.50.60 or

8483.50.90.

179. A change to subheading 8462.21 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.94.20 or 8466.94.65,

(C) tariff items 8483.50.40, 8483.50.60 or 8483.50.90,

(D) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(E) subheading 8537.10.

180. A change to subheading 8462.29 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.94.20, 8466.94.65, 8483.50.40, 8483.50.60 or

8483.50.90.

181. A change to subheading 8462.31 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.94.20 or 8466.94.65,

(C) tariff items 8483.50.40, 8483.50.60 or 8483.50.90,

(D) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(E) subheading 8537.10.

182. A change to subheading 8462.39 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.94.20, 8466.94.65, 8483.50.40, 8483,.50.60 or

8483.50.90.

183. A change to subheading 8462.41 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.94.20 or 8466.94.65,

(C) tariff items 8483.50.40, 8483.50.60 or 8483.50.90,

(D) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(E) subheading 8537.10.

184. A change to subheading 8462.49 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.94.20, 8466.94.65, 8483.50.40, 8483.50.60 or

8483.50.90.

185. A change to subheading 8462.91 from any other heading.

186. A change to tariff item 8462.99.40 from any other heading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) subheadings 8413.50 through 8413.60,

(B) tariff items 8466.94.20 or 8466.94.65,

(C) tariff items 8483.50.40, 8483.50.60 or 8483.50.90,

(D) subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52,

(E) subheading 8537.10.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.117

USMCA

187. A change to subheading 8462.99 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.94.20, 8466.94.65, 8483.50.40, 8483.50.60 or

8483.50.90.

188. A change to heading 8463 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8466.94.20, 8466.94.65, 8483.50.40, 8483.50.60 or 8483.50.90

or subheadings 8501.32 or 8501.52.

189. (A) A change to heading 8464 from any other heading, except from subheading 8466.91; or

(B) A change to heading 8464 from subheading 8466.91, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

190. (A) A change to heading 8465 from any other heading, except from subheading 8466.92; or

(B) A change to heading 8465 from subheading 8466.92, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

191. (A) A change to heading 8466 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 8466 provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

192. (A) A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.19 from subheadings 8467.91 or 8467.92, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

193. (A) A change to subheadings 8467.21 through 8467.29 from any subheading outside that group, except from housings of subheadings

8467.91 or 8467.99 or heading 8501; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8467.21 through 8467.29 from housings of subheadings 8467.91 or 8467.99 or heading 8501, whether or
not there is also a change from any subheading outside that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

194. (A) A change to subheadings 8467.81 through 8467.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8467.81 through 8467.89 from subheadings 8467.91 or 8467.99, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

195. A change to subheadings 8467.91 through 8467.99 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.118

USMCA

196. (A) A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from subheading 8468.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

197. A change to subheading 8468.90 from any other heading.

198. (A) A change to word-processing machines of heading 8469 from any other heading, except from heading 8473; or

(B) A change to word-processing machines of heading 8469 from heading 8473, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method;

(C) A change to any other good of heading 8469 from any other heading, except from heading 8473; or

(D) A change to any other good of heading 8469 from heading 8473, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

199. (A) A change to heading 8470 from any other heading, except from heading 8473; or

(B) A change to heading 8470 from heading 8473, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a
regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

200. A change to a good of subheading 8471.30 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading, except from subheadings

8471.41 through 8471.50.

201. A change to a good of subheading 8471.41 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading, except from subheadings

8471.30 or 8471.49 through 8471.50.

202. (A) A change to analogue or hybrid automatic data processing machines ofsubheading 8471.50 from any other heading, except from

heading 8473; or

(B) A change to analogue or hybrid automatic data processing machines of subheading 8471.50 from heading 8473, whether or not
there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8471.50 from analogue or hybrid automatic data processing machines of subheading
8471.50 or any other subheading, except from subheadings 8471.30 through 8471.49.

203. A change to subheading 8471.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8471.49.

204. A change to subheading 8471.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8471.49.

205. A change to tariff item 8471.80.10 from any other tariff item, except from subheading 8471.49.

206. A change to tariff item 8471.80.40 from any other tariff item, except from subheading 8471.49.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.119

USMCA

207. A change to any other tariff item within subheading 8471.80 from tariff items 8471.80.10 or 8471.80.40 or any other subheading, except

from subheading 8471.49.

208. A change to subheading 8471.90 from any other subheading.

209. (A) A change to heading 8472 from any other heading, except from heading 8473; or

(B) A change to heading 8472 from heading 8473, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a
regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

210. A change to tariff items 8473.10.20 and 8473.10.40 from any other heading.

211. (A) A change to tariff item 8473.10.60 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of tariff item 8473.10.60, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

212. A change to subheading 8473.10 from any other heading.

213. (A) A change to subheading 8473.21 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8473.21, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

214. (A) A change to subheading 8473.29 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8473.29, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

215. A change to tariff item 8473.30.11 from any other tariff item.

216. A change to tariff item 8473.30.20 from any other tariff item.

217. (A) A change to subheading 8473.30 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8473.30, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

218. (A) A change to subheading 8473.40 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8473.40, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.120

USMCA

219. A change to tariff item 8473.50.30 from any other tariff item.

220. A change to tariff item 8473.50.60 from any other tariff item.

Subheading rule: The alternative rule which contains a regional value content requirement does not apply to a part or accessory provided
for in subheading 8473.50 if that part or accessory is used in the production of a good provided for in subheading 8469.00 or heading 8471.

221. (A) A change to subheading 8473.50 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8473.50, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

222. (A) A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from subheading 8474.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

223. (A) A change to subheading 8474.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8474.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

224. (A) A change to subheadings 8475.10 through 8475.29 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8475.10 through 8475.29 from subheading 8475.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

225. A change to subheading 8475.90 from any other heading.

226. (A) A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from subheading 8476.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

227. A change to subheading 8476.90 from any other heading.

228. A change to subheading 8477.10 from any other subheading, except from tariff item 8477.90.25 or more than one of the following:

(A) Tariff item 8477.90.45,

(B) Subheading 8537.10.

229. A change to subheading 8477.20 from any other subheading, except from tariff item 8477.90.25 or more than one of the following:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.121

USMCA

(A) Tariff item 8477.90.45,

(B) Subheading 8537.10.

230. A change to subheading 8477.30 from any other subheading, except from tariff item 8477.90.25 or more than one of the following:

(A) Tariff item 8477.90.65,

(B) Subheading 8537.10.

231. (A) A change to subheadings 8477.40 through 8477.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8477.40 through 8477.80 from subheading 8477.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

232. A change to subheading 8477.90 from any other heading.

233. (A) A change to subheading 8478.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8478.10 from subheading 8478.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

234. A change to subheading 8478.90 from any other heading.

235. A change to subheadings 8479.10 through 8479.82 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 236 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8479.89 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

236. (A) A change to trash compactors of subheading 8479.89 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8479.89 from any other subheading.

237. A change to tariff item 8479.90.45 from any other tariff item.

238. A change to tariff item 8479.90.55 from any other tariff item.

239. A change to tariff item 8479.90.65 from any other tariff item.

240. A change to tariff item 8479.90.75 from any other tariff item.

241. A change to subheading 8479.90 from any other heading.

242. A change to heading 8480 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 243 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8481.10 through
8481.30 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

243. (A) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.30 from subheading 8481.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.122

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 244 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8481.40 through
8481.80 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

244. (A) A change to subheadings 8481.40 through 8481.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8481.40 through 8481.80 from subheading 8481.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 45 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 35 percent where the net cost method is used.

245. A change to subheading 8481.90 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 246 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8482.10 through
8482.80 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

246, (A) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from any subheading outside that group, except from tariff items 8482.99.05,

8482.99.15 or 8482.99.25; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from tariff items 8482.99.05, 8482.99.15 and 8482.99.25, whether or not there
is also a change from any subheading outside that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

247. A change to subheadings 8482.91 through 8482.99 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 248 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8483.10 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

248. (A) A change to subheading 8483.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8483.10 from subheading 8483.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 249 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8483.20 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

249. (A) A change to subheading 8483.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, tariff items

8482.99.05, 8482.99.15 or 8482.99.25, or subheading 8483.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.20 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, tariff items 8482.99.05, 8482.99.15 and 8482.99.25
or subheading 8483.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.123

USMCA

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 250 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8483.30 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

250, (A) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.30 from subheading 8483.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designation in subdivision 251 pertains to goods provided for in subheadings 8483.40 through
8483.90 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

251, A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

252. A change to heading 8484 from any other heading.

253. A change to a good of any of subheadings 8486.10 through 8486.90 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading,

including another subheading within that group.

254. A change to heading 8487 from any other heading.

Chapter 85

Chapter Rule 1: For the purposes of this chapter, the term “printed circuit assembly” means a good consisting of one or more printed circuits
of heading 8534 with one or more active elements assembled thereon, with or without passive elements. For the purposes of this Note, “active
elements” means diodes, transistors and similar semiconductor devices, whether or not photosensitive, of heading 8541, integrated circuits
of heading 8542, and microassemblies of headings 8543 or 8548.

Chapter Rule 2: For purposes of this chapter:

(a) references to “high definition” as it applies to television receivers and cathode-ray tubes refers to goods having:

(i) an aspect ratio of the screen equal to or greater than 16:9, and

(ii) aviewing screen capable of displaying more than 700 scanning lines; and

(iii) the video display diagonal is determined by measuring the maximum straight line dimension across the visible portion of the
face plate used for displaying video.

Chapter Rule 3: Tariff items 8529.90.83, 8529.90.93 and 8529.90.99 cover the following parts of television receivers, video monitors, and
video projectors:

(a) Video intermediate (IF) amplifying and detecting systems;

(b) Video processing and amplification systems;

(c) Synchronizing and deflection circuitry;

(d) Tuners and tuner control systems; and

(e) Audio detection and amplification systems.

Chapter Rule 4: For the purposes of tariff item 8540.91.15, the term “front panel assembly” refers to:

(a) with respect to a monochrome cathode-ray television picture tube, video monitor tube or video projector tube, an assembly which
consists of either a glass panel or a glass envelope, which is suitable for incorporation into amonochrome cathode-ray television picture
tube, video monitor tube or video projector tube and which has undergone the necessary chemical and physical processes for imprinting

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.124

USMCA

phosphors on the glass panel or glass envelope with sufficient precision to render a video image when excited by a stream of electrons;
or

(b) with respect to a color cathode-ray television picture tube, video monitor tube or video projector tube, an assembly which consists of
a glass panel and a shadow mask or aperture grille, attached for ultimate use, which is suitable for incorporation into a color cathode-ray
television picture tube, video monitor tube or video projector tube and which has undergone the necessary chemical and physical
processes for imprinting phosphors on the glass panel with sufficient precision to render a video image when excited by a stream of
electrons.

Chapter Rule 5: The origin of a television combination unit shall be determined in accordance with the rule that would be applicable to such
unit if it were solely a television receiver.

Chapter rule 6: For the purposes of the subdivisions pertaining to this chapter, whenever the subdivision designation is underscored, the
provisions of subdivision (k) of this note may apply to goods for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

Heading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 1 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8501 for use in a motor vehicle
of chapter 87.

1,

(A) A change to heading 8501 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8503.00.35, 8503.00.45 or 8503.00.65; or

(B) A change to heading 8501 from tariff items 8503.00.35, 8503.00.45 and 8503.00.65, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

2.

(A) A change to heading 8502 from any other heading, except from headings 8406, 8411, 8501 or 8503; or

(B) A change to heading 8502 from headings 8406, 8411, 8501 or 8503, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to heading 8503 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8504.10 from any other subheading.

3.

4.

Subheading Rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2025, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheadings 8504.21 through
8504.34:

(a) A change to subheadings 8504.21 through 8504.34 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8504.21 through 8504.34 from subheading 8504.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2025, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheadings 8504.21 through 8504.34:

(a) A change to subheadings 8504.21 through 8504.34 from any other heading, except from headings 7225, 7226 or 7326; or

(b) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 8504.21 through 8504.34, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than:

(i) 65 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 55 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.125

USMCA

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to tariff item 8504.40.40 from any other subheading.

A change to tariff item 8504.40.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8471.49.

A change to subheading 8504.40 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 8504.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8504.50 from subheading 8504.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

9.

A change to tariff item 8504.90.65 or 8504.90.75 from any other tariff item.

10. A change to tariff item 8504.90.40 from any other tariff item.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2025, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 8504.90:

(a) A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8504.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2025, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 8504.90:

(a) A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading, except from headings 7225, 7226 or 7326; or

(b) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8504.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 65 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 55 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 11 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8505.11 through
8505.20 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.20 from subheading 8505.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 12 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8505.90 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

12.

(A) A change to subheading 8505.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8505.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.126

USMCA

13. A change to subheadings 8506.10 through 8506.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

14. A change to subheadings 8506.50 through 8506.80 from any subheading outside that group.

15. A change to a good of subheading 8506.90 from within that subheading or any other subheading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 16 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8507.10 through
8507.50 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 8507.10 through 8507.50 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8548.10.05 or 8548.10.15, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8507.10 through 8507.50 from subheading 8507.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, except from tariff items 8548.10.05 or 8548.10.15, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 17 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8507.60 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

17.

(A) A change to a battery of subheading 8507.60, of a kind used as the primary source of electrical power for the propulsion of an electric
passenger vehicle or light truck from any other subheading, excluding battery cells of 8507.90;

(B) No change in tariff classification to a battery of subheading 8507.60, used as the primary source of electrical power for the propulsion
of an electric passenger vehicle or light truck provided that the regional value content is:

(1) 85 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 75 percent where the net cost method is used;

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8507.60 from any other heading; or

(D) A change to any other good of subheading 8507.60 from subheading 8507.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 18 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8507.80 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

18.

(A) A change to subheading 8507.80 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8548.10.05 or 8548.10.15; or

(B) A change to subheading 8507.80 from subheading 8507.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, except
from tariff items 8548.10.05 or 8548.10.15, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used, or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

19.

(A) A change to subheading 8507.90 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8548.10.05 or 8548.10.15; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8507.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.127

USMCA

20.

(A) A change to subheading 8508.11 from any other subheading, except from heading 8501, subheading 8508.19 or housings of
subheading 8508.70; or

(B) A change to subheading 8508.11 from heading 8501, subheading 8508.19 or housings of subheading 8508.70, whether or not there
is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

21.

(A) A change to domestic vacuum cleaners of subheading 8508.19 from any other subheading, except from heading 8501, subheading
8508.11 or housings of subheading 8508.70;

(B) A change to domestic vacuum cleaners of subheading 8508.19 from heading 8501, subheading 8508.11 or housings of subheading
8508.70, whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used;

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8508.19 from any other heading, except from heading 8479; or

(D) A change to any other good of subheading 8508.19 from subheading 8508.70, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, except from heading 8479, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

22.

(A) A change to subheading 8508.60 from any other heading, except from heading 8479; or

(B) A change to subheading 8508.60 from subheading 8508.70, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, except
from heading 8479, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

23.

(A) A change to parts of domestic vacuum cleaners of subheading 8508.70 from any other heading, except from heading 8509;

(B) No change in tariff classification to parts of domestic vacuum cleaners of subheading 8508.70, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8508.70 from parts of domestic vacuum cleaners of subheading 8508.70 or any other
heading, except from heading 8479.

24. A change to subheading 8509.40 from any other subheading.

25. A change to a good of subheading 8509.80 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

26.

(A) A change to subheading 8509.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8509.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.128

USMCA

27.

(A) A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from subheading 8510.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

28. A change to subheading 8510.90 from any other heading.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 29 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8511.10 through
8511.80 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

29. A change to subheadings 8511.10 through 8511.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designation in subdivision 30 pertains to goods provided for in subheading 8511.90 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

30.

(A) A change to subheading 8511.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8511.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 31 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8512.10 through
8512.40 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

31.

(A) A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.40 from subheading 8512.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

32. A change to subheading 8512.90 from any other heading.

33.

(A) A change to subheading 8513.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8513.10 from subheading 8513.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

34. A change to subheading 8513.90 from any other heading.

35. A change to subheadings 8514.10 through 8514.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

36.

(A) A change to subheading 8514.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8514.40 from subheading 8514.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.129

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8514.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8514.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

38.

(A) A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from subheading 8515.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

39. A change to subheading 8515.90 from any other heading.

40. A change to subheadings 8516.10 through 8516.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

41. A change to tariff item 8516.90.35 from any other tariff item.

42. A change to tariff item 8516.90.45 from any other tariff item.

43. A change to tariff item 8516.90.55 from any other tariff item.

44. A change to tariff item 8516.90.65 from any other tariff item.

45. A change to tariff item 8516.90.75 from any other tariff item.

46.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8516.90, provided there is a regional value content of notless than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

47. A change to subheading 8517.11 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheadings 8517.12 through 8517.61 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

49. A change to a good of any of subheadings 8517.62 through 8517.70 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading,

including another subheading within that group.

50. A change to a good of any of subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.30 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading,

including another subheading within that group.

51.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.40 through 8518.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.40 through 8518.50 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.130

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

52.

(A) A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other subheading within heading 8518, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 25 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 53 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8519.20 through
8519.89 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

53. A change to a good of any of subheadings 8519.20 through 8519.89 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading,

including another subheading within that group.

54. A change to subheadings 8521.10 through 8521.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group, except

from tariff items 8522.90.25, 8522.90.45 or 8522.90.65.

55. A change to heading 8522 from any other heading.

56. A change to a good of any of subheadings 8523.21 through 8523.51 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading,

including another subheading within that group.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding Article 4.18 (Transit and Transshipment), “smart cards” of subheading 8523.52 qualifying under the rule
below as an originating good may undergo further production outside the territory of the USMCA countries and, when imported into the territory
of a USMCA country, will originate in the territory of a USMCA country, provided that such further production did not result in a change to any
other subheading.

57.

(A)No change in tariff classification to “smart cards” which contain a single integrated circuit or parts of such “smart cards” of subheading
8523.52;

(B) A change to other “smart cards” of subheading 8523.52 from any other good of subheading 8523.52, except from parts of other
“smart cards” of subheading 8523.52 or any other heading;

(C) A change to other “smart cards” of subheading 8523.52 from parts of other “smart cards” of subheading 8523.52, whether or not
there is also a change from any other good of subheading 8523.52 or any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

58.

(A) A change to parts of other “smart cards” of subheading 8523.52 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to parts of other “smart cards” of subheading 8523.52, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

59. A change to a good of any of subheadings 8523.59 through 8523.80 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading,

including another subheading within that group.

60. A change to subheadings 8525.50 through 8525.60 from any subheading outside that group, provided that, with respect to printed circuit

assemblies (PCAs) of subheading 8529.90:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.131

USMCA

(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), for each multiple of nine PCAs, or any portion thereof, that is contained in the good, only
one PCA may be a nonoriginating PCA; and

(B) If the good contains less than three PCAs, all of the PCAs must be originating PCAs.

61.

(A) A change to gyrostabilized television cameras of subheading 8525.80 from any other good of subheading 8525.80 or any other
subheading, except from studio television cameras, other than shoulder-carried cameras and other portable cameras, of subheading
8525.80;

(B) A change to other television cameras of subheading 8525.80 from any other good of subheading 8525.80 or any other subheading,
except from gyrostabilized television cameras of subheading 8525.80; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8525.80 from television cameras of subheading 8525.80 or any other subheading.

62. A change to subheadings 8526.10 through 8526.92 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 63 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8527.12 through
8527.99 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

63. A change to subheadings 8527.12 through 8527.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group, except

from printed circuit assemblies (PCAs) of subheading 8529.90.

64.

(A) A change to heading 8528 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 8528, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

65.

(A) A change to subheading 8529.10 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8529.10, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

66.

(A) A change of subheading 8529.90 from any other good within the same subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8529.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 40 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 30 percent where the net cost method is used.

67.

(A) A change to subheadings 8530.10 through 8530.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8530.10 through 8530.80 from subheading 8530.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

68.

(A) A change to subheading 8530.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8530.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.132

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

69. A change to subheading 8531.10 from any other subheading.

70. A change to a good of subheading 8531.20 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

71. A change to subheading 8531.80 from any other subheading.

72. A change to a good of subheading 8531.90 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

73. A change to a good of any of subheadings 8532.10 through 8532.90 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading,

including another subheading within that group.

74. A change to subheadings 8533.10 through 8533.39 from any other subheading, includinganother subheading within that group.

75. A change to subheading 8533.40 from any other subheading, except from tariff item 8533.90.40.

76. A change to a good of subheading 8533.90 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

77. A change to heading 8534 from any other heading.

78.

(A) A change to tariff item 8535.90.40 from any other tariff item, except from tariff item 8538.90.40; or

(B) A change to tariff item 8535.90.40 from tariff item 8538.90.40, whether or not there is also a change from any other tariff item, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

79.

(A) A change to heading 8535 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or 8538.90.60; or

(B) A change to heading 8535 from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or 8538.90.60, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

80.

(A) A change to subheadings 8536.10 through 8536.20 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or
8538.90.60; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8536.10 through 8536.20 from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or 8538.90.60, whether or not there is
also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

81.

(A) A change to tariff item 8536.30.40 from any other tariff item, except from tariff item 8538.90.40; or

(B) A change to tariff item 8536.30.40 from tariff item 8538.90.40, whether or not there is also a change from any other tariff item, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.133

USMCA

82.

(A) A change to any other good of subheading 8536.30 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or
8538.90.60; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8536.30 from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or 8538.90.60, whether or not there is
also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

83.

(A) A change to subheadings 8536.41 through 8536.49 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or
8538.90.60; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8536.41 through 8536.49 from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or 8538.90.60, whether or not there is
also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 84 through 85 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8536.50
for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

84.

(A) A change to tariff item 8536.50.40 from any other tariff item, except from tariff item 8538.90.40; or

(B) A change to tariff item 8536.50.40 from tariff item 8538.90.40, whether or not there is also a change from any other tariff item, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

85.

(A) A change to any other good of subheading 8536.50 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or
8538.90.60; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8536.50 from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or 8538.90.60, whether or not there is
also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

86.

(A) A change to subheadings 8536.61 through 8536.69 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or
8538.90.60; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8536.61 through 8536.69 from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or8538.90.60, whether or not there is
also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

87.

(A) A change to plastic connectors of subheading 8536.70 from any other good of subheading 8536.70 or any other subheading, except
from heading 3926, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.134

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

(B) A change to ceramic connectors of subheading 8536.70 from any other good of subheading 8536.70 or any other subheading, except
from chapter 69; or

(C) A change to copper connectors of subheading 8536.70 from any other good of subheading 8536.70 or any other subheading, except
from heading 7419.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 88 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 8536.90 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

88.

(A) A change to subheading 8536.90 from any other heading, except from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or 8538.90.60; or

(B) A change to subheading 8536.90 from tariff items 8538.90.10, 8538.90.30 or 8538.90.60, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Heading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 89 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8537 for use in a motor vehicle
of chapter 87.

89.

(A) A change to heading 8537 from any other heading, except from printed circuit assemblies of subheading 8538.90 or moulded parts
of subheading 8538.90; or

(B) A change to heading 8537 from printed circuit assemblies of subheading 8538.90 or moulded parts of subheading 8538.90 or, whether
or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 50 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 40 percent where the net cost method is used.

90.

(A) A change to subheadings 8538.10 through 8538.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8538.10 through 8538.90 from any other subheading within that group, whether or not there is also a
change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 91 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8539.10 through
8539.49 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

91. A change to subheadings 8539.10 through 8539.49 from any other subheading, except from any subheading within thatgroup.

92. A change to subheading 8539.90 from any other heading.

93. A change to tariff item 8540.11.10 from any other subheading, except from more than one of the following:

(A) tariff item 7011.20.10,

(B) tariff item 8540.91.15.

94. A change to tariff items 8540.11.24 and 8540.11.28 from any other subheading, except from more than one of the following:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.135

USMCA

(A) Tariff item 7011.20.10,

(B) Tariff item 8540.91.15.

95. A change to tariff item 8540.11.30 from any other subheading, except from tariff item 8540.91.15.

96. A change to tariff items 8540.11.44 or 8540.11.48 from any other subheading, except from tariff item 8540.91.15.

97.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.11 from subheading 8540.91, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: The following rule applies to a good of tariff items 8540.12.10 and 8540.12.50 incorporating a glass panel referred to in
subparagraph (b) of chapter rule 4 of chapter 85 and a glass cone provided for in tariff item 7011.20.10:

(a) A change to tariff items 8540.12.10 or 8540.12.50 from any other subheading, except from more than one of the following:

(i) Tariff item 7011.20.10,

(ii) Tariff item 8540.91.15.

Subheading rule: The following rule applies to a good of tariff items 8540.12.10 and 8540.12.50 incorporating a glass envelope referred to
in subparagraph (b) of chapter rule 4 of chapter 85:

(a) A change to tariff items 8540.12.10 or 8540.12.50 from any other subheading, except from tariff item 8540.91.15.

98. A change to tariff items 8540.12.20 or 8540.12.70 from any other subheading, except from tariff item 8540.91.15.

99.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.12 from subheading 8540.91, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

100. (A) A change to subheading 8540.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.20 from subheadings 8540.91 through 8540.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

101. A change to subheadings 8540.40 through 8540.60 from any subheading outside that group.

102. A change to subheading 8540.71 from any other subheading.

103. (A) A change to klystrons of subheading 8540.79 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8540.79 from klystrons within that subheading or any other subheading.

104. A change to subheadings 8540.81 through 8540.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.136

USMCA

105. A change to tariff item 8540.91.15 from any other tariff item.

106. (A) A change to subheading 8540.91 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8540.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

107. A change to tariff item 8540.99.40 from any other tariff item.

108. (A) A change to subheading 8540.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8540.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding Article 4.18 (Transit and Transshipment) of the USMCA, a good provided for in subheadings 8541.10
through 8541.60 or 8542.31 through 8542.39 qualifying under the rule below as an originating good may undergo further production outside
the territory of the USMCA countries and, when imported into the territory of a USMCA country, will originate in the territory of a USMCA
country, provided that such further production did not result in a change to a subheading outside of that group.

109. No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 8541.10 through 8542.90.

110. A change to subheading 8543.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8486.20.

111. A change to subheadings 8543.20 through 8543.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

112. A change to subheading 8543.70 from any other subheading, except from “smart” cards, other than those containing a single integrated

circuit, of subheading 8523.59.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding Article 4.18 (Transit and Transshipment), electronic microassemblies of subheading 8543.90 qualifying
under the rule below as an originating good may undergo further production outside the territory of the USMCA countries and, when imported
into the territory of a USMCA country, will originate in the territory of a USMCA country, provided that such further production did not result
in a change to any other subheading.

113. (A) No change in tariff classification electronic microassemblies of subheading 8543.90;

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8543.90 from electronic microassemblies of subheading 8543.90 or any other heading;
or

(C) No change in tariff classification to any other good of subheading 8543.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 114 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 8544.11 through
8544.60 for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

114. (A) A change to subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 from any subheading outside that group, except from headings 7408, 7413, 7605

or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 from any other subheading within that group or headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or
7614, whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.137

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

115. (A) A change to subheading 8544.70 from any other subheading, except from headings 7002 or 9001; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.70 from headings 7002 or 9001, whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

116. A change to subheadings 8545.11 through 8545.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

117. A change to heading 8546 from any other heading.

118. A change to subheadings 8547.10 through 8547.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

119. A change to subheading 8548.10 from any other chapter.

Subheading rule: Notwithstanding Article 4.18 (Transit and Transshipment), electronic microassemblies of subheading 8548.90 qualifying
under the rule below as an originating good may undergo further production outside the territory of the USMCA countries and, when imported
into the territory of a USMCA country, will originate in the territory of a USMCA country, provided that such further production did not result
in a change to any other subheading.

120. (A) No change in tariff classification to electronic microassemblies of subheading 8548.90; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8548.90 from electronic microassemblies of subheading 8548.90 or any other heading.

Chapter 86

1.

2.

A change to headings 8601 through 8602 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from any other heading, including another heading within that group,except from heading
8607; or

(B) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, including
another heading within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12:

(a) A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from any subheading outside that group.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12:

(a) A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through
7326;

(b) A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least
70 percent by weight of the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326 isoriginating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.138

USMCA

(i) 70 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 60 percent where the net cost method is used.

3.

(A) A change to tariff item 8607.19.03 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to tariff item 8607.19.03 from tariff item 8607.19.06, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

(A) A change to tariff item 8607.19.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to tariff item 8607.19.12 from tariff items 8607.19.06 or 8607.19.15, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 8607.19 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 8607.21 from any other heading; or

5.

6.

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8607.21, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to subheading 8607.29:

(a) A change to subheading 8607.29 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8607.29, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used, or

(ii) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 8607.29:

(a) A change to subheading 8607.29 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or headings 7301 through 7326;

(b) A change to subheading 8607.29 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least 70 percent by weight
of the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 and 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8607.29 provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 70 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 60 percent where the net cost method is used.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 8607.30 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8607.30, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.139

USMCA

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until January 1, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to subheading 8607.91:

(a) A change to subheading 8607.91 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8607.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used, or

(ii) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Subheading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to subheading 8607.91:

(a) A change to subheading 8607.91 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326;

(b) A change to subheading 8607.91 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least 70 percent by weight
of the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 and 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8607.91 provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 70 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 60 percent where the net cost method is used.

8.

(A) A change to subheading 8607.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8607.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

9.

A change to heading 8608 from any other heading.

Heading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2020 until July 1, 2023, the following rule of origin shall apply to heading 8609:

(a) A change to heading 8609 from any other heading.

Heading rule: Beginning on July 1, 2023, and thereafter, the following rules of origin shall apply to heading 8609:

(a) A change to heading 8609 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326; or

(b) A change to heading 8609 from headings 7208 through 7229 or 7301 through 7326, provided that at least 70 percent by weight of
the materials of headings 7208 through 7229 and 7301 through 7326 is originating; or

(c) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 8609 is required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 70 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(ii) 60 percent where the net cost method is used.

Chapter 87

1.

2.

3.

A change to a good of subheading 8701.10 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent
under the net cost method.

A change to a good of subheading 8701.20 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent
under the net cost method.

A change to a good of subheadings 8701.30 through 8701.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than 60 percent under the net cost method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.140

USMCA

4.

(A) A change to a motor vehicle for the transport of 15 or fewer persons of subheading 8702.10 from any other heading, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 62.5 percent under the net cost method; or

(B) A change to a motor vehicle for the transport of 16 or more persons of subheading 8702.10 from any other heading, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent under the net cost method.

5.

(A) A change to a motor vehicle for the transport of 15 or fewer persons of subheading 8702.90 from any other heading, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 62.5 percent under the net cost method; or

(B) A change to a motor vehicle for the transport of 16 or more persons of subheading 8702.90 from any other heading,provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent under the net cost method.

6.

A change to subheading 8703.10 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(B) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

7.

(A) A change to a passenger vehicle of subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than 75 percent under the net cost method; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than 62.5 percent under the net cost method.

A change to a good of subheading 8704.10 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent
under the net cost method.

(A) A change to a light truck of subheading 8704.21 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than
75 percent under the net cost method; or

8.

9.

(B) A change to a vehicle solely or principally for off-road use of subheading 8704.21 from any other heading, provided there is a regional
value content of not less than 62.5 percent under the net cost method.

10.

(A) A change to a heavy truck of subheadings 8704.22 through 8704.23 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method; or

(B) A change to a vehicle that is solely or principally for off-road use of subheadings 8704.22 through 8704.23 from any other heading,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent under the net cost method.

11.

(A) A change to a light truck of subheading 8704.31 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than
75 percent under the net cost method; or

(B) A change to a vehicle solely or principally for off-road use of subheading 8704.31 from any other heading, provided there is a regional
value content of not less than 62.5 percent under the net cost method.

12.

(A) A change to a vehicle that is solely or principally for off-road use of subheadings 8704.32 through 8704.90 from any other heading,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent under the net cost method; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheadings 8704.32 through 8704.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

13. A change to heading 8705 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent under the net

cost method.

Heading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 14 through 16 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8706. If the good
is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Articles 3.2 and 3.3 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good is for use in a heavy truck,
Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1
and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

14. For a good of heading 8706 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.141

USMCA

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 8706, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 75 percent
under the net cost method.

15, For a good of heading 8706 for use in heavy truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 8706, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent
under the net cost method.

16. For any other good of heading 8706:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 8706, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent
under the net cost method;

Heading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 17 through 19 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8707. If the good
is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Articles 3.2 and 3.3 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good is for use in a heavy truck,
Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1
and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

17. For a good of heading 8707 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 8707, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 75 percent
under the net cost method.

18. For a good of heading 8707 for use in a heavy truck:

(A) A change to heading 8707 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 8707 from heading 8708, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a
regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

19. For any other good of heading 8707:

(A) A change to heading 8707 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 8707 from heading 8708, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a
regional value content of not less than 60 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 20 through 21 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.10. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy truck,
Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1
and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

20. For a good of subheading 8708.10 for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck, or heavy truck:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.10 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

21. For any other good of subheading 8708.10:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.10 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 22 through 23 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.21. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy truck,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.142

USMCA

Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1
and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

22. For a good of subheading 8708.21 for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.21 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.21 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

23. For any other good of subheading 8708.21:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.21 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.21 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 24 through 26 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.29. If
the good is a body stamping for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Articles 3.2 and 3.3 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good
is any other good for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy
truck, Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles
10.1 and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

24. For a body stamping of subheading 8708.29 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a body stamping of subheading 8708.29, provided there is a regional value content of at least 75
percent under the net cost method.

25. For any other good of subheading 8708.29 for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.29 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.29, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70
percent under the net cost method.

26. For any other good of subheading 8708.29:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.29 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.29, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50
percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 27 through 28 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.30. If
the good is a body stamping for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Articles 3.2 and 3.3 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good
is any other good for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy
truck, Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles
10.1 and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

27. For a good of subheading 8708.30 for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck:

(A) A change to mounted brake linings of subheading 8708.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to mounted brake linings of subheading 8708.30 from parts of mounted brake linings, brakes or servo-brakes of subheadings
8708.30 or 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than 70 percent under the net cost method;

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8708.30 from any other heading; or

(D) A change to any other good of subheading 8708.30 from mounted brake linings or parts of brakes or servo-brakes of subheadings
8708.30, or 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is aregional value content of not less
than 70 percent under the net cost method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.143

USMCA

28. For any other good of subheading 8708.30:

(A) A change to mounted brake linings of subheading 8708.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to mounted brake linings of subheading 8708.30 from parts of mounted brake linings, brakes or servo-brakes of subheadings
8708.30 or 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than 50 percent under the net cost method;

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8708.30 from any other heading; or

(D) A change to any other good of subheading 8708.30 from mounted brake linings or parts of brakes or servo-brakes of subheadings
8708.30, or 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is aregional value content of not less
than 50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 29 through 31 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.40. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Articles 3.2 and 3.3 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good is for use in a heavy
truck, Articles 4.2 and 4.4 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10,
Articles 10.1 and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

29. For a good of subheading 8708.40 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.40, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 75
percent under the net cost method.

30. For a good of subheading 8708.40 for use in a heavy truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.40, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70
percent under the net cost method.

31. For any other good of subheading 8708.40:

(A) A change to gear boxes of subheading 8708.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to gear boxes of subheading 8708.40 from any other good of subheadings 8708.40 or 8708.99, whether or not there is
also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method;

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8708.40 from any other heading; or

(D) No change in tariff classification to any other good of subheading 8708.40, provided there is a regional value content of not less than
50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 32 through 34 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.50. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Articles 3.2 and 3.3 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good is for use in a heavy
truck, Articles 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles
10.1 and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

32. For a good of subheading 8708.50 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.50, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 75
percent under the net cost method.

33. For a good of subheading 8708.50 for use in a heavy truck:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.144

USMCA

(A) A change to drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, for vehicles of heading 8703,
of subheading 8708.50 from any other heading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80;or

(B) A change to drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, for vehicles of heading 8703,
of subheading 8708.50 from subheading 8482.10 through 8482.80 or parts of drive-axles of subheading 8708.50, whether or not there
is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method;

(C) A change to other drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, of subheading 8708.50
from any other heading; or

(D) A change to other drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, of subheading 8708.50
from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than 70 percent under the net cost method;

(E) A change to non-driving axles and parts thereof, for vehicles of heading 8703, of subheading 8708.50 from any other heading, except
from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80; or

(F) A change to non-driving axles and parts thereof, for vehicles of heading 8703, of subheading 8708.50 from subheadings 8482.10
through 8482.80 or 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is aregional value content of
not less than 70 percent under the net cost method;

(G) A change to other non-driving axles and parts thereof of subheading 8708.50 from any other heading; or

(H) A change to other non-driving axles and parts thereof of subheading 8708.50 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also
a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method;

(I) A change to any other good of subheading 8708.50 from any other heading; or

(J) No change in tariff classification to any other good of subheading 8708.50, provided there is a regional value content of not less than
70 percent under the net cost method.

34. For any other good of subheading 8708.50:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.145

USMCA

(A) A change to drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, for vehicles of heading 8703,
of subheading 8708.50 from any other heading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80;or

(B) A change to drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, for vehicles of heading 8703,
of subheading 8708.50 from subheading 8482.10 through 8482.80 or parts of drive-axles of subheading 8708.50, whether or not there
is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method;

(C) A change to other drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, of subheading 8708.50
from any other heading; or

(D) A change to other drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, of subheading 8708.50
from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than 50 percent under the net cost method;

(E) A change to non-driving axles and parts thereof, for vehicles of heading 8703, of subheading 8708.50 from any other heading, except
from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80; or

(F) A change to non-driving axles and parts thereof, for vehicles of heading 8703, of subheading 8708.50 from subheadings 8482.10
through 8482.80 or 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method;

(G) A change to other non-driving axles and parts thereof of subheading 8708.50 from any other heading; or

(H) A change to other non-driving axles and parts thereof of subheading 8708.50 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also
a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method;

(I) A change to any other good of subheading 8708.50 from any other heading; or

(J) No change in tariff classification to any other good of subheading 8708.50, provided there is a regional value content of not less than
50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 35 through 36 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.70. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy truck,
Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1
and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

35. For a good of subheading 8708.70 for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck, or heavy truck:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.70 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.70 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

36. For any other good of subheading 8708.70:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.70 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.70 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 37 through 39 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.80. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.2 and 3.3 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy
truck, Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles
10.1 and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

37. For a good of subheading 8708.80 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.80, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 75
percent under the net cost method.

38. For a good of subheading 8708.80 for use in a heavy truck:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.146

USMCA

(A) A change to McPherson struts of subheading 8708.80 from parts thereof of subheading 8708.80 or any other subheading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method;

(B) A change to any other good subheading 8708.80 from any other heading;

(C) A change to suspension systems (including shock absorbers) of subheading 8708.80 from parts thereof of subheadings 8708.80 or
8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70
percent under the net cost method; or

(D) No change in tariff classification to parts of suspension systems (including shock absorbers) of subheading 8708.80, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

39. For any other good of subheading 8708.80:

(A) A change to McPherson struts of subheading 8708.80 from parts thereof of subheading 8708.80 or any other subheading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method;

(B) A change to any other good subheading 8708.80 from any other heading;

(C) A change to suspension systems (including shock absorbers) of subheading 8708.80 from parts thereof of subheadings 8708.80 or
8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50
percent under the net cost method; or

(D) No change in tariff classification to parts of suspension systems (including shock absorbers) of subheading 8708.80, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 40 through 41 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.91. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy truck,
Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1
and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

40. For a good of subheading 8708.91 for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck:

(A) A change to radiators of subheading 8708.91 from any other heading;

(B) A change to radiators of subheading 8708.91 from any other good of subheading 8708.91, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the netcost method; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to any other good of subheading 8708.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than
70 percent under the net cost method.

41. For any other good of subheading 8708.91:

(A) A change to radiators of subheading 8708.91 from any other heading;

(B) A change to radiators of subheading 8708.91 from any other good of subheading 8708.91, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under thenet cost method; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to any other good of subheading 8708.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than
50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 42 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.92. If the good is for
use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy truck, Article 4.2 of
the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1 and 10.2 of the
automotive appendix apply.

42. For a good of subheading 8708.92 for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.147

USMCA

(A) A change to silencers (mufflers) or exhaust pipes of subheading 8708.92 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to silencers (mufflers) or exhaust pipes of subheading 8708.92 from any other good of subheading 8708.92, whether or
not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net
cost method; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to any other good of subheading 8708.92, provided there is a regional value content of not less than
70 percent under the net cost method

(D) For any other good of subheading 8708.92:

(E) A change to silencers (mufflers) or exhaust pipes of subheading 8708.92 from any other heading; or

(F) A change to silencers (mufflers) or exhaust pipes of subheading 8708.92 from any other good of subheading 8708.92, whether or
not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is regional value content of not less than50 percent under the net cost
method; or

(G) No change in tariff classification to any other good of subheading 8708.92, provided there is a regional value content of not less than
50 percent under the net cost method

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 43 through 44 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.93. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy truck,
Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1
and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

43. For a good of subheading 8708.93 for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.93 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.93 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

44. For any other good of subheading 8708.93:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.93 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.93 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 45 through 47 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.94. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.2 and 3.3 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good is for use in a heavy
truck, Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles
10.1 and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

45. For a good of subheading 8708.94 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.94, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 75
percent under the net cost method.

46. For a good of subheading 8708.94 for use in a heavy truck:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.94 from any other heading;

(B) A change to steering wheels, steering columns or steering boxes of subheading 8708.94 from parts thereof of subheadings 8708.94
or 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70
percent under the net cost method; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to parts of steering wheels, steering columns or steering boxes of subheading 8708.94, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

47. For any other good of subheading 8708.94:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.148

USMCA

(A) A change to subheading 8708.94 from any other heading;

(B) A change to steering wheels, steering columns or steering boxes of subheading 8708.94 from parts thereof of subheadings 8708.94
or 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50
percent under the net cost method; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to parts of steering wheels, steering columns or steering boxes of subheading 8708.94, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 48 through 49 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.95. If
the good is for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a heavy truck,
Article 4.2 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1
and 10.2 of the automotive appendix apply.

48. For a good of subheading 8708.95 for use in a passenger vehicle, light truck or heavy truck:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.95 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.95, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70
percent under the net cost method.

49. For any other good of subheading 8708.95:

(A) A change to subheading 8708.95 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.95, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50
percent under the net cost method.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivisions 50 through 55 pertain to goods provided for in heading 8708.99. If
the good is a chassis frame for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck, Articles 3.2 and 3.3 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good is
a chassis for use in a heavy truck, Articles 4.2 and 4.4 of the automotive appendix apply. If the good is any other good for use in a passenger
vehicle or light truck, Article 3.4 of the automotive appendix applies. If the good is any other good for use in a heavy truck, Article 4.2 of the
automotive appendix applies. If the good is for use in a vehicle specified in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 10, Articles 10.1 and 10.2 of the
automotive appendix apply.

50. For a chassis frame of subheading 8708.99 for use in a passenger vehicle or light truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 75
percent under the net cost method.

51. For a chassis of subheading 8708.99 for use in a heavy truck:

(A) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70
percent under the net cost method.

52. For any other good of subheading 8708.99 for use in a heavy truck or for any other good of subheading 8708.99 for use in a passenger

vehicle or light truck:

(A) A change to tariff items 8708.99.03, 8708.99.27 or 8708.99.55 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than 70 percent under the net cost method,

(B) A change to tariff items 8708.99.06, 8708.99.31 or 8708.99.58 from any other heading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through
8482.80 or tariff items 8482.99.05, 8482.99.15 or 8482.99.25; or

(C) A change to tariff items 8708.99.06, 8708.99.31 or 8708.99.58 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 or tariff items 8482.99.05,
8482.99.15 or 8482.99.25, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than 70 percent under the net cost method.

53.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.99 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.149

USMCA

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 70
percent under the net cost method.

54. For any other good of subheading 8708.99:

(A) A change to tariff items 8708.99.03, 8708.99.27 and 8708.99.55 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method,

(B) A change to tariff items 8708.99.06, 8708.99.31 and 8708.99.58 from any other heading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through
8482.80 or tariff items 8482.99.05, 8482.99.15 or 8482.99.25; or

(C) A change to tariff items 8708.99.06, 8708.99.31 and 8708.99.58 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 or tariff items 8482.99.05,
8482.99.15 or 8482.99.25, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

55.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8708.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 50
percent under the net cost method.

56.

(A) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

57. A change to subheading 8709.90 from any other heading.

58. A change to heading 8710 from any other heading.

59.

(A) A change to headings 8711 through 8713 from any other heading, including another heading within that group,except from heading
8714; or

(B) A change to headings 8711 through 8713 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, including
another heading within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

60. A change to headings 8714 through 8715 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

61.

(A) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

62.

(A) A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 8716.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.150

USMCA

Chapter 88

1.

(A) A change to gliders or hang gliders of heading 8801 from any other good of heading 8801 or any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 8801 from gliders or hang gliders of heading 8801 or any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8802.11 through 8803.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 8804 through 8805 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

2.

3.

Chapter 89

1.

(A) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other heading within chapter 89, including another heading within that group,
whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

2.

A change to heading 8903 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

3.

(A) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other heading within chapter 89, including another heading within that group,
whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

A change to headings 8906 through 8908 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 90

Chapter rule 1: For the purposes of this chapter, the term “printed circuit assembly” means a good consisting of one or more printed circuits
of heading 8534 with one or more active elements assembled thereon, with or without passive elements. For the purposes of this Note, “active
elements” means diodes, transistors and similar semiconductor devices, whether or not photosensitive, of heading 8541 and integrated circuits
of heading 8542 and microassemblies of headings 8543 or 8548.

Chapter rule 2: The origin of the goods of chapter 90 shall be determined without regard to the origin of any automatic data processing
machines or units thereof of heading 8471, or parts and accessories thereof of heading 8473, which may be included therewith.

Chapter rule 3: For the purposes of the subdivisions pertaining to this chapter, whenever the subdivision designation is underscored, the
provisions of subdivision (k) of this note may apply to goods for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other chapter, except from pre-forms of heading 7002; or

(B) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other good of heading 7002 except pre-forms, whether or not there is also a change from
any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

2.

A change to subheadings 9001.20 through 9001.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.151

USMCA

A change to heading 9002 from any other heading, except from heading 9001.

(A) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from subheading 9003.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from subheading 9003.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
subheading, including another subheading within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 9003.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 9004.90 from any other chapter; or

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

(B) A change to subheading 9004.90 from any other heading within chapter 90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

8.

A change to subheadings 9005.10 through 9005.80 from any subheading outside that group, except from headings 9001 through 9002
or tariff item 9005.90.40.

9.

A change to tariff item 9005.90.40 from any other heading, except from headings 9001 through 9002.

10.

(A) A change to subheading 9005.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9005.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.69 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.69 from subheadings 9006.91 or 9006.99, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

12.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to a good of any of subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from within that subheading, whether or not there is also a
change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

13.

(A) A change to gyrostabilized cameras of subheading 9007.10 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.152

USMCA

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 9007.10 from any other heading; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheadings 9007.10 from subheading 9007.91, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used, or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

14.

(A) A change to subheading 9007.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9007.20 from subheading 9007.92, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost is used.

15.

(A) A change to subheading 9007.91 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9007.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

16.

(A) A change to subheading 9007.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9007.92, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

17.

(A) A change to subheading 9008.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9008.50 from subheading 9008.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

18.

(A) A change to subheading 9008.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9008.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

19.

(A) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from subheading 9010.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

20.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.90 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.153

USMCA

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9010.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

21.

(A) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from subheading 9011.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

22. A change to subheading 9011.90 from any other heading.

23.

(A) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9012.10 from subheading 9012.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

24. A change to subheading 9012.90 from any other heading.

25.

(A) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.20 from subheading 9013.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

26.

(A) A change to Liquid Crystal Display Assemblies of subheading 9013.80 from any other subheading;

(B) No required tariff change to Liquid Crystal Display Assemblies of subheading 9013.80 provided there is a regional value content of
not less than:

(1) 40 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 30 percent where the net cost method is used;

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 9013.80 from any other heading; or

(D) No required tariff change to any other good of subheading 9013.80, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

27.

(A) A change to subheading 9013.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9013.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.154

USMCA

28.

(A) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from subheading 9014.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

29.

(A) A change to subheading 9014.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9014.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

30.

(A) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from subheading 9015.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

31.

(A) A change to subheading 9015.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9015.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

32. A change to heading 9016 from any other heading.

33.

(A) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9017.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9017.80 from subheading 9017.90.01, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

34. A change to subheading 9017.90 from any other heading.

35. A change to tariff item 9018.11.30 from any other tariff item, except from tariff item 9018.11.60.

36. A change to subheading 9018.11 from any other heading.

37. A change to subheadings 9018.12 through 9018.14 from any other heading.

38. A change to tariff item 9018.19.55 from any other tariff item, except from tariff item 9018.19.75.

39. A change to subheading 9018.19 from any other heading.

40. A change to subheadings 9018.20 through 9018.50 from any other heading.

41. A change to tariff item 9018.90.64 from any other tariff item, except from tariff item 9018.90.68.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.155

USMCA

42. A change to subheading 9018.90 from any other heading.

43.

(A) A change to subheadings 9019.10 through 9019.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of any of subheadings 9019.10 through 9019.20, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

44. A change to heading 9020 from any other heading.

45.

(A) A change to subheadings 9021.10 through 9021.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of any of subheadings 9021.10 through 9021.90, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

46.

(A) A change to subheadings 9022.12 through 9022.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of any of subheadings 9022.12 through 9022.30, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

47. A change to tariff item 9022.90.05 from any other tariff item.

48.

(A) A change to subheading 9022.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9022.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

49. A change to heading 9023 from any other heading.

50.

(A) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from subheading 9024.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

51.

(A) A change to subheading 9024.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9024.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

52.

(A) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.156

USMCA

(B) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from subheading 9025.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 45 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 35 percent where the net cost method is used.

53. A change to subheading 9025.90 from any other heading.

54.

(A) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from subheading 9026.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

55.

(A) A change to subheading 9026.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9026.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

56. A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.50 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

57. A change to a good of subheading 9027.80 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

58.

(A) A change to subheading 9027.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9027.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

59.

(A) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from subheading 9028.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

60. A change to subheading 9028.90 from any other heading.

61.

(A) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from subheading 9029.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

62.

(A) A change to subheading 9029.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9029.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.157

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

63. A change to subheading 9030.10 from any other subheading.

64.

(A) A change to cathode-ray oscilloscopes or cathode-ray oscillographs of subheading 9030.20 from any other good within that subheading
or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 9030.20 from any other subheading.

65. A change to subheading 9030.31 from any other subheading.

66.

(A) A change to subheading 9030.32 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9030.32 from subheading 9030.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

67. A change to subheading 9030.33 from any other subheading, except from printed circuit assemblies (PCAs) of subheading 9030.90.

68. A change to subheading 9030.39 from any other subheading.

69.

(A) Achange to subheadings 9030.40 through 9030.82 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9030.40 through 9030.82 from subheading 9030.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

70. A change to subheadings 9030.84 through 9030.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

71.

(A) A change to subheading 9030.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9030.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

72. A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

73.

(A) A change to subheading 9031.41 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9031.41 from subheading 9031.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

74. A change to tariff item 9031.49.40 from any other tariff item.

75. A change to subheading 9031.49 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.158

USMCA

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 76 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 9031.80 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

76.

(A) A change to subheading 9031.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9031.80 from subheading 9031.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

77. A change to a good of 9031.90 from any other good within that subheading or any other subheading.

78.

(A) A change to subheading 9032.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to a good of subheading 9032.10 from within that subheading or subheadings 9032.89 through 9032.90, whether or not
there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 45 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 35 percent where the net cost method is used.

79. A change to subheadings 9032.20 through 9032.81 from any other subheading, includinganother subheading within that group.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 80 pertain to goods provided for in subheading 9032.89 for use in a
motor vehicle of chapter 87.

80.

(A) A change to subheading 9032.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9032.89 from subheading 9032.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 45 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 35 percent where the net cost method is used.

81.

(A) A change to subheading 9032.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of subheading 9032.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

82.

(A) A change to heading 9033 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 9033, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

Chapter 91

1.

(A) A change to headings 9101 through 9106 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9101 through 9106 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.159

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

2.

(A) A change to heading 9107 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9107 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a
regional value content of not less than:

(1) 45 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 35 percent where the net cost method is used.

3.

A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided there is a regional
value content of not less than:

(A) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(B) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from subheading 9111.90 or any other heading, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than:

(A) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(B) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

5.

A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(B) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

6.

A change to subheading 9112.20 from subheading 9112.90 or any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than:

(A) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(B) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

7.

A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(B) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

8.

A change to heading 9113 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(B) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

9.

A change to heading 9114 from any other heading.

Chapter 92

1.

(A) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from heading 9209, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.160

USMCA

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

2.

A change to heading 9209 from any other heading.

Chapter 93

1.

(A) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from heading 9305, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to heading 9305 from any other heading.

A change to headings 9306 through 9307 from any other chapter.

2.

3.

Chapter 94

Chapter rule 1: For the purposes of the subdivisions pertaining to this chapter, whenever the subdivision designation is underscored, the
provisions of subdivision (k) of this note may apply to goods for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

Subheading rule: The underscoring of the designations in subdivision 1 pertain to goods provided for in subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80
for use in a motor vehicle of chapter 87.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from subheading 9401.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 9401.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9402.10 through 9402.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 9403.10 through 9403.89 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9403.10 through 9403.89 from subheading 9403.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

2.

3.

4.

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

.5. A change to subheading 9403.90 from any other heading.

6.

7.

A change to subheadings 9404.10 through 9404.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

8.

A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.40 from any subheading outside that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.161

USMCA

9.

(A) A change to subheading 9405.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9405.50 from subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

10. A change to subheading 9405.60 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99 from any other heading.

12. A change to heading 9406 from any other chapter.

Chapter 95

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 9503.00 through 9505.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of any of subheadings 9503.00 through 9505.90, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(1) 45 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 35 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheadings 9506.11 through 9506.29 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 9506.31 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9506.31 from subheading 9506.39, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheadings 9506.32 through 9506.39 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 9506.40 through 9506.99 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 9507 through 9508 from any other chapter.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

Chapter 96

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 9601 through 9605 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9606.10 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.29 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

4.

A change to subheading 9606.30 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.162

USMCA

5.

(A) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from subheading 9607.20, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheading 9607.20 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.50 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, whether or not thereis also a change
from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

A change to subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 9609 through 9612 from any other chapter.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from subheading 9613.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 45 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 35 percent where the net cost method is used.

11. A change to subheading 9613.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to a good of heading 9614 from any other good within that heading or any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from subheading 9615.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other
chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 60 percent where the transaction value method is used; or

(2) 50 percent where the net cost method is used.

14. A change to subheading 9615.90 from any other heading.

15. A change to headings 9616 through 9618 from any other chapter.

Heading rule: A good of heading 9619 shall be considered originating, notwithstanding the origin of the following materials, provided that the
good otherwise meets the applicable product-specific rule of origin:

(a) rayon filament, other than lyocell or acetate, of headings 5403 or 5405; or

(b) rayon fiber, other than lyocell or acetate, of headings 5502, 5504, or 5507.

16.

(A) A change to sanitary towels or tampons of heading 9619 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.163

USMCA

(B) A change to a good of textile wadding of heading 9619 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapters 54 through 56 or 61 through 62;

(C) A change to any other good of textile material of heading 9619 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006or chapters 61 through 62,
provided the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the USMCA countries;
or

(D) A change to any other good of heading 9619 from any other heading.

Chapter 97

1.

A change to headings 9701 through 9706 from any other chapter.

(p) Goods that shall be deemed to be originating goods.—Notwithstanding any other provisions of this note, the following goods named in
the first column below and classified in the provisions enumerated in the second column shall be deemed to be originating goods when
imported into the customs territory of the United States from another USMCA country:

Automated data processing machines........................................8471.30, 8471.41, 8471.49

Digital processing units...............................................................8471.50

Combined input/output units.......................................................8471.60.10

Display units...............................................................................8528.42.00, 8528.52.00, 8528.62.00

Other input or output units..........................................................8471.60.20, 8471.60.70, 8471.60.80, 8471.60.90

Storage units..............................................................................8471.70

Other units of automated data processing machines.................8471.80

Parts of machines of subheading 8443.31 or 8443.32,

excluding facsimile machines and teleprinters.......................8443.99

Parts of automated data processing machines and

units thereof............................................................................8473.30

Parts of local area network (LAN) equipment of

subheading 8517.62...............................................................8517.70

Parts of monitors and projectors of subheading

8528.42, 8528.52 or 8528.62.................................................8529.90.22, 8529.90.75, 8529.90.99

Computer power supplies..........................................................8504.40.60, 8504.40.70, 8504.90.20, 8504.90.41

(q) Exceptions to change in tariff classification rules.

(i) Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (o) of this note, a good imported from Canada in subheading 1517.10 shall be treated

as originating if there is a change from heading 1511 or any other chapter.

(ii) Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (o) of this note, or general note 7 to the tariff schedule, a good provided for in tariff

items 1702.90.05, 1702.90.10, 1702.90.20, 1702.90.35, 1702.90.40, 1702.90.52, 1702.90.54, 1702.90.58, 1702.90.64, 1702.90.68,
1702.90.90, 1806.10.43, 1806.10.45, 1806.10.55, 1806.10.65, 1806.10.75, 2106.90.42, 2106.90.44 or 2106.90.46 that is exported
from the territory of Mexico shall not be treated as originating, if any material provided for in subheading 1701.99 used in the
production of that good is not a qualifying good. For purposes of this subparagraph, the term “qualifying good” means an originating
good that is an agricultural good, except that in determining whether the good is an originating good, operations performed in or
materials obtained from Canada shall be considered as if they were performed in or obtained from a non-USMCA country.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.164

NAFTA

12. North American Free Trade Agreement. [Note deleted July 1, 2021; superseded by general note 11 as of July 1, 2020.]

13. Pharmaceutical products. Whenever a rate of duty of "Free" followed by the symbol "K" in parentheses appears in the "Special" subcolumn
for a heading or subheading, any product (by whatever name known) classifiable in such provision which is the product of a country
eligible for tariff treatment under column 1 shall be entered free of duty, provided that such product is included in the pharmaceutical
appendix to the tariff schedule. Products in the pharmaceutical appendix include the salts, esters and hydrates of the International
Non-proprietary Name (INN) products enumerated in table 1 of the appendix that contain in their names any of the prefixes or suffixes
listed in table 2 of the appendix, provided that any such salt, ester or hydrate is classifiable in the same 6-digit tariff provision as the
relevant product enumerated in table 1.

14.

Intermediate chemicals for dyes. Whenever a rate of duty of "Free" followed by the symbol "L" in parentheses appears in the special
subcolumn for a heading or subheading, any product classifiable in such provision which is the product of a country eligible for tariff
treatment under column 1 shall be entered free of duty, provided that such product is listed in the intermediate chemicals for dyes appendix
to the tariff schedule.

15 Exclusions. Whenever any agricultural product of chapters 2 through 52, inclusive, is of a type (i) subject to a tariff-rate quota and (ii)

subject to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 99, entries of such products described in this note shall not be counted against the
quantity specified as the in-quota quantity for any such product in such chapters:

(a)

such products imported by or for the account of any agency of the U.S. Government;

(b)

(c)

such products imported for the personal use of the importer, provided that the net quantity of such product in any one shipment
does not exceed 5 kilograms;

such products, which will not enter the commerce of the United States, imported as samples for taking orders, for exhibition, display
or sampling at a trade fair, for research, for use by embassies of foreign governments or for testing of equipment, provided that
written approval of the Secretary of Agriculture or his designated representative the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
is presented at the time of entry;

(d) blended syrups containing sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, capable of being further processed or mixed with similar
or other ingredients, and not prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported,
provided that, subject to approval of the Foreign Trade Zones Board, such syrups are manufactured in and entered from a U.S.
foreign trade zone by a foreign trade zone user whose facilities were in operation on June 1, 1990, to the extent that the annual
quantity entered into the customs territory from such zone does not contain a quantity of sugar of nondomestic origin greater than
that authorized by the Foreign Trade Zones Board for processing in the zones during calendar year 1985; and

(e)

cotton entered under the provisions of U.S. note 6 to subchapter III of chapter 99 and subheadings 9903.52.00 through 9903.52.26,
inclusive.

In applying to USDA for approval under subdivision (c) of this note, the importer must identify the product, quantity and intended use of
the goods for which exemption is sought. USDA may seek additional information and specify such conditions of entry as it deems
necessary to ensure that the product will not enter the commerce of the United States.

The Secretary of Agriculture shall carry out the provisions of this note in consultation with the United States Trade Representative.

16 Products of Countries Designated as Beneficiary Countries under the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA). 1/

(a) The following sub-Saharan African countries, having been designated as beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries for purposes
of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA), have met the requirements of the AGOA and, therefore, are to be afforded the
tariff treatment provided in this note, shall be treated as beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries for purposes of this note:

Republic of Angola
Republic of Benin
Republic of Botswana
Republic of Cape Verde
Republic of Chad
Union of the Comoros

Republic of Malawi       
Islamic Republic of Mauritania
Republic of Mauritius
Republic of Mozambique
Republic of Namibia
Federal Republic of Nigeria

1/ As of the date of preparation of this edition, Congress has not renewed the effectiveness of the AGOA program. Per Public Law 114-27,
the effective period for these benefits ended September 30, 2025.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.165

CBTPA

Republic of Congo
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of Côte d’Ivoire
Republic of Djibouti
Eswatini
The Gambia
Republic of Ghana

Republic of Guinea-Bissau (Guinea-Bissau)
Republic of Kenya
Kingdom of Lesotho
Republic of Liberia
Republic of Madagascar (Madagascar)

Republic of Rwanda
Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Principe
Republic of Senegal
Republic of Sierra Leone
Republic of South Africa

United Republic of Tanzania
Republic of Togo

Republic of Zambia

(b) Articles provided for in a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special” subcolumn followed by the symbol “D” in chapters

1 through 97 of the tariff schedule are those designated by the President to be eligible articles pursuant to section 111(a) of the
AGOA and section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (“the 1974 Act”). Whenever an eligible article which is a good of a designated
beneficiary sub-Saharan African country enumerated in subdivision (a) of this note is imported directly into the customs territory of
the United States, such article shall be entitled to receive the duty-free treatment provided for herein, without regard to the limitations
on preferential treatment of eligible articles in section 503(c)(2)(A) of the 1974 Act, provided that such good--

(i)

is the growth, product or manufacture of a designated beneficiary sub-Saharan African country enumerated in subdivision (a)
of this note, and

(ii)

the sum of--

(A)

the cost or value of the materials produced in one or more designated beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries, plus

(B)

the direct costs of processing operations performed in the designated beneficiary sub-Saharan African country or any
two or more designated beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries that are members of the same association of countries
which is treated as one country under section 507(a)2 of the 1974 Act,

is not less than 35 per centum of the appraised value of such article at the time it is entered. If the cost or value of the materials
produced in the customs territory of the United States is included with respect to an eligible article, an amount not to exceed
15 per centum of the appraised value of such article at the time it is entered that is attributed to such United States cost or
value may be applied toward determining the percentage referred to in clause (ii)(B) above. No article or material of a designated
beneficiary sub-Saharan African country enumerated in subdivision (a) of this note and receiving the tariff treatment specified
in this note shall be eligible for such duty-free treatment by virtue of having merely undergone simple combining or packing
operations, or mere dilution with water or mere dilution with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics
of the article.

(iii) For purposes of subdivision (ii)(A) above, a “former beneficiary sub-Saharan African country” is a country that, after being
designated as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under the AGOA and enumerated in subdivision (a) of this note,
ceased to be designated as such a country by reason of its entering into a free trade agreement with the United States.

(c) The duty-free treatment provided for in this note shall be effective with respect to eligible articles entered, or withdrawn from

warehouse for consumption, as of the date proclaimed by the President and shall continue in effect through the close of September
30, 2025.

17. Products of Countries Designated as Beneficiary Countries under the United States-Caribbean Basin Trade Partnership Act of 2000.

(a) The Caribbean Basin countries that will be enumerated in this note in a Federal Register notice by the United States Trade

Representative, having previously been designated by the President pursuant to section 211 of the United States-Caribbean Basin
Trade Partnership Act (CBTPA), shall be treated as beneficiary countries for purposes of this note on and after the effective date
announced in such notice. The following countries have been determined by the USTR to have satisfied the customs requirements
of the CBTPA and, therefore, to be afforded the tariff treatment provided for in this note:

Barbados, Belize, Curaçao, Guyana, Haiti, Jamaica, Saint Lucia, Trinidad and Tobago.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.166

CBTPA

(b) Except as provided in subdivision (d) of this note, articles provided for in a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special”
subcolumn followed by the symbol “R” in chapters 1 through 97 of the tariff schedule are those designated by the President to be
eligible articles for purposes of the CBTPA pursuant to section 211 of that Act. Whenever an eligible article which is a good of one
or more designated beneficiary CBTPA countries enumerated in subdivision (a) of this note is imported directly into the customs
territory of the United States, such article shall be entitled to receive the duty-free or reduced duty treatment provided for herein,
provided that such good--

(i) was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more designated beneficiary countries enumerated in

subdivision (a) of this note, or

(ii) would be an originating good for purposes of general note 11 to the tariff schedule, if such good were imported thereunder.

No article or material of a designated beneficiary country enumerated in subdivision (a) of this note and receiving the tariff treatment
specified in this note shall be eligible for such duty-free treatment by virtue of having merely undergone simple combining or packing
operations, or mere dilution with water or mere dilution with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of
the article.

(c) Whenever a rate of duty other than “Free” appears in the “Special” rates of duty subcolumn for any heading or subheading followed
by the symbol “E” or “E*” and a lower rate of duty appears in such subcolumn followed by the symbol “R”, an eligible article under
the terms of this note entered under such provision from a designated beneficiary CBTPA country enumerated in subdivision (a)
of this note shall receive such lower rate of duty.

(d) Subdivision (b)(ii) of this note shall not apply to footwear provided for in any of subheadings 6403.59.60, 6403.91.30, 6403.99.60

and 6403.99.90 of the tariff schedule, and footwear provided for in any such subheading shall be eligible for the rate of duty set
forth in the “Special” rates of duty subcolumn followed by the symbol “R” in parentheses if--

(i)

(ii)

the article of footwear is the growth, product or manufacture of a designated beneficiary country enumerated in subdivision
(a) of this note; and

the article meets all requirements of general note 7 to the tariff schedule other than being the growth, product or manufacture
of a beneficiary country set forth in subdivision (a) of such general note 7.

(e)

(i)

Articles that undergo production in a CBTPA beneficiary country and a former CBTPA beneficiary country.

(A) For purposes of determining eligibility of an article for preferential treatment under this note, references to--

(1) a “CBTPA beneficiary country” shall be considered to include any former CBTPA beneficiary country, and

(2)

“CBTPA beneficiary countries” shall be considered to include former CBTPA beneficiary countries,

if the article, or good used in the production of the article, undergoes production in a CBTPA beneficiary country.

(B) An article that is eligible for preferential treatment under subdivision (e)(i) of this note shall not be ineligible for such

treatment because the article is imported directly from a former CBTPA beneficiary country.

(C) Notwithstanding subdivisions (e)(i)(A) and (e)(i)(B), an article that is a good of a former CBTPA beneficiary country for

purposes of section 304 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304) or section 334 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act
(19 U.S.C. 3592), as the case may be, shall not be eligible for preferential treatment under this note.

(D) Notwithstanding subdivision (e)(i)(C) of this note, an article shall be eligible for preferential treatment under this note if--

(1)

the article is a good of Dominican Republic for purposes of section 304 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304)
or section 334 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3592), as the case may be, and

(2)

the article, or a good used in the production of the article, undergoes production in Haiti.

(ii)

(A) The term “former CBTPA beneficiary country” means a country that ceases to be designated as a CBTPA beneficiary

country under this note because the country has become a party to a free trade agreement with the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.167

Jordan

(B) For the purposes of this note, the following countries are former CBTPA beneficiary countries:

El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Panama

(f)

The tariff treatment provided for in this note shall be effective with respect to eligible articles from a designated CBTPA country
enumerated in subdivision (a) of this note that are entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or the date announced
in one or more Federal Register notices issued by the United States Trade Representative as the date on which each CBTPA
beneficiary country qualifies for the tariff treatment provided in this note, and shall remain in effect through the earlier of--

(i)

the close of September 30, 2030; or

(ii)

the date on which the Free Trade Area of the Americas or another free trade agreement that makes substantial progress in
achieving the negotiating objectives set forth in section 108(b)(5) of Public Law 103-182 (19 U.S.C. 3317(b)(5)) enters into
force with respect to the United States and the CBTPA beneficiary country.

18 United States-Jordan Free Trade Area Implementation Act.

(a) The products of Jordan described in Annex 2.1 of the Agreement between the United States of America and the Hashemite Kingdom
of Jordan on the Establishment of a Free Trade Area, entered into force on October 24, 2000, are subject to duty as provided herein.
Products of Jordan, as defined in subdivisions (b) through (d) of this note, that are imported into the customs territory of the United
States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special” subcolumn followed by the symbol “JO” in
parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment set forth in the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 101 and 102 of the
United States-Jordan Free Trade Area Implementation Act (Public Law 107-43, 115 Stat. 243).

(b) For purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (d) and (e), goods imported into the customs territory of the

United States are eligible for treatment as “products of Jordan” only if–

(i)

such goods are imported directly from Jordan into the customs territory of the United States, and

(ii)

they are–

(A) wholly the growth, product or manufacture of Jordan, or

(B) new or different articles of commerce that have been grown, produced or manufactured in Jordan and meet the requirements

of subdivision (c) of this note.

(c)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(A) of this note, except as otherwise provided in subdivision (d) for textile and apparel articles,
the expression “ wholly the growth, product or manufacture of Jordan” refers both to--

(A) an article which has been entirely grown, produced or manufactured in Jordan, and

(B) all materials incorporated in an article which have been entirely grown, produced or manufactured in Jordan,

but does not include articles or materials imported into Jordan from another country, whether or not such articles or materials
were substantially transformed into new or different articles of commerce after their importation into Jordan.

(ii) For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B), goods are eligible for the tariff treatment provided in this note if the sum of–

(A)

the cost or value of the materials produced in Jordan, plus

(B)

the direct costs of processing operations performed in Jordan,

is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of such article at the time it is entered. If the cost or value of materials
produced in the customs territory of the United States is included with respect to an article to which this subdivision applies,
an amount not to exceed 15 percent of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered that is attributable to such
United States cost or value may be applied toward determining the percentage referred to in this subdivision.

(iii) No article may be considered to meet the requirements of this note by virtue of having merely undergone–

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.168

Jordan

(A) simple combining or packaging operations, or

(B) mere dilution with water or mere dilution with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the

article.

(iv) For purposes of subdivision (ii)(A), the term “ cost or value of materials” includes–

(A)

the manufacturer’s actual cost for the materials,

(B) when not included in the manufacturer’s actual cost for the materials, the freight, insurance, packing and all other costs

incurred in transporting the materials to the manufacturer’s plant,

(C)

the actual cost of waste or spoilage (material list), less the value of recoverable scrap, and

(D)

taxes and/or duties imposed on the materials by a party to the Agreement, provided they are not remitted upon exportation.

When a material is provided to the manufacturer without charge, or at less than fair market value, its cost or value shall be
determined by computing the sum of (I) all expenses incurred in the growth, production or manufacturer of the material, including
general expenses; (II) an amount for profit; and (III) freight, insurance, packing, and all other costs incurred in transporting the
material to the manufacturer’s plant. If the pertinent information is not available, the appraising officer may ascertain or estimate
the value thereof using all reasonable ways and means at his disposal.

(v) For purposes of subdivision (ii)(B), the term “ direct costs of processing operations” performed in Jordan means those costs

either directly incurred in, or which can be reasonably allocated to, the growth, production, manufacture or assembly of the
goods entered under the terms of subdivision (a) of this note. That term includes, but is not limited to, the following, to the
extent that they are includible in the appraised value of goods imported into the customs territory of the United States–

(A) all actual labor costs involved in the growth, production, manufacture or assembly of the specific merchandise, including

fringe benefits, on-the-job training and the cost of engineering, supervisory, quality control and similar personnel, and

(B) dies, molds, tooling and depreciation on machinery and equipment which are allocable to the specific merchandise,

(C)

research, development, design, engineering and blueprint costs insofar as they are allocable to the specific article, and

(D) costs of inspecting and testing the specific article;

but that term does not include costs which are not directly attributable to the merchandise concerned, or are not costs of
manufacturing the product, such as (I) profit, and (II) general expenses of doing business which are either not allocable
to the specific merchandise or are not related to the growth, production, manufacture or assembly of the merchandise,
such as administrative salaries, casualty and liability insurance, advertising and salesmen’s salaries, commissions or
expenses.

(vi) For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, except for goods covered by the provisions of subdivision (d) of this note, the

term “ imported directly” means–

(A) direct shipment from Jordan to the United States without passing through the territory of any intermediate country, or

(B)

if shipment is through the territory of an intermediate country, the articles in the shipment do not enter into the commerce
of any intermediate country and the invoices, bills of lading and other shipping documents show the United States as the
final destination, or

(C)

if shipment is through an intermediate country and the invoices and other documents do not show the United States as
the final destination, then the articles in the shipment are imported directly only if they–

(1)

remain under the control of the customs authority in an intermediate country,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.169

Jordan

(2) do not enter into the commerce of an intermediate country except for the purpose of a sale other than at retail,

provided that the articles are imported as a result of the original commercial transaction between the importer and
the producer or the producer’s sales agent, and

(3) have not been subjected to operations other than loading and unloading, and other activities necessary to preserve

the article in good condition.

(d) Textile and apparel articles.

(i)

For purposes of this note, a textile or apparel article imported directly from Jordan into the customs territory of the United States
shall be eligible for the tariff treatment provided in subdivision (a) of this note only if–

(A)

the article is wholly obtained or produced in Jordan;

(B)

the article is a yarn, thread, twine, cordage, rope, cable or braiding, and–

(1)

the constituent staple fibers are spun in Jordan, or

(2)

the continuous filament is extruded in Jordan;

(C)

the article is a fabric, including a fabric classified in chapter 59 of the tariff schedule, and the constituent fibers, filaments
or yarns are woven, knitted, needled, tufted, felted, entangled or transformed by any other fabric-making process in
Jordan; or

(D)

the article is any other textile or apparel article that is wholly assembled in Jordan from its component pieces.

Such textile and apparel articles not wholly obtained or produced in Jordan must comply with the requirements of this subdivision
and of subdivision (c)(ii) of this note.

(ii) For purposes of subdivision (d)(i)(A) of this note, an article is “wholly obtained or produced in Jordan” if it is wholly the growth,

product or manufacture of Jordan.

(Iii) Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (d)(i)(D) and except as provided in subdivisions (d)(5) and (d)(6) of this note,

subdivision (d)(i)(A), (d)(i)(B) or (d)(i)(C), as appropriate, shall determine whether a good that is classified in one of the following
headings or subheadings of the tariff schedule shall be considered to meet the requirements of subdivision (b) of this note:
5609, 5807, 5811, 6209.20.50 (the requirement of this subdivision applies only to babies’ diapers of this provision), 6213,
6214, 6301, 6302, 6304, 6305, 6306, 6307.10, 6307.90, 6308 and 9404.90.

(iv) Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (d)(i)(D) and except as provided in subdivisions (d)(v) and (d)(vi) of this note, a

textile or apparel article which is knit-to-shape in Jordan shall be considered to meet the requirements of subdivision (b) of
this note.

(v) Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (d)(i)(D) of this note, a good classified in subheading 6117.10, heading 6213 or
6214 or subheadings 6302.22, 6302.29, 6302.53, 6302.59, 6302.93, 6302.99, 6303.92, 6303.99, 6304.19, 6304.93, 6304.99,
9404.90.85 or 9494.90.95 of the tariff schedule, except for a good classified in any such provision as of cotton or of wool or
consisting of fiber blends containing 16 percent or more by weight of cotton, shall be considered to meet the requirements of
subdivision (b) of this note if the fabric in the good is both dyed and printed in Jordan, and such dyeing and printing is
accompanied by two or more of the following finishing operations: bleaching, shrinking, fulling, napping, decating, permanent
stiffening, weighting, permanent embossing or moireing.

(vi) Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (d)(i)(C) of this note, a fabric classified in the tariff schedule as of silk, cotton,

man-made fiber, or vegetable fiber shall be considered to meet the requirements of subdivision (b) of this note if the fabric is
both dyed and printed in Jordan, and such dyeing and printing is accompanied by two or more of the following finishing
operations: bleaching, shrinking, fulling, napping, decating, permanent stiffening, weighting, permanent embossing or moireing.

(vii) If the origin of a textile or apparel article cannot be determined under subdivision (d)(i) or (d)(iii) through (d)(vi), inclusive, of

this note, then that article shall be considered to meet the requirements of subdivision (b) of this note if–

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.170

Singapore

(A)

the most important assembly or manufacturing process occurs in Jordan, or

(B)

if the applicability of subdivision (b) of this note cannot be determined under subdivision (d)(vii)(A) of this note, the last
important assembly or manufacturing occurs in Jordan.

(e) Exclusion. A good shall not be considered to meet the requirements of subdivision (b) of this note if the good–

(i)

is imported into Jordan, and, at the time of importation, would be classified in heading 0805 of the tariff schedule, and

(ii)

is processed in Jordan into a good classified in subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, inclusive, of the tariff schedule.

(f) Certification and records. Whenever an importer enters an article as eligible for the preferential treatment provided under this note–

(i)

the importer shall be deemed to certify that such article qualifies for the preferential treatment provided under this note;

(Ii)

the importer shall be prepared to submit to the customs officer concerned, upon request, a declaration setting forth all pertinent
information concerning the production or manufacture of the article, and the information on such declaration should contain
at least the following pertinent details:

(A) a description of the article, quantity, numbers and marks of packages, invoice numbers and bills of lading;

(B) a description of the operations performed in the production of the article in Jordan and identification ofthe direct costs of

processing operations;

(C) a description of any materials used in the production of the article which are wholly the growth, product or manufacture

of Jordan or of the United States, and a statement as to the cost or value of such materials;

(D) a description of the operations performed on, and a statement as to the origin and cost or value of, any foreign materials

used in the article which are claimed to have been sufficiently processed in Jordan so as to be materials produced in
Jordan; and

(E) a description of the origin and cost or value of any foreign materials used in the article which have not been substantially

transformed in Jordan.

This declaration shall be prepared, signed and submitted upon request by the U.S. customs officer concerned. A declaration
should only be requested when the Customs Service has reason to question the accuracy of the certification that, by operation
of subdivision (f)(i) of this note, is deemed to have occurred, or when the Customs Service procedures for assessing the risk
of improper or incorrect entry of an article indicate that verification of an entry is appropriate, or when a random verification is
conducted. The information necessary for the preparation of the declaration shall be retained in the files of the importer for a
period of five years.

(g) The Secretary of the Treasury, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, shall prescribe such regulations as

may be necessary to carry out this note.

[General notes 19 through 24, inclusive, were transferred and designated as subdivisions (e) through (j), respectively, of general
note 3 to the tariff schedule.]

25. United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement (SFTA) are subject to duty as provided

herein. For the purposes of this note, goods of Singapore, as defined in subdivisions (b) through (o) of this note, that are imported
into the customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special”
subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol “SG” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment and quantitative limitations
set forth in the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 201 and 202 of the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement
Implementation Act (Pub.L.108-78; 117 Stat. 948).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.171

Singapore

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (n) and (o) thereof, goods imported into the customs

territory of the United States are eligible for treatment as originating goods of a SFTA country under the terms of this note only if
they–

(i) were wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both;

(ii)

are goods that, in their condition as imported, are enumerated in subdivision (m) of this note and imported from the territory
of Singapore; or

(iii) have been transformed in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, so that each nonoriginating material:

(A) undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note as a result of production

occurring entirely in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both; or

(B)

if no change in tariff classification is required, the good otherwise satisfies the applicable requirements set forth in such
subdivision (o).

An importer may make a claim for preferential treatment under this note based on the importer's knowledge or on information in
the importer's possession that the good qualifies as an originating good. For the purposes of this note, the term “SFTA country”
refers only to Singapore or to the United States.

(c)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, except as otherwise provided in subdivision (d) of this note for textile and apparel
articles, the expression “wholly obtained or produced” refers to goods that are–

(A) mineral goods extracted from the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both;

(B) vegetable goods (for purposes of the tariff schedule) harvested in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or

both;

(C)

live animals born and raised in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both;

(D) goods obtained from hunting, trapping, fishing, or aquaculture conducted in the territory of Singapore or of the United

States, or both;

(E) goods (fish, shellfish and other marine life) taken from the sea by vessels registered or recorded with Singapore or the

United States and flying its flag;

(F) goods produced exclusively from products referred to in subdivision (E) on board factory ships registered or recorded

with Singapore or the United States and flying its flag;

(G) goods taken by Singapore or the United States, or a person of Singapore or the United States, from the seabed or beneath
the seabed outside territorial waters, provided that Singapore or the United States has rights to exploit such seabed;

(H) goods taken from outer space, provided they are obtained by Singapore or the United States or a person of Singapore
or the United States and are not processed in the territory of a country other than Singapore or the United States;

(I) waste and scrap derived from–

(1) production in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both; or

(2) used goods collected in such territory, provided such goods are fit only for the recovery of raw materials;

(J)

recovered goods derived in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, from used goods; or

(K) goods produced in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, exclusively from goods referred to in

subdivisions (A) through (I) above, inclusive, or from the derivatives of such goods.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.172

Singapore

(ii)

(A) For the purposes of subdivision (i)(J), the term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that are

the result of:

(1)

the complete disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(2)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing of those parts as necessary for improvement to sound working
condition by one or more of the following processes: welding, flame spraying, surface machining, knurling, plating,
sleeving and rewinding; the foregoing in order for such parts to be assembled with other parts, including other
recovered parts, in the production of a remanufactured good as defined in subdivision (ii)(B).

(B) The term “remanufactured good” for purposes of this note means an industrial good assembled in the territory of Singapore

or of the United State that is enumerated herein and–

(1)

is entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods;

(2) has the same life expectancy and meets the same performance standards as a new good; and

(3) enjoys the same factory warranty as such a new good.

For purposes of this note, a “remanufactured good” must, in its condition as imported, be classifiable in a tariff provision
enumerated in the first column below and be described opposite such provision:

Heading/Subheading

Articles Eligible for Treatment as Remanufactured Goods
Under this Note

(1) 8408

Compression-ignition internal combustion engines (diesel or

semi-diesel engines)

(2) 8409.91, 8409.99

Parts (other than aircraft engines) for use solely or principally

with the engines of heading 8407 or 8408

(3) 8412.21

(4) 8412.29

(5) 8412.39

(6) 8412.90

(7) 8413.30

(8) 8413.50

(9) 8413.60

(10) 8413.91

Linear acting hydraulic power engines and motors (cylinders)

Other hydraulic power engines and motors

Pneumatic power engines and motors (other than linear acting

(cylinders))

Parts of engines and motors of heading 8412

Fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal

combustion engines

Other reciprocating positive displacement pumps

Other rotary positive displacement pumps

Parts of pumps for liquids, whether or not fitted with a

measuring device; parts of liquid elevators

(11) 8414.30

Compressors of a kind used in refrigerating equipment

(including air conditioning)

(12) 8414.80

Other air or vacuum pumps, air or other gas compressors and

fans not elsewhere enumerated in heading 8414; other
ventilating or recycling hoods incorporating a fan, whether or
not fitted with filters, the foregoing not elsewhere enumerated
in heading 8414

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.173

Singapore

(13) 8414.90

Parts of air or vacuum pumps, air or other gas compressors

(14) 8419.89

(15) 8431.20

(16) 8431.49

(17) 8481.20

(18) 8481.40

(19) 8481.80

(20) 8481.90

and fans; parts of other ventilating or recycling hoods
incorporating a fan, whether or not fitted with fittings

Other machinery, plant or equipment of heading 8419

Parts of machinery of heading 8427

Other parts of machinery, not elsewhere enumerated in heading

8431

Valves for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions

Safety or relief valves

Other appliances, not elsewhere enumerated in heading 8481

Parts of taps, cocks, valves and similar appliances for pipes,

boiler shells, tanks, vats or the like, including
pressure-reducing valves and thermostatically controlled
valves

(21) 8483.10

Transmission shafts (including camshafts and crankshafts)

and cranks

(22) 8483.30

Bearing housings, not incorporating ball or roller bearings; plain

shaft bearings

(23) 8483.40

(24) 8483.50

(25) 8483.60

(26) 8483.90

Gears and gearing, other than toothed wheels, chain sprockets
and other transmission elements entered separately; ball or
roller screws; gear boxes and other speed changers, including
torque converters

Flywheels and pulleys, including pulley blocks

Clutches and shaft couplings (including universal joints)

Toothed wheels, chain sprockets and other transmission

elements presented separately; parts of goods of heading
8483

(27) 8503

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the machines

of heading 8501 or 8502

(28) 8511.40

(29) 8511.50

(30) 8526.10

(31) 8537.10

Starter motors and dual purpose starter-generators

Other generators, not elsewhere enumerated in heading 8511

Radar apparatus

Boards, panels, consoles, desks, cabinets and other bases,
equipped with two or more apparatus of heading 8535 or
8536, for electric control or the distribution of electricity,
including those incorporating instruments or apparatus of
chapter 90, and numerical control apparatus, other than
switching apparatus of heading 8517, all the foregoing for a
voltage not exceeding 1,000 V

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.174

Singapore

(32) 8542.21

(33) 8708.31

(34) 8708.39

(35) 8708.40

(36) 8708.60

Digital monolithic integrated circuits

Mounted brake linings for the motor vehicles of headings 8701

to 8705

Brakes and servo-brakes for the motor vehicles of headings
8701 to 8705, and parts thereof (other than mounted brake
linings of subheading 8708.31)

Gear boxes for the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705

Non-driving axles and parts thereof for the motor vehicles of

headings 8701 to 8705

(37) 8708.70

Road wheels and parts and accessories thereof for the motor

vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705

(38) 8708.93

Clutches and parts thereof for the motor vehicles of headings

8701 to 8705

(39) 8708.99

(40) 9031.49

Other parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings
8701 to 8705, not elsewhere enumerated in heading 8708

Other optical instruments and appliances (except for inspecting
semiconductor wafers or devices or for inspecting photomasks
or reticles used in manufacturing semiconductor devices),
not specified or included elsewhere in chapter 90.

(C) For the purposes of this note–

(1)

the term “material” means a good that is used in the production of another good;

(2)

the term “material that is self-produced” means a good, such as a part or ingredient, that is produced by a producer
and used by such producer in the production of another good;

(3)

the term “used” as it appears in this subdivision means used or consumed in the production of goods; and

(4) a “nonoriginating material” is a material that has not satisfied the requirements of this note.

(D) For the purposes of this note, the term “production” means growing, raising, mining, harvesting, fishing, trapping, hunting,

manufacturing, processing, assembling or disassembling a good; and the term “producer” means a person who grows,
raises, mines, harvests, fishes, traps, hunts, manufactures, processes, assembles or disassembles a good.

(iii) A good shall not be considered to be an originating good if, after it has undergone production that satisfies the requirements
of this note, the good undergoes subsequent production or any other operation outside the territory of Singapore and of the
United States, other than unloading, reloading or any other operation necessary to preserve it in good condition or to transport
the good to the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

(d) Textile and apparel articles.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (ii) below, a textile or apparel good provided for in chapters 50 through 63 of the tariff schedule
that is not an originating good under the terms of this note because certain fibers or yarns used in the production of the
component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good do not undergo an applicable change in tariff
classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note, shall nonetheless be considered to be an originating good if the total weight
of all such fibers or yarns in that component is not more than seven percent of the total weight of that component. Notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, a textile or apparel good containing elastomeric yarns in the component of the good that determines
the tariff classification of the good shall be considered an originating good only if such yarns are wholly formed in the territory
of Singapore or of the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.175

Singapore

(ii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this note, an apparel good of chapter 61 or 62 of the tariff schedule shall be considered
to be an originating good if it is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of
the United States, or both, from fabric or yarn, regardless of the origin of such fabric or yarn, designated by the appropriate
United States government authority as fabric or yarn not available in commercial quantities in a timely manner in the United
States. Such designation must have been made in a notice published in the Federal Register on or before November 15, 2002,
identifying apparel goods made from such fabric or yarn as eligible for entry into the United States under subheading 9819.11.24
or 9820.11.27 of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule. For purposes of this subdivision, reference in such a notice to yarn or fabric
formed in the United States is deemed to include yarn or fabric formed in Singapore.

(e) De minimis.

(i)

A good, other than a textile or apparel good described in subdivision (d) of this note, that does not undergo a change in tariff
classification pursuant to subdivision (o) of this note shall nonetheless be considered to be an originating good if–

(A)

the value of all nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good that do not undergo the required change in
tariff classification does not exceed 10 percent of the adjusted value of the good;

(B)

if the good is subject to a regional value-content requirement under the terms of subdivision (g) or (o) of this note, the
value of such nonoriginating materials is taken into account in calculating the regional value content of the good; and

(C)

the good meets all other applicable criteria set forth in this note for qualifying as an originating good.

(ii) Subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to–

(A) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4 or in subheading 1901.90 that is used in the production of a good

provided for in chapter 4;

(B) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4 or in subheading 1901.90 that is used in the production of a good

provided for in the following provisions: subheadings 1901.10, 1901.20 or 1901.90; heading 2105; or subheadings 2106.90,
2202.90 or 2309.90;

(C) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0805 or subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 that is used in the

production of a good provided for in subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 or in subheading 2106.90 or 2202.90;

(D) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 15 that is used in the production of a good provided for in headings 1501

through 1508, 1512, 1514 or 1515;

(E) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1701 that is used in the production of a good provided for in headings

1701 through 1703;

(F) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 17 or heading 1805 that is used in the production of a good provided for

in subheading 1806.10;

(G) a nonoriginating material provided for in headings 2203 through 2208 that is used in the production of a good provided

for in headings 2207 or 2208; and

(H) a nonoriginating material used in the production of a good provided for in chapters 1 through 21, inclusive, unless the

nonoriginating material is provided for in a different subheading than the good for which origin is being determined under
this note.

(iii) For the purposes of this note, the term “adjusted value” means the value determined under articles 1 through 8, article 15 and
the corresponding interpretative notes of the Agreement on Implementation of Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade (the Customs Valuation Agreement), except that such value may be adjusted to exclude any costs, charges or
expenses incurred for transportation, insurance and related services incident to the international shipment of the merchandise
from the country of exportation to the place of importation.

(f) Accumulation.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.176

Singapore

(i)

For purposes of this note, originating materials from the territory of either Singapore or the United States that are used in the
production of a good in the territory of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of such other country.

(ii) A good is an originating good when it is produced in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, by one or more

producers, provided that the good satisfies all of the applicable requirements of this note.

(g) Regional value content.

(i) Where a rule set forth in subdivision (o) of this note specifies a regional value content for a good, the regional value content

of such good shall be calculated, at the choice of the person claiming the tariff treatment authorized by this note for such good,
on the basis of one of the following methods, unless otherwise specified herein:

(A) For the build-down method, the regional value content may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC = ((AV -

VNM)/AV) x 100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value; and
VNM is the value of non-originating materials that are acquired and used by the producer in the production of the good;
or

(B) For the build-up method, the regional value content may be calculated on the basis of the formulaRVC = (VOM /AV) x

100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value; and VOM is the
value of originating materials that are acquired or self-produced and are used by the producer in the production of the
good.

(ii) Value of materials.

(A) For purposes of calculating the regional value content of a good under subdivision (i) and for purposes of applying the

de minimis provisions of subdivision (e) of this note, the value of a material is:

(1)

in the case of a material imported by the producer of the good, the adjusted value of the material;

(2)

(3)

in the case of a material acquired in the territory where the good is produced, except for a material to which subdivision
(3) below applies, the adjusted value of the material; or

in the case of a material that is self-produced, or in a case in which the relationship between the producer of the
good and the seller of the material influenced the price actually paid or payable for the material, including a material
obtained without charge, the sum of–

(I)

all expenses incurred in the production of the material, including general expenses; and

(II) an amount for profit.

(B) The value of materials may be adjusted as follows:

(1)

for originating materials, the following expenses, if not included under subdivision (A) above, may be added to the
value of the originating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the location
of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Singapore or of the United
States, or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable,
including credit against duty or tax paid or payable; and

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or by-product; and

(2)

for non-originating materials, if included under subdivision (A) above, the following expenses may be deducted from
the value of the nonoriginating material:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.177

Singapore

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the location
of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Singapore or of the United
States, or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable,
including credit against duty or tax paid or payable;

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or by-products;

(IV) the cost of processing incurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States in the production of the

non-originating material; and

(V)

the cost of originating materials used in the production of the nonoriginating material in the territory of Singapore
or of the United States.

(h) Accessories, spare parts and tools.

Accessories, spare parts or tools that are delivered with a good and that form part of the good's standard accessories, spare parts
or tools shall be treated as originating goods for purposes of this note if the good is an originating good, and shall be disregarded
in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo an applicable change in tariff
classification specified in subdivision (o) of this note, provided that:

(i)

the accessories, spare parts or tools are not invoiced separately from the good;

(ii)

the quantities and value of the accessories, spare parts or tools are customary for the good; and

(iii)

if the good is subject to a regional value-content requirement, the value of the accessories, spare parts or tools shall be taken
into account as originating or non-originating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of the
good under subdivision (g) of this note.

(i)

Fungible goods and materials.

(i)

A person claiming the treatment provided in this note for a good may claim that a fungible good or material is originating either
based on the physical segregation of each fungible good or material or by using an inventory management method. For
purposes of this subdivision, the term “inventory management method” means:

(A) averaging,

(B)

“last-in, first-out,”

(C)

“first-in, first out,” or

(D) any other method that is recognized in the generally accepted accounting principles of the country in which the production

is performed (whether Singapore or the United States) or otherwise accepted by that country.

The term “fungible goods” or fungible materials” means goods or materials, as the case may be, that are interchangeable for
commercial purposes and the properties of which are essentially identical.

(ii) A person selecting an inventory management method under subdivision (i) above for particular fungible goods or materials

shall continue to use that method for those fungible goods or materials throughout the fiscal year of that person.

(j)

Packaging materials and containers.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.178

Singapore

(i)

Packaging materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail sale, if classified with the good for which the tariff
treatment under the terms of this note is claimed, shall be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials
used in the production of the good undergo the applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note
and, if the good is subject to a regional value-content requirement, the value of such packaging materials and containers shall
be taken into account as originating or non-originating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content
of the good.

(ii) Packing materials and containers in which a good is packed for shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether–

(A)

the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set
out in subdivision (o) of this note; and

(B)

the good satisfies a regional value-content requirement.

(k)

Indirect materials.

An indirect material shall be considered to be an originating material for purposes of this note without regard to where it is produced,
and its value shall be the cost registered in the accounting records of the producer of the good. The term “indirect material” means
a good used in the production, testing or inspection of a good but not physically incorporated into the good, or a good used in the
maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated with the production of a good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in production or used to operate equipment and buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the goods;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other goods that are not incorporated into the good but the use of which in the production of the good can reasonably be

demonstrated to be a part of that production.

(l) Record-keeping requirements and verification.

(i)

(ii)

An importer of a good, for which treatment as an originating good of a SFTA country is claimed under the provisions of this
note, shall be prepared to submit, upon request by the appropriate customs officer, a statement setting forth the reasons that
the good qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, including pertinent cost and manufacturing information,
as provided in pertinent regulations.

Importers shall maintain for a period of five years after the date of importation their records relating to the importation of the
good and shall, upon request by the appropriate customs officer, make available records which are necessary to demonstrate
that a good qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, including records concerning:

(A)

the purchase of, cost of, value of and payment for the good;

(B)

the purchase of, cost of, value of and payment for all materials, including indirect materials, used in the production of the
good; and

(C)

the production of the good in the form in which the good is exported.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.179

Singapore

(iii) For purposes of determining whether a good imported into the customs territory of the United States from the territory of

Singapore qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, the appropriate customs officer may conduct a
verification by means of–

(A)

requests for information from the importer;

(B) written requests for information to an exporter or a producer in the territory of Singapore or of the United States;

(C)

requests for the importer to arrange for the producer or exporter to provide information directly to the country conducting
the verification;

(D)

information received directly by the appropriate customs officer from an exporter or a producer as a result of a process
described in subdivision (i) above;

(E) visits to the premises of an exporter or a producer in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, in accordance with
any procedures that these countries jointly adopt pertaining to the verification, as set forth in pertinent regulations; or

(F) such other procedures as the United States and Singapore may agree, as set forth in pertinent regulations.

(m) Goods that shall be considered originating goods. For the purposes of subdivision (b)(ii) of this note, goods that, in their condition
as imported, are classifiable in the tariff provisions enumerated in the first column and are described opposite such provisions, when
such goods are imported into the customs territory of the United States from the territory of Singapore, shall be considered originating
goods for the purposes of this note:

Heading/Subheading

Articles Subject to this Note

(1)

3818

Chemical elements doped for use in electronics, in the form of
disks, wafers or similar forms; chemical compounds doped
for use in electronics

(2)

7017.10.30, 7020.00.30

Quartz reactor tubes and holders designed for insertion into

diffusion and oxidation furnaces for production of
semiconductor wafers

(3)

8443.31.00, 8443.32.10, 8443.39.00,

Plotters, whether input or output units of the automatic data

8443.99.50, 8471.49.00, 9017.10.40,
9017.20.70, 9017.90.01

processing machines of heading 8471 or drawing or drafting
machines of heading 9017

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

8443.31.00, 8443.32.50

Facsimile machines

8443.31.00, 8443.32.10, 8443.99, 8471.60,

Input or output units (including printers), whether or not

8528.42.00, 8528.52.00, 8528.62.00

containing storage units in the same housing; parts of printers

8443.32.50

8443.39.10

Teleprinters

Electrostatic photocopying apparatus, operating by reproducing
the original image directly onto the copy (direct process)

(8)

8443.39.30

Other photocopying apparatus, incorporating an optical system

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.180

Singapore

(9)

8443.99.25, 8443.99.35, 8443.99.40,

Printed Circuit Assemblies for products falling within this

8443.99.45, 8471.50.01, , 8473.21.00,
8473.29.00, 8473.30.11, 8473.40.10,
8473.40.21, 8473.50.30, 8486.90.00,
8504.40.60, 8504.40.85, 8504.90.20,
8504.90.65, 8517.62.00, 8517.70.00,
8518.90.20, 8518.90.60, 8522.90.45,
8531.90.15, 8537.10.91, 8537.20.00,
8538.90.10, 8543.70, 8543.90, 9013.90.50
9017.90.01, 9026.90.20, 9026.90.60,
9027.90.45, 9027.90.54, 9027.90.64,
9027.90.84, 9030.90.64, 9030.90.84,
9031.90.54, 9031.90.70

agreement, including such assemblies for external
connections such as cards that conform to the PCMCIA
standard. Such printed circuit assemblies consist of one or
more printed circuits of heading 8534 with one or more active
elements assembled thereon, with or without passive
elements Active elements means diodes, transistors, and
similar semiconductor devices, whether or not photosensitive,
of the heading 8541,and integrated circuits and micro
assemblies of heading 8542.

(10)

8443.99.30, 8443.99.35, 8443.99.50,

Parts of facsimile machines or teleprinters; parts of the

8517.70.00

apparatus of heading 8517

(11)

8443.99.40, 8443.99.45

Parts and accessories of copying machines

(12)

8470

(13)

8471

(14)

8471

Calculating machines and pocket-size data recording,
reproducing and displaying machines with calculating
functions; accounting machines, postage-franking machines,
ticket-issuing machines and similar machines, incorporating
a calculating device; cash registers

Automatic data processing machines and units thereof;

magnetic or optical readers, machines for transcribing data
onto data media in coded form and machines for processing
such data, not elsewhere specified or included

Automatic data processing machines capable of (1) storing the

processing program or programs and at least the data
immediately necessary for the execution of the program; (2)
being freely programmed in accordance with the requirements
of the user; (3) performing arithmetical computations specified
by the user; and (4) executing, without human intervention,
a processing program which requires them to modify their
execution, by logical decision during the processing run (The
agreement covers such automatic data processing machines
whether or not they are able to receive and process with the
assistance of central processing unit telephony signals,
television signals or other analogue or digitally processed
audio or video signals. Machines performing a specific
function other than data processing, or incorporating or
working in conjunction with an automatic data processing
machines, and not otherwise specified herein, are not covered
by this agreement.)

(15)

8471.30.01, 8471.41.01, 8471.49.00,

Analogue or hybrid automatic data processing machines

8471.50.01

(16)

8471.49.00, 8471.70.60, 8471.70.90

Optical disc storage units, for automatic data processing

(17)

8471.30.01

machines (including CD drives and DVD drives), whether or
not having the capability of writing/ recording as well as
reading, whether or not in their own housings

Portable digital automatic data processing machines, weighing
no more than 10 kg, consisting of at least a central processing
unit, a keyboard and a display

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.181

Singapore

(18)

8471.41.01

Other digital automatic data processing machines comprising
in the same housing at least a central processing unit and an
input and output unit, whether or not combined

(19)

8471.49.00

Other digital automatic data processing machines presented

in the form of systems

(20)

8471.49.00, 8471.60.10, 8473.30.11,

Flat panel displays (including LCD, electro luminescence,

8473.30.51, 8486.90.00, 8517.70.00,
8528.52.00, 8528.62.00, 8531.20.00,
8531.90.15, 8531.90.75, 8543.70.87,
8543.90.65, 8543.90.85, 9013.80.70,
9013.90.50

(21)

8471.49.00, 8471.80.10, 8471.80.40,

8471.80.90, 8517.61.00, 8517.62.00,
8517.69.00

plasma and other technologies) for products falling within this
agreement, and parts thereof

Network equipment: Local Area Network (LAN) and Wide Area
Network (WAN) apparatus, including those products dedicated
for use solely or principally to permit the interconnection of
automatic data processing machines and units thereof for a
network that is used primarily for the sharing of resources
such as central processor units, data storage devices and
input and output units including the adapters, hubs, in line
repeaters, converters, concentrators, bridges and routers,
and printed circuit assemblies for physical incorporation into
automatic data processing machines and unit thereof

(22)

8471.49.00, 8471.70, 8523.29.10, 8523.29.90,

8523.41.00, 8523.49.20, 8523.49.40,
8523.51.00, 8523.59.00, 8523.80.20

Proprietary format storage devices including media therefor
for automatic data processing machines, with or without
removable media and whether magnetic, optical or other
technology, including Bernoulli Box, Syquest, or Zipdrive
cartridge storage units

(23)

8471.50.01

(24)

8471.70

Digital processing units other than those of subheadings

8471.41 and 8471.49, whether or not in the same housing
one or two of the following types of units: storage units, input
units, output units

Storage units, including central storage units, optical disk

storage units, hard disk drives and magnetic tape storage
units

(25)

8471.80, 8517.62.00

Other units of automatic data processing machines

(26)

8471.90.00

(27)

8472.90.10

(28)
(29)

8472.90.50
8473.21

(30)

8473.29

(31)

8473.30

(32)

8473.50

Other

Automatic teller machines

Word processing machines
Parts and accessories of the machines of heading 8470 of the

electronic calculating machines of subheading 8470.10,
8470.21 or 8470.29

Parts and accessories of the machines of heading 8470, other
than electronic calculating machines of subheading 8470.10,
8470.21 or 8470.29

Parts and accessories of the machines of heading 8471

Parts and accessories equally suitable for use with machines

of two or more of headings 8469 to 8472

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.182

Singapore

(33)

8486.10.00

Apparatus for growing or pulling monocrystal semiconductor

boules

(34)

8486.10.00, 8486.20.00, 8486.30.00

Apparatus for wet-etching, developing, stripping or cleaning

(35)

8486.10.00

semi-conductor wafers and flat panel displays

Machines for working any material by removal of material, by

laser or other light or photo-beam in the production of
semi-conductor wafers

(36)

8486.10.00

Machines for sawing monocrystal semiconductor boules into

slices, or wafers into chips

(37)

8486.10.00

Grinding, polishing and lapping machines for processing of

(38)

8486.10.00

(39)

8486.20.00

(40)

8486.20.00

(41)

8486.20.00

semiconductor wafers

Dicing machine for scribing or scoring semiconductor wafers

Epitaxial deposition machines for semiconductor wafers

Physical deposition apparatus for semiconductor production

Spinners for coating photographic emulsions on semiconductor

wafers

(42)

8486.20.00

Apparatus for physical deposition by sputtering on

(43)

8486.20.00

(44)

8486.20.00

(45)

8486.20.00

(46)

8486.20.00

(47)

8486.20.00

semiconductor wafers

Apparatus for stripping or cleaning semiconductor wafers

Machines for dry-etching patterns on semiconductor materials

Chemical vapor deposition apparatus for semiconductor

production

Spin dryers for semiconductor wafer processing

Spraying appliances for etching, stripping or cleaning

semiconductor wafers

(48)

8486.20.00

Lasercutters for cutting contacting tracks in semiconductor

(49)

8486.20.00

(50)

8486.20.00

(51)

8486.20.00

(52)
(53)

8486.20.00
8486.20.00

(54)

8486.40.00

production by laser beam

Resistance heated furnaces and ovens for the manufacture of

semi-conductor devices on semi-conductor wafers

Inductance or dielectric furnaces and ovens for the manufacture

of semiconductor devices on semiconductor wafers

Apparatus for rapid heating of semiconductor wafers

Ion implanters designed for doping semiconductor materials
Apparatus for the projection, drawing or plating circuit patterns
on sensitized semiconductor materials or flat panel displays

Die attach apparatus, tape automated bonders, and wire

bonders for assembly of semiconductors

(55)

8486.40.00

Machines for bending, folding and straightening semiconductor

leads

(56)

8486.40.00

Focused ion beam milling machines to produce or repair masks

and reticles for patterns on semiconductor devices

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.183

Singapore

(57)

8486.40.00

(58)

8486.40.00

(59)

8486.40.00

(60)

8486.40.00

Automated machines for transport, handling and storage of
semiconductor wafers, wafer cassettes, wafer boxes and
other material for semiconductor devices

Encapsulation equipment for assembly of semiconductors

Deflash machines for cleaning and removing contaminants

from the metal leads of semiconductor packages prior to the
electroplating process

Pattern generating apparatus of a kind for producing masks

and reticles from photoresist coated substrates

(61)

8486.40.00

Injection and compression molds for the manufacture of

semiconductor devices

(62)

8486.90.00

Parts of chemical vapor deposition apparatus for semiconductor

(63)

8486.90.00

(64)

8486.90.00

(65)

8486.90.00

production

Parts of spin dryers for semiconductor wafer processing

Parts of spraying appliances for etching, stripping or cleaning

semiconductor wafers

Parts for machines for sawing monocrystal semiconductor

boules into slices, or wafers into chips

(66)

8486.90.00

Parts of dicing machines for scribing or scoring semiconductor

wafers

(67)

8486.90.00

Parts of grinding, polishing and lapping machines for processing

(68)

8486.90.00

(69)

8486.90.00

(70)

8486.90.00

of semiconductor wafers

Parts of focused ion beam milling machines to produce or
repair masks and reticles for patterns on semiconductor
devices

Parts of lasercutters for cutting contacting tracks in

semiconductor production by laser beam

Parts of machines for working any material by removal of
material, by laser or other light or photon beam in the
production of semiconductor wafers

(71)

8486.90.00

Parts of apparatus for stripping or cleaning semiconductor

wafers

(72)

8486.90.00

Parts of machines for dry etching patterns on semiconductor

wafers

(73)

8486.90.00

Parts of encapsulation equipment for assembly of

semiconductors

(74)

8486.90.00

Parts of apparatus for physical deposition by sputtering on

(75)

8486.90.00

semiconductor wafers

Parts for die attach apparatus, tape automated bonders, and

wire bonders for assembly of semiconductors

(76)

8486.90.00

Parts for spinners for coating photographic emulsions on

semiconductor wafers

(77)

8486.90.00

Parts of apparatus for growing or pulling monocrystal

semiconductor boules

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.184

Singapore

(78)

8486.90.00

(79)

8486.90.00

(80)

8486.90.00

(81)

8486.90.00

Parts of apparatus for wet etching, developing, stripping or
cleaning semiconductor wafers and flat panel displays

Parts of automated machines for transport, handling and
storage of semiconductor wafers, wafer cassettes, wafer
boxes and other material for semiconductor devices

Parts of epitaxial deposition machines for semiconductor wafers

Parts of machines for bending, folding and straightening

semiconductor leads

(82)

8486.90.00

Parts of physical deposition apparatus for semiconductor

(83)

8486.90.00

(84)

8486.90.00

(85)

8486.90.00

(86)

8486.90.00

(87)

8486.90

(88)

8486.90.00

production

Parts of resistance heated furnaces and ovens for the

manufacture of semiconductor devices on semiconductor
wafers

Parts of apparatus for rapid heating of wafers

Parts of furnaces and ovens classified in subheadings 8486.10

through 8486.40

Parts of ion implanters for doping semiconductor materials

Parts and accessories of the apparatus of subheading 8486.20

Parts and accessories for pattern generating apparatus of a
kind used for producing masks or reticles from photoresist
coated substrates

(89)

8504.40.60, 8504.40.70, 8504.40.85

Static converters for automatic data processing machines and

(90)

8504.50.40

(91)

8517

units thereof, and telecommunications apparatus

Other inductors for power supplies for automatic data

processing machines and units thereof, and
telecommunications apparatus

Electrical apparatus for line telephony or line telegraphy,

including line telephone sets with cordless handsets and
telecommunication apparatus for carrier-current line systems
or for digital line systems; videophones; parts thereof

(92)

8517.61.00, 8517.62.00, 8517.69.00

Transmission apparatus other than apparatus for

radio-broadcasting or television

(93)

8517.61.00, 8517.62.00, 8517.12.00, 8525.60

Transmission apparatus incorporating reception apparatus

(94)

8517.11.00

(95)

8517.18.00

Line sets with cordless handsets

Other telephone sets and videophones

(96)

8517.61.00, 8517.62.00

Other apparatus, for carrier-current line systems or for digital

line systems

(97)

8471.80.40, 8517.62.00

Multimedia upgrade kits for automatic data processing

machines, and units thereof, put up for retail sale, consisting
of, at least, speakers and/or microphones as well as a printed
circuit assembly that enables the ADP machines and units
thereof to process audio signals (sound cards)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.185

Singapore

(98)

8517.62.00, 8517.69.00, 8517.70.00

Paging alert devices, and parts thereof

(99)

8517.69.00

(100)

8517.69.00

(101)

8517.69.00

(102)

8517.70.00

(103)

8515.70.00

(104)

8518.10.40

(105)

8518.29.40

(106)
(107)

8518.30.10
8518.40.10, 8518.90.20, 8518.90.60

(108)

8519.50.00

(109)

8523.29.10

(110)

8523.29.20

Telephonic or telegraphic switching apparatus

Other apparatus including entry phone systems

Portable receivers for calling, alerting or paging.

Aerials or antennae of a kind used with apparatus for

radio-telephony and radio-telegraphy

Parts of transmission apparatus other than apparatus for
radio-broadcasting or television transmission apparatus
incorporating reception apparatus and parts of portable
receivers for calling, alerting or paging

Microphones having a frequency range of 300 Hz to 3.4 KHz
with a diameter of not exceeding 10 mm and a height not
exceeding 3 mm, for telecommunication use

Loudspeakers, without housing, having a frequency range of
300 Hz to 3.4 KHz with a diameter of not exceeding 50 mm,
for telecommunication use

Line telephone handsets
Electric amplifiers when used as repeaters in line telephony
products falling within this agreement, and parts thereof

Telephone answering machines

Magnetic discs

Magnetic tapes for reproducing phenomena other than sound

or image

(111)

8523.29.20, 8523.29.90, 8523.49.20

Media for reproducing phenomena other than sound or image

(112)

8523.29.30, 8523.29.40

Magnetic tapes of a width not exceeding 4 mm

(113)

8523.29.50, 8523.29.60

Magnetic tapes of a width exceeding 4 mm but not exceeding

6.5 mm

(114)

8523.29.70, 8523.29.80

Magnetic tapes of a width exceeding 6.5 mm

(115)

8523.29.90, 8523.59.00, 8523.80.20

Other: For reproducing representations of instructions, data,
sound and image, recorded in a machine readable binary
form, and capable of being manipulated or providing
interactivity to a user, by means of an automatic data
processing machine

(116)

8523.29.90, 8523.41.00, 8523.51.00,

Other

8523.59.00, 8523.80.20

(117)

8523.49.20

Discs for laser reading systems for reproducing phenomena

other than sound or images

(118)

8523.49.40

Other: For reproducing representations of instructions, data,
sound and image, recorded in a machine readable binary
form, and capable of being manipulated or providing
interactivity to a user, by means of an automatic data
processing machine

(119)

8523.52.00, 8542, 8548.90.01

Electronic integrated circuits and microassemblies; parts thereof

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.186

Singapore

(120)
(121)

8523.52.00
8525.50.10, 8528.71.20

(122)

8525.80.40

(123)

8528.42.00

Proximity cards and tags
Set top boxes which have a communication function: a

microprocessor-based device incorporating a modem for
gaining access to the internet, and having a function of
interactive information exchange

Digital still image video cameras

Monitors: display units of automatic data processing machines
with a cathode ray tube with a dot screen pitch smaller than
0.4 mm, not capable of receiving and processing television
signals or other analogue or digitally processed audio or video
signals without assistance of a central processing unit of a
computer as defined in this agreement. The agreement does
not, therefore, cover televisions, including high definition
televisions.

(124)

8528.52, 8528.62.00

Projection type flat panel display units used with automatic

data processing machines which can display digital
information generated by the central processing unit

(125)

8531.20.00

Indicator panels incorporating liquid crystal devices (LCD) or

light emitting diodes (LED)

(126)

8531.90.15, 8531.90.75

Parts of apparatus of subheading 8531.20

(127)

8532

(128)

8533

(129)

8534

(130)

8536.50.70

(131)

8536.50.70

Electrical capacitors, fixed, variable or adjustable (pre-set);

parts thereof

Electrical resistors (including theostats and potentiometers),

other than heating resistors; parts thereof

Printed circuits

Electronic AC switches consisting of optically coupled input

and output circuits (Insulated thyristor AC switches)

Electronic switches, including temperature protected electronic

switches, consisting of a transistor and a logic chip
(chip-on-chip technology) for a voltage not exceeding 1000
volts

(132)

8536.50.70

Electromechanical snap-action switches for a current not

(133)

8536.69.40

(134)

8536.90.40

exceeding 11 amps

Plugs and sockets for co-axial cables and printed circuits

Connection and contact elements for wires and cables

(135)

8536.90.40, 9030.82

Wafer probers

(136)

8541

(137)

8543.70.87

(138)

8544.42.20

Diodes, transistors and similar semiconductor devices;

photosensitive semiconductor devices, including photovoltaic
cells whether or not assembled in modules or made up into
panels; light-emitting diodes; mounted piezoelectric crystals;
parts thereof

Electrical machines with translation or dictionary functions

Other electric conductors, for a voltage not exceeding 80 V,

fitted with connectors, of a kind used for telecommunications

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.187

Singapore

(139)

8544.42.20

Other electric conductors, for a voltage exceeding 80 V but not
exceeding 1000 V, fitted with connectors, of a kind used for
telecommunications

(140)

8544.49.10

Other electric conductors, for a voltage not exceeding 80 V,

(141)

8544.70.00

(142)

9018

(143)

9019

(144)

9021

(145)

9026

(146)

9027.20

(147)

9027.30

not fitted with connectors, of a kind used for
telecommunication
Optical fiber cables

Instruments and appliances used in medical, surgical, dental
or veterinary sciences, including scintigraphic apparatus,
other electro-medical apparatus and sight testing instruments;
parts and accessories thereof

Mechano-therapy appliances; massage apparatus;

psychological aptitude-testing apparatus; ozone therapy,
oxygen therapy, aerosol therapy, artificial respiration or other
therapeutic respiration apparatus; parts and accessories
thereof

Orthopedic appliances, including crutches, surgical belts and
trusses; splints and other fracture appliances; artificial parts
of the body; hearing aids and other appliances which are
worn or carried, or implanted in the body, to compensate for
a defect or disability; parts and accessories thereof

Instruments and apparatus for measuring or checking the flow,
level, or other variables of liquids or gases (for example, flow
meters, level gauges, manometers, heat meters), excluding
instruments and apparatus of heading 9014, 9015, 9028 or
9032; parts and accessories thereof

Chromatographs and electrophoresis instruments

Spectrometers, spectrophotometers and spectrographs using

optical radiations (UV, visible, IR)

(148)

9027.50.40, 9027.50.80

Other instruments and apparatus using optical radiations (UV,

visible, IR) of heading 9027

(149)

9027.80

Other instruments and apparatus of heading 9027 (other than

those of heading 9027.10)

(150)

9027.90.45, 9027.90.54, 9027.90.64,

Parts and accessories of products of heading 9027, other than

9027.90.84

for gas or smoke analyst apparatus and microtomes

(151)

9030.40

(152)

9031.41.00

(153)

9031.41.00

Instruments and apparatus for measuring and checking,

specially designed for telecommunications (for example,
cross-talk meters, gain measuring instruments, distortion
factor meters, psophometers)

Optical stereoscopic microscopes fitted with equipment
specifically designed for the handling and transport of
semiconductor wafer or reticles

Photomicrographic microscopes fitted with equipment

specifically designed for the handling and transport of
semiconductor wafers or reticles

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.188

Singapore

(154)

9031.90.54

(155)

9031.90.54

(156)

9031.80.40

(157)

9030.82

Parts and accessories of optical stereoscopic microscopes
fitted with equipment specifically designed for the handling
and transport of semiconductor wafers or reticles

Parts and accessories of photomicrographic microscopes fitted
with equipment specifically designed for the handling and
transport of semiconductor wafers or reticles

Electron beam microscopes fitted with equipment specifically
designed for the handling and transport of semiconductor
wafers or reticles

Instruments and apparatus for measuring or checking

semiconductor wafers or devices

(158)

9030.90.66

Parts and accessories of instruments and apparatus of

(159)

9031.90.70

subheading 9030.82

Electron beam microscopes fitted with equipment specifically
designed for the handling and transport of semiconductor
wafers or reticles

(160)

9030.90.84

Parts of instruments and appliances for measuring or checking

semiconductor wafers or devices

(161)

9031.41.00, 9031.49.70

Optical instruments and appliances for inspecting

(162)

9031.49.70

semiconductor wafers or devices or for inspecting masks,
photomasks or reticles used in manufacturing semiconductor
devices

Optical instruments and appliances for measuring surface

particulate contamination on semiconductor wafers

(163)

9031.90.54

Parts and accessories of optical instruments and appliances

(164)

9031.90.54

(n)

Interpretation of rules of origin.

for inspecting semiconductor wafers or devices or for
inspecting masks, photomasks or reticles used in
manufacturing semiconductor devices

Parts and accessories of optical instruments and appliances

for measuring surface particulate contamination on
semiconductor wafers

(i) Unless otherwise specified, and except for goods whose origin is determined under subdivision (m) of this note, a rule in

subdivision (o) of this note that is set out adjacent and is applicable to an 8-digit tariff item shall take precedence over a rule
applicable to a 6-digit subheading superior thereto and covering the goods of such tariff item, and a rule set out adjacent and
applicable to a subheading shall take precedence over a rule applicable to a 4-digit heading superior thereto and covering the
goods of such subheading. For purposes of this subdivision and subdivision (o) of this note, a tariff provision is a “heading” if
its article description is not indented; a provision is a “subheading” if no subordinate 8-digit rate lines appear below it.

(ii) References to weight in the rules set forth in subdivision (o) of this note for goods provided for in chapters 1 through 24 of the

tariff schedule mean dry weight, unless otherwise specified in the tariff schedule.

(iii) Except as provided herein, a requirement of a change in tariff classification in subdivision (o) of this note applies only to

nonoriginating materials except as follows:

(A) agricultural and horticultural goods grown in the territory of a SFTA country shall be treated as originating in the territory

of that country even if they are grown from seed, bulbs, rootstock, cuttings, slips or other live parts of plants imported
from a country other than a SFTA country; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.189

Singapore

(B) goods of the provisions listed below which are exported from the territory of a SFTA country shall be treated as

nonoriginating:

(I)

heading 1202, if the goods were not harvested in the territory of a SFTA country;

(II)

subheading 2008.11, if any material provided for in heading 1202 used in the production of such goods was not
harvested in the territory of a SFTA country; or

(III) subheading 1806.10, if such goods contain 90 percent or more by dry weight of sugar and sugar syrups of subheading
2106.90, if any material provided for in subheading 1701.99 used in the production of such goods is not an originating
good.

(iv) A good of chapters 1 through 40, inclusive, shall not be considered to be originating solely by reason of mere dilution with

water or another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the good.

(v) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 27 through 40, inclusive, of the tariff schedule, a “chemical reaction”

is a process (including a biochemical process) which results in a molecule with a new structure by breaking intramolecular
bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial arrangement of atoms in a molecule. The following
are not considered to be chemical reactions for purposes of this note:

(A) dissolving in water or other solvents;

(B)

the eliminating of solvents including solvent water; or

(C)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallization.

A chemical reaction as defined above is considered to result in an originating good for purposes of this note. Notwithstanding
any of the change of tariff classification rules of subdivision (o) of this note, this “chemical reaction rule” may be applied to any
good classified in chapters 28 through 40, inclusive.

(o) Change in tariff classification rules. [NOTE: Not updated for Pres.Proc. 8771, effective Feb. 3, 2012.]

Chapter 1.

1.

A change to headings 0101 through 0106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 2.

1.

A change to headings 0201 through 0210 from any other chapter.

Chapter 3.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 0301 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 0301.11 through 0301.19 from any other chapter, or the raising of goods of such subheading from fry,
including fingerlings.

A change to heading 0302 from any other chapter.

Producing goods of subheadings 0303.23 through 0303.29 by a combination of 3 or more processes, including freezing, cleaning,
gutting, removing of gills, scaling and de-heading.

Producing goods of subheading 0303.41 by a combination of 3 or more processes, including freezing, cleaning, gutting, removing
of gills, scaling and de-heading.

Producing goods of subheading 0303.42 by a combination of 3 or more processes, including freezing, cleaning, gutting, removing
of gills, scaling and de-heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.190

Singapore

6A,

(A) A change to Pacific Bluefin tuna of subheading 0303.45 by a combination of 3 or more processes, including freezing, cleaning,
gutting, removing of gills, scaling and de-heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 0303.45 from any other chapter.

7.

Producing goods of subheading 0303.49 by a combination of 3 or more processes, including freezing, cleaning, gutting, removing
of gills, scaling and de-heading.

7A, Producing goods of subheadings 0303.55 through 0303.59 by a combination of 3 or more process including freezing, cleaning,

gutting, removing of gills, scaling and de-heading.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 0303.89 from any other chapter, or the raising of goods of such subheading from fry, including fingerlings.

A change to headings 0304 through 0308 from any other chapter.

Chapter 4.

1.

A change to headings 0401 through 0410 from any other chapter, except from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by
weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90 and products containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 2106.90.

Chapter 5.

1.

A change to headings 0501 through 0511 from any other chapter.

Chapter 6.

1.

A change to headings 0601 through 0604 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7.

1.

A change to headings 0701 through 0714 from any other chapter.

Chapter 8.

1.

A change to headings 0801 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Chapter 9.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to subheadings 0901.11 through 0901.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 0902 through 0910 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 0904.12 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 0906.20 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 0910.99 from any other heading.

Chapter 10.

1.

A change to headings 1001 through 1008 from any other chapter.

Chapter 11.

1.

A change to headings 1101 through 1109 from any other chapter.

Chapter 12.

1.

A change to headings 1201 through 1214 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.191

Singapore

Chapter 13.

1.

A change to headings 1301 through 1302 from any other chapter.

Chapter 14.

1.

A change to headings 1401 through 1404 from any other chapter.

Chapter 15.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 1501 through 1518 from any other chapter, except from heading 3823.

A change to heading 1520 from any other heading, except from heading 3823.

A change to headings 1521 through 1522 from any other chapter.

Chapter 16.

1.

A change to headings 1601 through 1605 from any other chapter.

Chapter 17.

1.

2.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1704 from any other heading.

Chapter 18.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 1801 through 1805 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that such products of 1806.10 containing 90 percent or more
by dry weight of sugar do not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17 and that products of 1806.10 containing less than 90
percent by dry weight of sugar do not contain more than 35 percent of nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17 nor more than 35 percent
by weight of non-originating cocoa powder of heading 1805.

A change to subheading 1806.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.31 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 1806.32 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 19.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 1901.10 from any other chapter, provided that products of 1901.10 containing over 10 percent by weight
of milk solids do not contain non-originating dairy products of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.20 from any other chapter, provided that products of 1901.20 containing over 25 percent by weight
of butterfat and not put up for retail sale, do not contain non-originating dairy products of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.90 from any other chapter, provided that products of 1901.90 containing over 10 percent by weight
of milk solids do not contain non-originating dairy products of chapter 4.

4.

A change to headings 1902 through 1905 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.192

Singapore

Chapter 20.

Chapter rule 1: Fruit, nut and vegetable preparations of chapter 20 that have been prepared or preserved by freezing, by packing
(including canning) in water, brine or natural juices or by roasting, either dry or in oil (including processing incidental to freezing, packing
or roasting), shall be treated as an originating good only if the fresh good were wholly produced or obtained entirely in the territory of
Singapore or of the United States, or both.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 2001 through 2008 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2008.11 from any other heading, except from heading 1202 and except as provided for in the chapter rule
1 to this chapter.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

A change to subheadings 2009.41 through 2009.89 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter or a change to subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within
chapter 20, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients
from a single country other than Singapore or the United States, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by
volume of the good.

Chapter 21.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 2101 through 2103 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.20 from any other chapter, provided that tomato ketchup of subheading 2103.20 does not contain
non-originating products of subheading 2002.90.

A change to heading 2104 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2105 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by
weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

A change to fruit and vegetable juices of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009, or from
fruit or vegetable juices of subheading 2202.99.

A change to goods of subheading 2106.90 containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids from any other chapter, except from
dairy products of chapter 4 or from dairy preparations of subheading 1901.90.

A change to sugar syrups of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from sugar of chapter 17.

(A) A change to mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from heading 2009 or from mixtures of

juices of subheading 2202.99.

(B) A change to mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90 from any other subheading within chapter 21, from heading 20.09 or

from mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a
single juice ingredient or juice ingredients from one country other than Singapore or the United States constitutes in single
strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

9.

A change to compound alcoholic preparations of subheading 2106.90 from any other subheading, except from headings 2203
through 2209.

10. A change to any other goods of heading 2106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 22.

1.

2.

A change to heading 2201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.10 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.193

Singapore

3.

4.

A change to subheading 2202.91 from any other chapter.

A change to a single fruit or single vegetable juice of subheading 2202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or
2009, or from fruit or vegetable juices of subheading 2106.90; or

5.

A change to mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.99:

(A)

from any other chapter, except from heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90; or

(B)

from any other subheading within chapter 22, from heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from one
country other than Singapore or the United States, constitutes in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of
the good; or

6.

A change to beverages containing milk of subheading 2202.99 from any other chapter, except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations
containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90; or

6A. A change to any other good of subheading 2202.99 from any other chapter.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 2203 from any other heading, except from headings 2203 through 2209.

A change to heading 2204 from any other heading, except from headings 2203 through 2209.

A change to heading 2205 from any other heading, except from headings 2203 through 2209.

10. A change to heading 2206 from any other heading, except from headings 2203 through 2209.

11. A change to heading 2207 from any other heading, except from headings 2203 through 2209.

12. A change to heading 2208 from any other heading, except from headings 2203 through 2209.

13. A change to heading 2209 from any other heading, except from headings 2203 through 2209.

Chapter 23.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 2301 through 2308 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2309.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2309.90 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or subheading 1901.90.

Chapter 24.

1.

A change to headings 2401 through 2403 from any other chapter, or from wrapper tobacco not threshed or similarly processed of
chapter 24, or from homogenized or reconstituted tobacco suitable for use as wrapper tobacco of chapter 24.

Chapter 25.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 2501 through 2516 from any other heading, including another heading in that group.

A change to subheadings 2517.10 through 2517.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2517.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 2517.41 through 2517.49 from any other heading.

A change to headings 2518 through 2530 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.194

Singapore

Chapter 26.

1.

A change to headings 2601 through 2621 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 27.

Chapter rule: Any good of chapter 27 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to headings 2701 through 2706 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided that the good entered under the terms of this note is the product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision
(n)(v) of this note.

A change to headings 2708 through 2709 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to heading 2710 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any good of heading 2710 from any other good of heading 2710, provided that the good classified in heading

2710 is the product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note.

.A change to subheadings 2711.11 through 2711.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from subheading 2711.21.

A change to subheading 2711.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.11.

A change to subheading 2711.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.21.

A change to headings 2712 through 2714 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to heading 2715 from any other heading, except from heading 2714 or subheading 2713.20.

10. A change to heading 2716 from any other heading.

Chapter 28.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 28 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 2801.10 through 2801.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 2802 from any other heading, except from heading 2503.

A change to heading 2803 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2804.10 through 2804.50 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 2804.61 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2804.69.

A change to subheading 2804.69 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2804.61.

A change to subheadings 2804.70 through 2804.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 2805 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.195

Singapore

9.

A change to subheadings 2806.10 through 2806.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

10. A change to headings 2807 through 2808 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

11. A change to subheadings 2809.10 through 2809.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

12. A change to heading 2810 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheading 2811.11 from any other subheading.

13A. A change to subheading 2811.12 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2811.22.

14. A change to subheading 2811.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2811.22.

15. A change to subheading 2811.21 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheading 2811.22 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2505.10, 2506.10 or 2811.19.

17. A change to subheading 2811.29 from any other subheading.

18. A change to subheadings 2812.11 through 2812.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

19. A change to subheadings 2813.10 through 2813.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

20. A change to heading 2814 from any other heading.

21. A change to subheading 2815.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2815.12.

22. A change to subheading 2815.12 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2815.11.

23. A change to subheadings 2815.20 through 2815.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

24. A change to subheadings 2816.10 through 2816.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

25. A change to heading 2817 from any other heading, except from heading 2608.

26. A change to subheadings 2818.10 through 2818.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from heading 2606 or subheading 2620.40.

27. A change to subheadings 2819.10 through 2819.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

28. A change to subheading 2820.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90 or heading 2602.

29. A change to subheading 2820.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90 or heading 2602.

30. A change to subheading 2821.10 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheading 2821.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.30 or subheadings 2601.11 through

2601.20.

32. A change to heading 2822 from any other heading, except from heading 2605.

33. A change to heading 2823 from any other heading.

34. A change to subheadings 2824.10 through 2824.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from heading 2607.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.196

Singapore

35. A change to subheadings 2825.10 through 2825.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

36. A change to subheading 2825.50 from any other subheading, except from heading 2603.

37. A change to subheading 2825.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2615.10.

38. A change to subheading 2825.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2613.10.

39. A change to subheading 2825.80 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2617.10.

40. A change to subheading 2825.90 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in subheading 2825.90 is the product

of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note.

41. A change to subheadings 2826.12 through 2826.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

42. A change to subheadings 2827.10 through 2817.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

43. A change to subheadings 2827.31 through 2827.60 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

44. A change to subheadings 2828.10 through 2828.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

45. A change to subheadings 2829.11 through 2829.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

46. A change to subheadings 2830.10 through 2830.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

47. A change to subheadings 2831.10 through 2831.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

48. A change to subheadings 2832.10 through 2832.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

49. A change to subheadings 2833.11 through 2833.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[TCR 50 deleted.]

51. A change to subheading 2833.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.20.

52. A change to subheadings 2833.22 through 2833.25 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

53. A change to subheading 2833.27 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2511.10.

54. A change to subheading 2833.29 from any other subheading, except from heading 2520.

55. A change to subheadings 2833.30 through 2833.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

56. A change to subheadings 2834.10 through 2834.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

57. A change to subheading 2835.10 from any other subheading.

58. A change to subheadings 2835.22 through 2835.25 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

59. A change to subheading 2835.26 from any other subheading, except from heading 2510.

60. A change to subheadings 2835.29 through 2835.39 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[TCR 61 deleted.]

62. A change to subheading 2836.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.197

Singapore

63. A change to subheadings 2836.30 through 2836.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

64. A change to subheading 2836.50 from any other subheading, except from heading 2509, subheadings 2517.41 or 2517.49, heading

2521 or subheading 2530.90.

65. A change to subheading 2836.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2511.20.

[TCR 66 deleted.]

67. A change to subheading 2836.91 from any other subheading.

[TCR 68 deleted.]

69.

(A) A change to bismuth carbonate of subheading 2836.99 from ammonium carbonates or lead carbonates of subheading 2836.99

or from any other subheading, except from subheading 2617.90; or

(B) A change to lead carbonates of subheading 2836.99 from any other good of subheading 2836.99 or from any other subheading.

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 2836.99 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in subheading

2836.99 is the product of a chemical reaction.

70. A change to subheadings 2837.11 through 2837.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[TCR 71 deleted.]

72. A change to subheading 2839.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2837.19.

73. A change to subheading 2839.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2837.11.

74. A change to subheading 2839.90 from any other subheading.

75. A change to subheading 2840.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2840.19, 2840.20 or 2528.10.

76. A change to subheading 2840.19 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2840.11, 2840.20 or 2528.10.

77. A change to subheading 2840.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2840.11, 2840.19 or 2528.10.

78. A change to subheading 2840.30 from any other subheading.

79. A change to subheading 2841.30 from any other subheading.

80.

(A) A change to chromates of zinc or lead of subheading 2841.50 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2841.50 from any other subheading, except from heading 2610.

81. A change to subheading 2841.61 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2841.69.

82. A change to subheading 2841.69 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2841.61.

83. A change to subheading 2841.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2613.90.

84. A change to subheading 2841.80 from any other subheading, except from heading 2611.

85.

(A) A change to aluminate or chromate salts of zinc or lead of subheading 2841.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2841.90 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in subheading

2841.90 is the product of a chemical reaction.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.198

Singapore

86. A change to subheading 2842.10 from any other subheading.

87.

(A) A change to fulminates, cyanates or thiocyanates of subheading 2842.90 from any other good of subheading 2842.90 or from

any other subheading; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 2842.90 from any other good of subheading 2842.90 or any other subheading, provided

that the good classified in subheading 2842.90 is the product of a chemical reaction.

88. A change to subheading 2843.10 from any other subheading, except from headings 7106, 7108, 7110 or 7112.

89. A change to subheadings 2843.21 through 2843.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

90. A change to subheadings 2843.30 through 2843.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 2616.90.

91. A change to subheading 2844.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2612.10.

92. A change to subheading 2844.20 from any other subheading.

93. A change to subheading 2844.30 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2844.20.

94. A change to subheadings 2844.40 through 2844.50 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

95. A change to heading 2845 from any other heading.

96. A change to subheading 2846 from any other heading, except from subheading 2530.90.

97. A change to heading 2847 from any other heading.

[98. Rule deleted.]

99. A change to subheadings 2849.10 through 2849.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

100. A change to heading 2850 from any other heading.

101. A change to heading 2852 from any other heading, provided that the good classified in heading 2852 is the product of a chemical

reaction.

102. A change to subheading 2853.10 from any other heading.

103. (A) A change to phosphides, whether or not chemically defined, excluding ferrophosphorus, of subheading 2853.90 from any other

good of heading 2853, or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2853.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 29.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 29 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 2901.10 through 2901.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from acyclic petroleum oils of heading 2710 or from subheadings 2711.13, 2711.14, 2711.19 or 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2902.11 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 2902.19 from any other subheading, except from non-aromatic cyclic petroleum oils of subheadings 2707.50
or 2707.99 or heading 2710.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.199

Singapore

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 2902.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.10, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheading 2902.30 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.20, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheadings 2902.41 through 2902.44 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from subheadings 2707.30, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheading 2902.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 2902.60 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.30, 2707.50 or 2707.99 or heading
2710.

A change to subheadings 2902.70 through 2902.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from subheadings 2707.50 or 2707.99 or heading 2710.

10. A change to subheadings 2903.11 through 2903.39 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

11. A change to subheadings 2903.71 through 2903.75 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2903.76 through 2903.78.

12. A change to subheading 2903.76 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2903.71 through 2903.75 and except from

subheadings 2903.77 through 2903.79.

13. A change to subheading 2903.77 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2903.71 through 2903.76 and except from

subheadings 2903.78 through 2903.79.

14. A change to subheading 2903.78 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2903.71 through 2903.77 and except from

subheading 2903.79.

15. A change to subheading 2903.79 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2903.71 through 2903.78.

16. A change to subheadings 2903.81 through 2903.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[17-19.Rules 17-19 deleted.]

20. A change to subheadings 2904.10 through 2904.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

21. A change to subheadings 2905.11 through 2905.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

22. A change to subheadings 2905.22 through 2905.29 from lac of subheading 1301.90, pine oil of subheading 3805.90 or any other

subheading, except from subheadings 1301.90 or 3805.90.

23. A change to subheadings 2905.31 through 2905.44 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

24. A change to subheading 2905.45 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

25. A change to subheadings 2905.49 through 2905.59 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

26. A change to subheading 2906.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3301.24 or 3301.25.

27. A change to subheadings 2906.12 through 2906.13 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[TCR 28 deleted.]

29. A change to subheading 2906.19 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3301.90 or 3805.90.

30. A change to subheading 2906.21 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.200

Singapore

31. A change to subheading 2906.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.99 or 3301.90.

32. A change to subheading 2907.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.99.

33. A change to subheadings 2907.12 through 2907.22 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 2707.99.

34. A change to subheading 2907.23 from any other subheading.

35. A change to subheading 2907.29 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.99.

36. A change to heading 2908 from any other heading.

37. A change to subheadings 2909.11 through 2909.49 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

38. A change to subheading 2909.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

39. A change to subheading 2909.60 from any other subheading.

40. A change to subheadings 2910.10 through 2910.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

41. A change to heading 2911 from any other heading.

42. A change to subheadings 2912.11 through 2912.12 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

43.

(A) A change to subheadings 2912.19 through 2912.49 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, except from subheading 3301.90; or

(B) A change to n-butanal (butyraldehyde, normal isomer) from any other subheading.

44. A change to subheadings 2912.50 through 2912.60 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

45. A change to heading 2913 from any other heading.

46. A change to subheadings 2914.11 through 2914.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3301.90.

47. A change to subheadings 2914.21 through 2914.22 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

48. A change to subheading 2914.23 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

49. A change to subheading 2914.29 from pine oils of subheading 3805.90 or from any other subheading, except from subheading

3301.90 or from goods other than pine oils of subheading 3805.90.

50. A change to subheading 2914.31 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2914.39 or 3301.90.

51. A change to subheading 2914.39 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2914.31 or 3301.90.

52. A change to subheadings 2914.40 through 2914.79 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3301.90.

53. A change to subheadings 2915.11 through 2915.33 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

54. A change to subheadings 2915.36 through 2915.39 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3301.90.

55. A change to subheadings 2915.40 through 2915.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.201

Singapore

56. A change to subheadings 2916.11 through 2916.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

57. A change to subheadings 2916.31 through 2916.39 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3301.90.

58. A change to subheadings 2917.11 through 2917.39 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

59. A change to subheadings 2918.11 through 2918.22 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

60. A change to subheading 2918.23 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

61. A change to subheadings 2918.29 through 2918.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

62. A change to subheading 2918.30 from any other subheading.

63. A change to subheadings 2918.91 through 2918.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3301.90.

64. A change to heading 2919 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 2920.11 through 2920.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

66. A change to subheadings 2921.11 through 2911.59 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

67. A change to subheading 2922.11 through 2922.50 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

68. A change to subheadings 2923.10 through 2923.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

69. A change to subheadings 2924.11 through 2924.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

70. A change to subheadings 2925.11 through 2925.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

71. A change to subheadings 2926.10 through 2926.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

72. A change to headings 2927 through 2928 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

73. A change to subheadings 2929.10 through 2929.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

74. A change to subheadings 2930.20 through 2930.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

75. A change to heading 2931 from any other heading.

76. A change to subheadings 2932.11 through 2932.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3301.90.

77. A change to subheadings 2933.11 through 2933.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

78. A change to subheadings 2934.10 through 2934.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

79. A change to heading 2935 from any other heading.

80. A change to subheadings 2936.21 through 2936.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

81.

(A) A change to unmixed provitamins of subheading 2936.90 from any other good of subheading 2936.90 or from any other

subheading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.202

Singapore

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 2936.90 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2936.21 through

2936.29.

82. A change to headings 2937 through 2941 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

83. A change to heading 2942 from any other chapter.

Chapter 30.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 30 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States..

1.

2.

A change to subheading 3001.20 from any other subheading.

A change to glands and other organs, dried, whether or not powdered of subheading 3001.90 from any other good of subheading
3001.90 or from any other subheading, except from subheadings 0206.10 through 0208.90 or subheading 0305.20, headings 0504
or 0510 or subheading 0511.99, if the change from these provisions is not to a powder classified in subheading 3001.10.

3.

A change to subheadings 3002.11 through 3002.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

3A. A change to subheadings 3002.20 through 3002.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 3003.10 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2941.10, 2941.20 or 3003.20.

A change to subheading 3003.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2941.30 through 2941.90.

A change to subheading 3003.31 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2937.12.

A change to subheading 3003.39 from any other subheading, except from hormones or their derivatives classified in chapter 29.

A change to subheadings 3003.41 through 3003.49 from any other subheading outside that group, except from heading 1211,
subheadings 1302.11, 1302.19, 1302.20 or 1302.39 or alkaloids or derivatives thereof classified in chapter 29.

A change to subheadings 3003.60 through 3003.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
provided that the domestic content of the therapeutic or prophylactic component is no less than 40 percent by weight of the total
therapeutic or prophylactic content.

10. A change to subheading 3004.10 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2941.10, 2941.20, 3003.10 or 3003.20.

11. A change to subheading 3004.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2941.30 through 2941.90 or 3003.20.

12. A change to subheading 3004.31 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2937.12.

13. A change to subheading 3004.32 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3003.39 or adrenal cortical hormones

classified in chapter 29.

14. A change to subheading 3004.39 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3003.39 or hormones or derivatives thereof

classified in chapter 29.

15. A change to subheadings 3004.41 through 3004.49 from any other subheading outside that group, except from heading 1211,

subheadings 1302.11, 1302.19, 1302.20 or 1302.39 or alkaloids or derivatives thereof classified in chapter 29.

16. A change to subheading 3004.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3003.90 or vitamins classified in chapter 29

or products classified in heading 2936.

16A. A change to subheading 3004.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3003.90.

17. A change to subheading 3004.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3003.90.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.203

Singapore

18. A change to subheadings 3005.10 through 3005.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

19. A change to subheading 3006.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 1212.20 or 4206.10.

20. A change to subheadings 3006.20 through 3006.92 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Chapter 31.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 31 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 3101 from any other heading, except from subheading 2301.20 or from powders and meals of subheading
0506.90, heading 0508 or subheadings 0511.91 or 0511.99.

A change to subheadings 3102.10 through 3102.21 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3102.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3102.21 or 3102.30.

A change to subheading 3102.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3102.40 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3102.30.

A change to subheading 3102.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3102.60 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2834.29 or 3102.30.

[TCR 8 deleted.]

9.

A change to subheading 3102.80 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3102.10 or 3102.30.

10.

(A) A change to calcium cyanamide of subheading 3102.90 from other goods of subheading 3102.90 or from any other subheading;

or

(B) A change to any other goods of subheading 3102.90 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheadings 3103.11 through 3103.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

12.

(A) A change to basic slag of subheading 3103.90 from any other goods of subheading 3103.90 or from any other subheading;

or

(B) A change to any other goods of subheading 3103.90 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheadings 3104.20 through 3104.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

14.

(A) A change to carnallite, sylvite or other crude natural potassium salts of subheading 3104.90 from any other subheading or

from other goods of subheading 3104.90; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 3104.90 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheading 3105.10 from any other chapter.

16. A change to subheading 3105.20 from any other heading, except from headings 3102 through 3104.

17. A change to subheadings 3105.30 through 3105.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.204

Singapore

18. A change to subheadings 3105.51 through 3105.59 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheadings 3102.10 through 3103.90 or 3105.30 through 3105.40.

19. A change to subheading 3105.60 from any other subheading, except from headings 3103 through 3104.

20. A change to subheading 3105.90 from any other chapter, except from subheading 2834.21.

Chapter 32.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 32 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 3201.10 through 3201.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3202.10 through 3202.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 3203 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3204.11 through 3204.17 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3204.19 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.17.

A change to subheadings 3204.20 through 3204.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 3205 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3206.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3206.19.

A change to subheading 3206.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3206.11.

10. A change to subheadings 3206.20 through 3206.42 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

10A. (A) A change to pigments or preparations based on cadmium compounds of subheading 3206.49 from any other good of subheading

3206.49 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to pigments or preparations based on hexacyanoferrates of subheading 3206.49 from any other good of subheading

3206.49 or from any other subheading; or

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 3206.49 from any other subheading.

10B. A change to subheading 3206.50 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 3207.10 through 3207.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

12. A change to subheadings 3208.10 through 3208.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

13. A change to subheadings 3209.10 through 3209.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

14. A change to heading 3210 from any other heading.

15. A change to heading 3211 from any other heading, except from subheading 3806.20.

16. A change to subheadings 3212.10 through 3212.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

17. A change to heading 3213 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.205

Singapore

18. A change to subheadings 3214.10 through 3214.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3824.50.

19.

(A) A change to subheading 3215.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 3215.11 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35

percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

20.

(A) A change to subheading 3215.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 3215.19 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35

percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

21. A change to subheading 3215.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 33.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 33 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

A change to subheadings 3301.12 through 3301.13 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

1A.

(A)A change to essential oils of bergamot or lime of subheading 3301.19 from any other good; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 3301.19 from essential oils of bergamot or lime of subheading 3301.19 or from any

other subheading.

1B. A change to subheadings 3301.24 through 3301.25 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

1C.

(A)A change to essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver of subheading 3301.29 from any other good; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 3301.29 from essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver or from

any other subheading.

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 3301.29 from essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver or from

any other subheading.

1D. A change to subheadings 3301.30 through 3301.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 3302 from any other heading, except from subheading 2106.90 or headings 2207, 2208 or 3301.

A change to heading 3303 from any other heading, except from subheading 3302.90.

A change to subheadings 3304.10 through 3304.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3305.10 through 3305.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3306.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3306.20 from any other subheading, except from chapter 54.

A change to subheading 3306.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3307.10 through 3307.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.206

Singapore

Chapter 34.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 34 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 3401 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3402.11 from any other subheading, except from mixed alkylbenzenes of heading 3817.

A change to subheadings 3402.12 through 3402.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3402.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3403.11 through 3403.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from headings 2710 or 2712.

A change to subheadings 3403.91 through 3403.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3404.20 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to artificial waxes of chemically prepared lignite of subheading 3404.90 from any other good of subheading 3404.90

or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 3404.90 from any other subheading, except from heading 1521 or subheadings 2712.20

or 2712.90.

9.

A change to subheadings 3405.10 through 3405.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

10. A change to headings 3406 through 3407 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 35.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 35 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 3501.10 through 3501.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from heading 0407.

A change to subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 3503 through 3504 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheading 3505.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3505.20 from any other subheading, except from heading 1108.

A change to subheading 3506.10 from any other subheading, except from heading 3503 or subheading 3501.90.

A change to subheadings 3506.91 through 3506.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3507.10 through 3507.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.207

Singapore

Chapter 36.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 36 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

A change to headings 3601 through 3606 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 37.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 37 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 3701 through 3703 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 3704 through 3706 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3707.10 through 3707.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Chapter 38.

Chapter rule 1: Any good of chapter 38 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 3801.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3801.20 from any other subheading, except from heading 2504 or subheading 3801.10.

A change to subheading 3801.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3801.90 from any other subheading, except from heading 2504.

A change to headings 3802 through 3805 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3806.10 through 3806.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 3807 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3808.52 through 3808.59 from any other subheading outside that group, provided that 40 percent by
weight of the active ingredient or ingredients is originating.

A change to subheadings 3808.61 through 3808.99 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading 1302.19
or from any insecticide classified in chapter 28 or 29.

[10-12A.Rules 10-12A deleted.]

13. A change to subheading 3809.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3505.10.

14. A change to subheadings 3809.91 through 3808.93 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

15. A change to headings 3810 through 3816 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

16. A change to heading 3817 from any other heading, except from subheading 2902.90.

17. A change to heading 3818 from any other heading.

18. A change to heading 3819 from any other heading, except from heading 2710.

19. A change to heading 3820 from any other heading, except from subheading 2905.31.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.208

Singapore

20. A change to heading 3821 from any other heading.

21. A change to heading 3822 from any other heading, except from subheadings 3002.10 or 3502.90 or heading 3504.

22. A change to subheadings 3823.11 through 3823.13 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from heading 1520.

23. A change to subheading 3823.19 from any other subheading.

24. A change to subheading 3823.70 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

25. A change to subheading 3824.10 from any other subheading, except from heading 3505, subheadings 3806.10 or 3806.20, or

headings 3903, 3905, 3906, 3909, 3911 or 3913.

[TCR 26 deleted.]

27. A change to subheading 3824.30 from any other subheading, except from heading 2849.

28. A change to subheading 3824.40 from any other subheading.

29. A change to subheading 3824.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3214.90.

30. A change to subheading 3824.60 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheadings 3824.84 through 3824.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
provided that no more than 60 percent by weight of the good classified in such a subheading is attributable to one substance or
compound.

32. A change to subheadings 3825.10 through 3825.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
provided that no more than 60 percent by weight of the good classified in such a subheading is attributable to one substance or
compound.

33. A change to subheading 3825.30 from any other heading.

34. A change to subheadings 3825.41 through 3825.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
provided that no more than 60 percent by weight of the good classified in such a subheading is attributable to one substance or
compound.

35. A change to heading 3826 from any other heading, provided that no more than 60 percent by weight of the good classified in such

a heading is attributable to one substance or compound.

Chapter 39.

Chapter rule: Any good of chapter 39 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 3901 through 3915 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided that the
domestic polymer content is not less than 40 percent by weight of the total polymer content.

A change to subheadings 3916.10 through 3916.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3917.10 through 3917.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3918.10 through 3918.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3919.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3919.90.

A change to subheading 3919.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3919.10.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.209

Singapore

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 3920.10 through 3920.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3921.11 through 3921.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 3922 through 3926 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 40.

Chapter rule: Any good of chapter 40 that is a product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (n)(v) of this note, shall be
considered to be an originating good if chemical reaction occurred in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.22 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 4001.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 4001.21 through 4001.22.

A change to subheading 4001.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 4002.11 through 4002.70 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 4002.80 through 4002.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
provided that the domestic rubber content is not less than 40 percent by weight of the total rubber content.

A change to headings 4003 through 4004 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to heading 4005 from any other heading, except from headings 4001 or 4002.

A change to headings 4006 through 4010 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 4011.10 through 4011.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

10. A change to subheadings 4012.11 through 4012.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

11. A change to heading 4013 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheadings 4014.10 through 4014.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

13. A change to heading 4015 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheadings 4016.10 through 4016.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

15. A change to heading 4017 from any other heading.

Chapter 41.

1.

2.

A change to headings 4101 through 4103 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4104 through 4115 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 4201 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4202.11 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.2.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.210

Singapore

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 4202.19 through 4202.21 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheadings 4202.29 through 4202.31 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheadings 4202.39 through 4202.91 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60..

10. A change to subheading 4202.99 from any other chapter.

11. A change to subheadings 4203.10 through 4203.29 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheadings 4203.30 through 4203.40 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to goods of a kind used in machinery or mechanical appliances or for other technical uses of heading 4205 from

any other heading or from other goods of heading 4205; or

(B) A change to other goods of heading 4205 from any other heading.

14. A change to heading 4206 from any other heading.

Chapter 43.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 4301 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4302 from any other heading.

A change to heading 4303 from any other heading, except from heading 4304.

A change to heading 4304 from any other heading, except from heading 4303.

Chapter 44.

1.

A change to headings 4401 through 4421 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 45.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 4501 through 4502 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheading 4503.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4503.90 from any other heading, except from heading 4504.

A change to heading 4504 from any other heading.

Chapter 46.

1.

A change to heading 4601 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.211

Singapore

2.

A change to heading 4602 from any other heading.

Chapter 47.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 4701 through 4702 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 4703.11 through 4703.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 4704.11 through 4704.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 4705 through 4707 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 48.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to headings 4801 through 4807 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheading 4808.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4808.40 from any other heading, except from heading 4804.

A change to subheading 4808.90 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4809 through 4810 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 4811.10 through 4811.59 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4811.59 from any other heading, except from heading 4804.

A change to subheadings 4811.60 through 4811.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4812 through 4814 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

10. A change to heading 4816 from any other heading, except from heading 4809.

11. A change to headings 4817 through 4822 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

[TCR 12 deleted.]

13. A change to subheadings 4823.20 through 4823.40 from any other chapter.

14. A change to subheadings 4823.61 through 4823.70 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

15.

(A) A change to a good of subheading 4823.90, other than to cards not punched and for punchcard machines, from any other

subheading; or

(B) A change to cards not punched and for punchcard machines of subheading 4823.90 from any other chapter.

Chapter 49.

1.

A change to headings 4901 through 4911 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 5004 from any other heading, except from headings 5005 or 5006.

A change to heading 5005 from any other heading, except from headings 5004 or 5006.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.212

Singapore

4.

5.

A change to heading 5006 from any other heading, except from headings 5004 or 5005.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 5101 through 5106 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 5107 from any other heading, except from headings 5106, 5108, 5109 or 5110.

A change to heading 5108 from any other heading, except from headings 5106, 5107, 5109 or 5110.

A change to heading 5109 from any other heading, except from headings 5106, 5107, 5108 or 5110.

A change to heading 5110 from any other heading, except from headings 5106, 5107, 5108 or 5009.

A change to heading 5111 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5112, 5113, 5205 through 5206,
5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5112 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5111, 5113, 5205 through 5206,
5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5113 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5111, 5112, 5205 through 5206,
5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5405 or 5501 through 5507.

A change to heading 5208 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5209, 5210,
5211, 5212, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5209 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5208, 5210,
5211, 5212, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5210 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5208, 5209,
5211, 5212, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5211 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5208, 5209,
5210, 5212, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5212 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5208, 5209,
5210, 5211, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 5306 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to heading 5307 from any other heading, except from headings 5306 or 5308.

A change to heading 5308 from any other heading, except from headings 5306 through 5307.

A change to heading 5309 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to heading 5310 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308 or 5311.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.213

Singapore

7.

A change to heading 5311 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308 or 5310.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through 5507.

A change to heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through
5510.

A change to tariff item 5407.61.11 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to tariff item 5407.61.21 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to tariff item 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5408 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through
5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 5501 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through 5405.

A change to heading 5512 from any other heading except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through
5404, 5509 through 5510, 5513, 5514, 5515 or 5516.

A change to heading 5513 from any other heading except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through
5404, 5509 through 5510, 5512, 5514, 5515 or 5516.

A change to heading 5514 from any other heading except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through
5404, 5509 through 5510, 5512, 5513, 5515 or 5516.

A change to heading 5515 from any other heading except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through
5404, 5509 through 5510, 5512, 5513, 5514 or 5516.

A change to heading 5516 from any other heading except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through
5404, 5509 through 5510, 5512, 5513, 5514 or 5515.

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5308 or 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

A change to headings 5801 through 5811 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.214

Singapore

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5306 through
5311, or chapter 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5310 or 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

A change to headings 6001 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52, heading
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 61.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified in
the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets, skirts,
overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of a Party:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through
5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19,
5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32
through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.35 through 6005.44 or 6006.10
through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to the
component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements set out
in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible lining fabrics listed
in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the garment, excluding
sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.20 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

2.

(A) A change to goods of wool or fine animal hair of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106

through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(1)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United
States, or both, and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61;

or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.215

Singapore

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the
United States, or both.

3.

A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

4.

5.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

(A) A change to tariff items 6103.10.70 or 6103.10.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the
United States, or both; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(1)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United
States, or both, and

(2) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

6.

A change to subheadings 6103.22 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine animal

hair, cotton or man-made fibers, that is imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

[TCR 7 deleted.]

8.

A change to subheading 6103.31 through 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

9.

A change to tariff items 6103.39.40 or 6103.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or
both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.216

Singapore

10. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or
both.

11. A change to subheadings 6104.13 through 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

12.

(A) A change to tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the
United States, or both.

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, Chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(1)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United
States, or both, and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

[TCR 13 deleted.]

14. A change to subheading 6104.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104, or a skirt described in
heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the
requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

15. A change to subheading 6104.23 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104, or a skirt described in
heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the
requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

16. A change to subheading 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.217

Singapore

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104, or a skirt described in
heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the
requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

17. A change to subheading 6104.31 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

18. A change to subheading 6104.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

19. A change to subheading 6104.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

20. A change to subheading 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

21. A change to tariff item 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

22. A change to subheading 6104.41 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

23. A change to subheading 6104.42 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

24. A change to subheading 6104.43 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.218

Singapore

25. A change to subheading 6104.44 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

26. A change to subheading 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

27. A change to subheading 6104.51 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

28. A change to subheading 6104.52 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

29. A change to subheading 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

30. A change to subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

31. A change to tariff item 6104.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

32. A change to tariff item 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheading 6104.61 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.219

Singapore

34. A change to subheading 6104.62 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

35. A change to subheading 6104.63 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

36. A change to subheading 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

37. A change to heading 6105 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through

5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut
(or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

38. A change to heading 6106 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through

5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut
(or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

39. A change to subheading 6107.11 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

40. A change to subheading 6107.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

41. A change to subheading 6107.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

42. A change to subheading 6107.21 from:

(A)

tariff item 6002.92.10 provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband or elastic, is wholly of such fabric and the
good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311,

chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

43. A change to subheading 6107.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

44. A change to subheading 6107.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

45. A change to subheading 6107.91 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

[TCR 46 deleted.]

47. A change to subheading 6107.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.220

Singapore

48. A change to subheading 6108.11 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

49. A change to subheading 6108.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

50. A change to subheading 6108.21 from:

(A)

tariff item 6002.92.10 provided that the good, exclusive of waistband, elastic or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is
both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311,

chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

51. A change to subheading 6108.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

52. A change to subheading 6108.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

53. A change to subheading 6108.31 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10 provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband,
elastic or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore
or of the United States, or both, or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311,

chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

54. A change to subheading 6108.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

55. A change to subheading 6108.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

56. A change to subheading 6108.91 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

57. A change to subheading 6108.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

58. A change to subheading 6108.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

59. A change to headings 6109 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.221

Singapore

60. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or
both.

61. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States,
or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers,
imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the
territory of the United States must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

62. A change to subheading 6112.31 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

63. A change to subheading 6112.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

64. A change to subheading 6112.41 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

65. A change to subheading 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

66. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 62.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21, and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified in the following
sub-headings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets, skirts, overcoats,
carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers, and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of a Party:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through
5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19,
5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32
through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.35 through 6005.44 or 6006.10
through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: Apparel goods of this chapter, shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly of one
or more of the following:

(A) Velveteen fabrics of subheading 5801.23, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton;

(B) Corduroy fabrics of subheading 5801.22, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton and containing more than 7.5

wales per centimeter;

(C) Fabrics of subheading 5111.11 or 5111.19, if hand-woven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven in the United Kingdom
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Association, Ltd., and so certified by the Association;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.222

Singapore

(D) Fabrics of subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 grams per square meter, containing wool, not less than 20 per

cent by weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 per cent by weight of man-made staple fibers; or

(E) Batiste fabrics of subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single yarns exceeding 76 metric count, containing
between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of a weight not exceeding 110 grams per square meter.

Chapter rule 3: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to the
component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff A change requirements set
out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff A change requirements for visible lining fabrics
listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the garment,
excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11, 6201.12 or 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheading 6201.91 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

4.

A change to subheading 6201.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

5.

A change to subheading 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

6.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.223

Singapore

7.

A change to subheading 6202.11 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

8.

A change to subheading 6202.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

9.

A change to subheading 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

10. A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

11. A change to subheading 6202.91 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

12. A change to subheading 6202.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

13. A change to subheading 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.224

Singapore

14. A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

15. A change to subheading 6203.11 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

16. A change to subheading 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

17. A change to subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

18. A change to tariff item 6203.19.50 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

19. A change to tariff item 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

[TCR 20 deleted.]

21. A change to subheading 6203.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine animal

hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material used in the
apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter
62.

22. A change to subheading 6203.23 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.225

Singapore

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine animal

hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material used in the
apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter
62.

23. A change to subheading 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine animal

hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material used in the
apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter
62.

24. A change to subheading 6203.31 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

25. A change to subheading 6203.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

26. A change to subheading 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

27. A change to subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, Chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

28. A change to tariff item 6203.39.50 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.226

Singapore

29. A change to tariff item 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

30. A change to subheading 6203.41 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheading 6203.42 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

32. A change to subheading 6203.43 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheading 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

34. A change to subheading 6204.11 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

35. A change to subheading 6204.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

36. A change to subheading 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

37. A change to subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.227

Singapore

38. A change to tariff item 6204.19.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

39. A change to tariff item 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

40. A change to subheadings 6204.21 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204, or a skirt described in
heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the
requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

41. A change to subheadings 6204.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204, or a skirt described in
heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the
requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

42. A change to subheadings 6204.23 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204, or a skirt described in
heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the
requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

43. A change to subheadings 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204, or a skirt described in
heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the
requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

44. A change to subheading 6204.31 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.228

Singapore

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

45. A change to subheading 6204.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

46. A change to subheading 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

47. A change to subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

48. A change to tariff item 6204.39.60 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

49. A change to tariff item 6204.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

50. A change to subheading 6204.41 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

51. A change to subheading 6204.42 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

52. A change to subheading 6204.43 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

53. A change to subheading 6204.44 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

54. A change to subheading 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.229

Singapore

55. A change to subheading 6204.51 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

56. A change to subheading 6204.52 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

57. A change to subheading 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

58. A change to subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

59. A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

60. A change to subheading 6204.61 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

61. A change to subheading 6204.62 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

62. A change to subheading 6204.63 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

63. A change to subheading 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.230

Singapore

[TCR 64 deleted.]

Subheading rule: Men's or boys' shirts of cotton or man-made fibers shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and assembled
in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly of
one or more of the following:

(a) Fabrics of subheading 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42, 5208.49, 5208.51, 5208.52 or

5208.59, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(b) Fabrics of subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per

square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(c) Fabrics of subheading 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per

square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(d) Fabrics of subheading 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per

square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

(e) Fabrics of subheading 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 grams per square meter, having a dobby weave created

by a dobby attachment;

(f)

Fabrics of subheading 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks per
square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

(g) Fabrics of subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter,

made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric;

(h) Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks
per square centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric, and characterized by a check effect
produced by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling; or

(i)

Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored with vegetable
dyes, of average yarn number greater than 65 metric.

65. A change to subheading 6205.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

66. A change to subheading 6205.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

67. A change to subheading 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

68. A change to headings 6206 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

69. A change to subheading 6211.11 or subheading 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United
States, or both.

70. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.231

Singapore

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers,
imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the
territory of the United States must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

71. A change to subheadings 6211.32 through 6211.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or
both.

72. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5208 through 5212, 5407 through 5408, 5512

through 5516, 5803 through 5804, 5806 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

72A. A change to subheading 6212.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5313 through 5311, chapter 54, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

73. A change to subheading 6212.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5313 through 5311, chapter 54, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

73A. A change to subheading 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5313 through 5311, chapter 54, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

74. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 63.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 6301 through 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United
States, or both.

A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or heading 5508 through 5516, 5801
through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore
or of the United States, or both.

A change to headings 6304 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United
States, or both.

A change to 6309 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or heading 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 64.

1.

A change to subheadings 6401.10 through 6401.99 from any other heading, except from headings 6402 through 6405 or subheading
6406.10, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the build-up method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.232

Singapore

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 6402.12 through 6402.99 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 6403.12 through 6403.99 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 6404.11 from any other heading, except from subheading 6406.10, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than 55 percent based on the build-up method.

4A. A change to subheading 6404.19 from any other heading except from headings 6401 through 6403, 6405 or subheading 6406.10,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the build-up method.

4B. A change to subheading 6404.20 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

based on build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 6405.10 through 6405.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 6406.10 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent
based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

7.

A change to subheadings 6406.20 through 6406.90 from any other chapter.

Chapter 65.

1.

A change to headings 6501 through 6502 from any other chapter.

[TCR 2 deleted.]

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 6504 from any other heading, except from headings 6505 through 6507.

A change to heading 6505 from any other heading, except from headings 6504 or 6506 through 6507.

A change to heading 6506 from any other heading, except from headings 6505 or 6507.

A change to heading 6507 from any other heading.

Chapter 66.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6601 from any other heading, except from a combination of both (a) subheading 6603.20 and (b) headings
3920 through 3921, 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408, 5512 through 5516,
5602 through 5603, 5801 through 5811, 5901 through 5911 or 6001 through 6006.

A change to heading 6602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 67.

1.

(A) A change to heading 6701 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to articles of feather or down of heading 6701 from feathers or down.

2.

A change to headings 6702 through 6704 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 68.

1.

A change to headings 6801 through 6808 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.233

Singapore

A change to subheadings 6809.11 through 6810.19 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheading 6810.91 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 6810.99 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6811 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 6812.80 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 6812.91 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 6812.92 through 6812.93 from any other subheading outside that group.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

8A. A change to subheading 6812.99 from any other heading.

9.

A change to headings 6813 through 6814 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

10. A change to subheadings 6815.10 through 6815.99 from any other subheading, including any subheading within that group.

Chapter 69.

1.

A change to headings 6901 through 6914 from any other chapter.

Chapter 70.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7001 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.20 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7002.31 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7002.32 through 7002.39 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7003 from any other heading, except from headings 7004 through 7009.

A change to heading 7004 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 or 7005 through 7009.

A change to heading 7005 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7004 or 7006 through 7009.

A change to heading 7006 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7005 or 7007 through 7009.

10. A change to heading 7007 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7006 or 7008 through 7009.

11. A change to heading 7008 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7007 or 7009.

12. A change to heading 7009 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7008.

13. A change to heading 7010 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7009 or 7011 through 7020.

14. A change to heading 7011 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7010 or 7012 through 7020.

[TCR 15 deleted.]

16. A change to heading 7013 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7011 or 7014 through 7020.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.234

Singapore

17. A change to heading 7014 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7013 or 7015 through 7020.

18. A change to heading 7015 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7014 or 7016 through 7020.

19. A change to heading 7016 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7015 or 7017 through 7020.

20. A change to heading 7017 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7016 or 7018 through 7020.

21. A change to heading 7018 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7017 or 7019 through 7020.

22. A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7018 or 7020.

23. A change to heading 7020 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7019.

Chapter 71.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7101 from any other heading, except from heading 0307.

A change to headings 7102 through 7103 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7104 through 7105 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to headings 7106 through 7111 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7112 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7113 from any other heading, except from headings 7114 through 7117.

A change to heading 7114 from any other heading, except from headings 7113 or 7115 through 7117.

A change to heading 7115 from any other heading, except from headings 7113 through 7114 or 7116 through 7117.

A change to heading 7116 from any other heading, except from headings 7113 through 7115 or 7117.

10. A change to heading 7117 from any other heading, except from headings 7113 through 7116.

11. A change to heading 7118 from any other heading.

Chapter 72.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7201 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7202.11 through 7202.19 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7202.21 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 7202.29 through 7202.49 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7202.50 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 7202.60 through 7202.70 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7202.80 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 7202.91 through 7202.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7203 through 7206 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.235

Singapore

10. A change to heading 7207 from any other heading except from heading 7206.

11. A change to heading 7208 from any other heading.

12. A change to heading 7209 from any other heading except from headings 7208 or 7211.

13. A change to heading 7210 from any other heading except from headings 7208 through 7211.

14. A change to heading 7211 from any other heading except from headings 7208 through 7209.

15. A change to heading 7212 from any other heading except from headings 7208 through 7211.

16. A change to heading 7213 from any other heading.

17. A change to heading 7214 from any other heading except from heading 7213.

18. A change to heading 7215 from any other heading except from headings 7213 through 7214.

19. A change to heading 7216 from any other heading except from headings 7208 through 7215.

20. A change to heading 7217 from any other heading except from headings 7213 through 7215.

21. A change to heading 7218 from any other heading.

22. A change to heading 7219 from any other heading except from heading 7220.

23. A change to heading 7220 from any other heading except from heading 7219.

24. A change to heading 7221 from any other heading except from heading 7222.

25. A change to heading 7222 from any other heading except from heading 7221.

26. A change to heading 7223 from any other heading except from headings 7221 through 7222.

27. A change to heading 7224 from any other heading.

28. A change to heading 7225 from any other heading except from heading 7226.

29. A change to heading 7226 from any other heading except from heading 7225.

30. A change to heading 7227 from any other heading except from heading 7228.

31. A change to heading 7228 from any other heading except from heading 7227.

32. A change to heading 7229 from any other heading except from headings 7227 through 7228.

Chapter 73.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7301 through 7314 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.11 or 7315.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.11 or 7315.12 from subheading 7315.19, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.236

Singapore

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.19 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 7316 from any other heading except from headings 7312 or 7315.

A change to headings 7317 through 7320 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 7321.11 through 7321.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7321.11 through 7321.89 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheading 7321.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 7322 from any other heading.

11. A change to heading 7323 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.90 from any other subheading., including another subheading within that group.

13. A change to heading 7325 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheadings 7326.11 through 7326.20 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheading 7326.90 from any other heading except from heading 7325.

Chapter 74.

1.

A change to headings 7401 through 7403 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

2. No change in tariff classification for goods of heading 7404, provided the waste and scrap or wholly obtained or produced entirely

in the territory of Singapore or of the United States.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 7405 through 7407 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to heading 7408 from any other heading, except from heading 7407.

A change to heading 7409 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7410 from any other heading, except from plate, sheet or strip of heading 7409 having a thickness of less
than 5 mm.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.237

Singapore

7.

8.

A change to headings 7411 through 7418 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 7419.10 through 7419.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Chapter 75.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 7501 through 7505 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to heading 7506 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to foil not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness from any other good of heading 7506, provided that there has been a

reduction in thickness of not less than 50 percent.

A change to subheadings 7507.11 through 7507.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 7508.10 through 7508.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group

Chapter 76.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to headings 7601 through 7604 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to heading 7605 from any other heading, except from heading 7604.

A change to subheading 7606.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.12 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 or 7605.

A change to subheading 7606.91 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 or 7605.

A change to heading 7607 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7608 from any other heading, except from heading 7609.

A change to heading 7609 from any other heading, except from heading 7608.

10. A change to headings 7610 through 7613 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

11. A change to subheading 7614.10 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheading 7614.90 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7605.

13. A change to headings 7615 through 7616 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 78.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7801 through 7803 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to heading 7804 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on
the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

[TCR 13 deleted.]

4.

(A) A change to bars, rods, profiles or wire of heading 7806 from other goods of heading 7806 or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 7806 from any other goods of heading 7806 or from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.238

Singapore

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to other goods of heading 7806 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Chapter 79.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7901 through 7905 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided there is a
regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

(A) A change to tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 7907 from any other goods of heading 7907 or from any other

heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(B) A change to other goods of heading 7907 from any other heading.

Chapter 80.

1.

2.

A change to heading 8001 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8002 through 8003 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided there is a
regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

3.

(A) A change to plates, sheet or strip (including foil) of tin of heading 8007 from other goods of heading 8007 or from any other

heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(B) A change to tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 8007 from other goods of heading 8007 or from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to other goods of heading 8007 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Chapter 81.

1.

A change to subheadings 8101.10 through 8101.94 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.239

Singapore

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheading 8101.96 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8101.97 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to bars, rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering), profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading

8101.99 from any other goods of subheading 8101.99 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 8101.99 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8102.10 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent
based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8102.94 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent
based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8102.95 through 8102.96 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 8102.97 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent
based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheadings 8102.99 through 8103.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

10. A change to subheadings 8104.11 through 8104.19 from any other chapter.

11. A change to subheadings 8104.30 through 8105.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

12. A change to heading 8106 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheadings 8107.20 through 8107.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

14. A change to subheadings 8108.20 through 8108.30 from any other chapter.

15. A change to subheadings 8108.90 through 8110.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

16. A change to heading 8111 from any other chapter.

17. A change to subheadings 8112.12 through 8112.19 from any other chapter.

18.

(A) A change to unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium waste, scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92

from any other good or subheading 8112.92 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.92 from any other subheading.

18A. (A)A change to articles of vanadium or germanium of subheading 8112.99 from any other goods of subheading 8112.99 or from

any other subheading; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.99 from any other subheading.

19. A change to heading 8113 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.240

Singapore

Chapter 82.

1.

A change to headings 8201 through 8215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 83.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from subheading 8301.60, whether or not there is also a change from any
other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 8301.50 through 8301.70 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 8302.10 through 8302.60 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 8303 through 8304 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 8306 through 8307 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 8309 through 8310 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Chapter 84.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 8401.40 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.11 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8402.11.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.19 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.90 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.241

Singapore

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8402.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8403.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8403.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8404.10 from any other subheading.

10.

(A) A change to subheading 8404.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8404.20 from subheading 8404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

11. A change to subheading 8404.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheading 8405.10 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheading 8405.90 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheading 8406.10 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheadings 8406.81 through 8406.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

16.

(A) A change to subheading 8406.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8406.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

17. A change to heading 8407 from any other heading.

18. A change to heading 8408 from any other heading.

19. A change to subheading 8409.10 from any other heading.

20.

(A) A change to subheadings 8409.91 or 8409.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheadings 8409.91 or 8409.99, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

21. A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

22.

(A) A change to subheading 8410.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8410.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.242

Singapore

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

23. A change to subheadings 8411.11 through 8411.82 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

24.

(A) A change to subheading 8411.91 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8411.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

25.

(A) A change to subheading 8411.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8411.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

26. A change to subheadings 8412.10 through 8412.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

27.

(A) A change to subheading 8412.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8412.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

28. A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

29.

(A) A change to subheadings 8413.91 or 8413.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheadings 8413.91 or 8413.92, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

30. A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

31.

(A) A change to subheading 8414.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8414.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

32. A change to subheadings 8415.10 through 8415.83 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

33.

(A) A change to subheading 8415.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8415.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.243

Singapore

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

34. A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8416.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

35.

(A) A change to subheading 8416.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8416.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

36. A change to subheadings 8417.10 through 8417.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

37. A change to subheading 8417.90 from any other heading.

38. A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.91 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

39. A change to subheading 8418.99 from any other heading.

40. A change to subheadings 8419.11 through 8419.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

41.

(A) A change to subheading 8419.90 from any other heading, except from headings 7303 through 7306 and 8501; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8419.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

42. A change to subheading 8420.10 from any other subheading.

43.

(A) A change to subheading 8420.91 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8420.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than

40 percent.

44.

(A) A change to subheading 8420.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8420.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

45. A change to subheadings 8421.11 through 8421.91 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

46.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8421.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.244

Singapore

47. A change to subheadings 8422.11 through 8422.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

48. A change to subheading 8422.90 from any other heading.

49. A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.82 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

50. A change to subheading 8423.89 from any other heading.

51.

(A) A change to subheading 8423.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8423.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

52. A change to subheadings 8424.10 through 8424.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

53. A change to subheading 8424.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 8414.40 or 8414.80.

54. A change to subheadings 8425.11 through 8430.69 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

55. A change to heading 8431 from any other heading.

56. A change to subheadings 8432.10 through 8432.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

57. A change to subheading 8432.90 from any other heading.

58. A change to subheadings 8433.11 through 8433.60 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

59. A change to subheading 8433.90 from any other heading.

60. A change to subheading 8434.10 from any other subheading.

61. A change to subheading 8434.20 from any other subheading.

62. A change to subheading 8434.90 from any other heading.

63. A change to subheading 8435.10 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheading 8435.90 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 8436.10 through 8436.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

66. A change to subheading 8436.91 from any other heading.

67. A change to subheading 8436.99 from any other heading.

68. A change to subheading 8437.10 from any other subheading.

69. A change to subheading 8437.80 from any other subheading.

70. A change to subheading 8437.90 from any other heading.

71. A change to subheadings 8438.10 through 8438.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

72. A change to subheading 8438.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.245

Singapore

73. A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8439.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

74. A change to subheading 8439.91 from any other heading.

75. A change to subheading 8439.99 from any other heading.

76. A change to subheading 8440.10 from any other subheading.

77. A change to subheading 8440.90 from any other heading.

78. A change to subheadings 8441.10 through 8441.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

79. A change to subheading 8441.90 from any other heading.

80. A change to subheading 8442.30 from any other subheading.

81. A change to subheading 8442.40 from any other heading.

82. A change to subheading 8442.50 from any other heading.

83.

(A) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from machines for

uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.19 from machines for uses ancillary to printing in subheading 8443.91, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

83A. A change to subheading 8443.31 from any other subheading.

83B. A change to subheading 8443.32 from any other subheading.

83C. A change to subheading 8443.39 from any other subheading.

84.

(A) A change to machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91 from any other good of subheading 8443.91 or

from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91, provided there is

a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8443.91 from any other heading.

85.

(A) A change to subheading 8443.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

86. A change to heading 8444 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.246

Singapore

87. A change to headings 8445 through 8447 from any other heading, except from headings within that group.

88. A change to subheading 8448.11 from any other subheading.

89. A change to subheading 8448.19 from any other subheading.

90. A change to subheading 8448.20 from any other heading.

91. A change to subheadings 8448.31 through 8448.59 from any other heading.

92. A change to heading 8449 from any other heading.

93. A change to subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20 from any other subheading,, including another subheading within that group.

94. A change to subheading 8450.90 from any other heading.

95. A change to subheadings 8451.10 through 8451.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

96. A change to subheading 8451.90 from any other heading.

97. A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

98. A change to subheading 8452.30 from any other subheading.

[99. Rule deleted.]

100. (A) A change to furniture, bases and covers for sewing machines, and parts thereof of subheading 8452.90 from any other good

within that subheading, or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8452.90 from any other heading.

101. A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

102. A change to subheading 8453.90 from any other heading.

103. A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

104. A change to subheading 8454.90 from any other heading.

105. A change to subheadings 8455.10 through 8455.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

106. A change to subheading 8455.90 from any other heading.

107. A change to headings 8456 through 8463 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than 65 percent based on the build-down method.

108. A change to heading 8464 from any other heading.

109. A change to heading 8465 from any other heading.

110. (A) A change to heading 8466 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to heading 8466, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.247

Singapore

111. A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

112. A change to subheadings 8467.91 through 8467.99 from any other heading, except from heading 8407.

113. A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

114. A change to subheading 8468.90 from any other heading.

[TCRs 115-118 deleted.]

119. A change to subheading 8472.30 from any other subheading.

120. (A) A change to subheading 8472.90 from any other subheading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8472.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

121. (A) A change to heading 8473 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to heading 8473, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

122. A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

123. (A) A change to subheading 8474.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8474.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

124. A change to subheading 8475.10 from any other subheading.

125. A change to subheadings 8475.21 through 8475.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

126. A change to subheading 8475.90 from any other heading.

127. A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

128. A change to subheading 8476.90 from any other heading.

129. A change to heading 8477 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 65 percent based on

the build-down method.

130. A change to subheading 8478.10 from any other subheading.

131. A change to subheading 8478.90 from any other heading.

132. A change to subheadings 8479.10 through 8479.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.248

Singapore

133. A change to subheading 8479.90 from any other heading.

134. A change to heading 8480 from any other heading.

135. (A) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from subheading 8481.90, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

136. A change to subheading 8481.90 from any other heading.

137. (A) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from any subheading, except from subheadings within that group and

inner or outer rings or races of subheading 8482.99, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from inner or outer rings or races of subheading 8482.99, whether or not
there is also a change from any subheading outside that group provided there is a regional value content of 50 percent based
on the build-up method.

138. A change to subheading 8482.91 from any other heading.

139. A change to subheading 8482.99 from any other heading.

140. A change to subheading 8483.10 from any other subheading.

141. A change to subheading 8483.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80.

142. (A) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.30 from another subheading, provided there is a regional value content of 50 percent based on

the build-up method.

143. (A) A change to subheading 8483.40 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10

through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.40 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60
or 8483.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of 50
percent based on the build-up method.

144. (A) A change to subheading 8483.50 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10

through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.50 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60
or 8483.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of 50
percent based on the build-up method.

145. A change to subheading 8483.60 from any other subheading.

146. A change to subheading 8483.90 from any other heading.

147. A change to subheadings 8484.10 through 8484.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

148. (A) A change to subheading 8486.10 through 8486.40 from any other subheading outside that group; or

(B) No change in tariff classification required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.249

Singapore

(1) 35 percent on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent on the build-down method.

149. (A) A change to subheading 8486.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change of tariff classification required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent on the build-down method.

150. A change to subheading 8487.10 from any other heading.

151. (A) A change to subheading 8487.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8487.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent on the build-down method.

Chapter 85.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 8501.10 from any other heading, except from stators and rotors for the goods of heading 8501 in

subheading 8503.00, or

(B) A change to subheading 8501.10 from stators and rotors for the goods of heading 8501 in subheading 8503.00, provided there

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8501.20 through 8501.64 from any other heading..

A change to heading 8502 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 8503 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to heading 8503, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.23 from any other subheading except from subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

(A) A change to subheading 8504.31 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8504.31 from subheading 8504.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

7.

A change to subheadings 8504.32 through 8504.50 from any subheading except from subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.250

Singapore

8.

(A) A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8504.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

11. A change to subheadings 8506.10 through 8506.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

12. A change to subheadings 8506.50 through 8506.80 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

13. A change to subheading 8506.90 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheadings 8507.10 through 8507.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

15. A change to subheading 8507.90 from any other heading.

15A. A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other subheading.

15B. A change to subheading 8508.70 from any other heading.

16. A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

17. A change to subheading 8509.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

19. A change to subheading 8510.90 from any other heading.

20. A change to subheadings 8511.10 through 8511.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

21.

(A) A change to subheading 8511.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8511.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

22.

(A) A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.40 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.40 from subheading 851290, provided there is also a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

23. A change to subheading 8512.90 from any other heading.

24.

(A) A change to subheading 8513.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8513.10 from subheading 8513.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.251

Singapore

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

25. A change to subheading 8513.90 from any other heading.

26. A change to subheadings 8514.10 through 8514.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

27. A change to subheading 8514.90 from any other heading.

28. A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

29. A change to subheading 8515.90 from any other heading.

30. A change to subheadings 8516.10 through 8516.71 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

31.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.72 from any other subheading, except from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90 or

from subheading 9032.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.72 from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90 or from subheading 9032.10, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

32. A change to subheading 8516.79 from any other subheading.

33.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.80 from subheading 8516.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

34.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8516.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

35.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.10 or 8518.21 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.10 or 8518.21 from subheading 8518.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

36.

(A) A change to subheading 8518.22 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8518.22 from subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.90, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.252

Singapore

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

37.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from subheading 8518.90, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

38.

(A) A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8518.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

39. A change to subheadings 8519.20 through 8521.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[40-46. Rules deleted.]

47. A change to subheading 8521.10 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheading 8521.90 from any other subheading.

49. A change to subheading 8522.10 from any other heading.

50.

(A) A change to subheading 8522.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8522.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

51.

(A) A change to heading 8523 from any other heading; or

(B) Recording of sound or other similarly recorded phenomena onto blank or unrecorded media of heading 8523 shall confer origin

whether or not there has been a change in tariff classification.

[TCR 52 deleted.]

51.

(A) A change to heading 8523 from any other heading; or

(B) Recording of sound or other similarly recorded phenomena onto blank or unrecorded media of heading 8523 shall confer origin

whether or not there has been a change in tariff classification.

53. A change to subheadings 8525.50 through 8527.60 from any other subheading outside that group, except from transmission

apparatus of subheadings 8517.61 though 8517.62 and except from transmission apparatus incorporating reception apparatus of
subheadings 8517.12, 8517.61 or 8517.62.

54. A change to subheadings 8525.80 through 8527.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.253

Singapore

[TCR 55 deleted.]

56. A change to subheading 8528.42 from any other subheading.

57. A change to subheading 8528.49 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8528.59, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

58. A change to subheading 8528.52 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheading 8528.59 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8528.49, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

60. A change to subheading 8528.62 from any other subheading.

60A. A change to subheading 8528.69 from any other subheading.

60B. A change to subheading 8528.71 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

60C. A change to subheading 8528.72 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8528.73, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

60D. A change to subheading 8528.73 from any other subheading.

61. A change to subheading 8529.10 from any other heading.

62.

(A) A change to subheading 8529.90 from any other heading, except from subheading 8517.70; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8529.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

63. A change to subheading 8530.10 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheading 8530.80 from any other subheading.

65. A change to subheading 8530.90 from any other heading.

66. A change to subheading 8531.10 from any other subheading.

67. A change to subheading 8531.80 from any other subheading. 1/

68. A change to subheading 8531.90 from any other heading.

69. A change to subheadings 8535.10 through 8536.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

70. A change to heading 8537 from any other heading.

71.

(A) A change to heading 8538 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to heading 8538, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

72. A change to subheading 8539.10 from any other subheading.

1/ Rule deleted for 8531.20; text of prior rule: A change to subheading[s] 8531.10 through 8531.80 from any other subheading, including
another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.254

Singapore

73. A change to subheading 8539.21 from any other subheading.

74.

(A) A change to subheading 8539.22 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8539.22 from subheading 8539.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

75.

(A) A change to subheading 8539.29 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8539.29 from subheading 8539.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

76. A change to subheading 8539.31 from any other subheading.

77. A change to subheading 8539.32 from any other subheading except from subheadings 8539.32 through 8539.39.

78. A change to subheading 8539.39 from any other subheading except from subheadings 8539.32 through 8539.39.

79. A change to subheading 8539.41 from any other subheading except from subheadings 8539.41 through 8539.49.

80. A change to subheading 8539.49 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8539.41 through 8539.49.

81A. A change to subheading 8539.50 from any other subheading.

81B. A change to subheading 8539.90 from any other heading.

82. A change to subheading 8540.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20 or 8540.91.

83. A change to subheading 8540.12 from any other subheading.

84.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.20 from subheadings 8540.91 through 8540.99, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

85. A change to subheadings 8540.40 through 8540.60 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

86. A change to subheadings 8540.71 through 8540.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

87.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.91 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8540.91, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.255

Singapore

88.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.99 from any other subheading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8540.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

88A, A change to subheading 8542.31 through 8542.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

89. A change to subheading 8543.10 from any other subheading, except from ion implanters for doping semiconductor materials of

subheading 8486.20. 1/

90. A change to subheading 8543.20 from any other subheading.

91. A change to subheading 8543.30 from any other subheading.

92. A change to subheading 8543.70 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8539.50 or 8523.52, or proximity cards and

tags of subheading 8523.59.

[TCR 93 deleted.]

94.

(A) A change to subheading 8543.90 from any other heading, except from subheading 8486.90; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8543.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

95. A change to subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.19 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

96.

(A) A change to subheading 8544.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 or headings

7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.20 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, provided there is also a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

97. A change to subheadings 8544.30 through 8544.42 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

98.

(A) A change to subheading 8544.49 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 or heading

7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

1/ Text of rule for 8541-8542 deleted; previous text: A change to subheading[s] 8541.10 through 8542.90 from any other subheading, including
another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.256

Singapore

(B) A change to subheading 8544.49 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

99. A change to subheading 8544.60 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

100. A change to subheadings 8545.11 through 8547.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

101. A change to heading 8548 from any other heading.

Chapter 86

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 8601 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8602 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 8603 from any other heading, except from heading 8607; or

(B) A change to heading 8603 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

4.

(A) A change to heading 8604 from any other heading, except from heading 8607; or

(B) A change to heading 8604 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

5.

(A) A change to heading 8605 from any other heading except from heading 8607; or

(B) A change to heading 8605 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

6.

(A) A change to heading 8606 from any other heading, except from heading 8607; or

(B) A change to heading 8606 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

A change to subheading 8607.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8607.12, and except from subheading
8607.19 when that change is pursuant to general rule of interpretation 2(a).

A change to subheading 8607.12 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8607.11, and except from subheading
8607.19 when that change is pursuant to general rule of interpretation 2(a).

A change to axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles of subheading 8607.19 and a change to wheels, whether or not fitted
with axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles or parts of wheels of subheading 8607.19.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to subheadings 8607.21 through 8607.99 from any other heading.

11. A change to headings 8608 through 8609 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.257

Singapore

Chapter 87

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 8701 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on
the build-up method.

A change to heading 8702 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on
the build-up method.

A change to heading 8703 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on
the build-up method.

A change to heading 8704 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on
the build-up method.

A change to heading 8705 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on
the build-up method.

A change to heading 8706 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on
the build-up method.

(A) A change to heading 8707 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 8707 from 8708, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional

value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

8.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.10 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

9.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.21 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.21 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

10.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.29 from any other heading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method, whether or not there is a change in tariff

classification.

11.

(A) A change to brakes and servo-brakes and parts thereof of subheading 8708.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to brakes and servo-brakes and parts thereof of subheading 8708.30 from any other good of subheadings 8708.30

or 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

[TCR 12 deleted.]

13.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to gear boxes of subheading 8708.40 from parts of subheading 8708.40 or from subheading 8708.99, whether or

not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based
on the build-up method.

14.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.50 from any other heading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.258

Singapore

(B) A change to drive axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components or to non-driving axles
of subheading 8708.50 from parts of subheading 8708.50 or from subheadings 8708.99 or 8482.10 through 8482.80, whether
or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent
based on the build-up method.

15.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.60 from any other heading except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.60 from subheadings 8708.99 or 8482.10 through 8482.80, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.
[Compiler's note: subheading 8708.60 has been deleted]

16.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.70 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.70 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

17.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to suspension systems of subheading 8708.80 from parts of subheading 8708.80 or from subheading 8708.99,

whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30
percent based on the build-up method.

18.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.91 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to radiators of subheading 8708.91 from parts of subheading 8708.91 or from subheading 8708.99, whether or not

there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based
on the build-up method.

19.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.92 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to silencers and exhaust pipes of subheading 8708.92 from parts of subheading 8708.92 or from subheading 8708.99,

whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30
percent based on the build-up method.

20.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.93 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8708.93 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

21.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.94 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to steering wheels, steering columns and steering boxes of subheading 8708.94 from parts of subheading 8708.94
or from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

21A. (A)A change to subheading 8708.95 from any other heading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method, whether or not there is a change in tariff

classification.

22.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.99 from any other heading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method, whether or not there is a change in tariff

classification.

23.

(A) A change to subheading 8709.11 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.259

Singapore

(B) A change to subheading 8709.11 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

24.

(A) A change to subheading 8709.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8709.19 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

25. A change to subheading 8709.90 from any other heading.

26. A change to heading 8710 from any other heading.

27.

(A) A change to heading 8711 from any other heading except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8711 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

28.

(A) A change to heading 8712 from any other heading except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8712 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

29. A change to heading 8713 from any other heading.

30. A change to subheading 8714.10 from any other heading.

[TCR 31 deleted,]

32. A change to subheading 8714.20 from any other heading.

33. A change to subheading 8714.91 from any other heading.

34. A change to subheading 8714.92 from any other heading.

35. A change to subheading 8714.93 from any other heading.

36. A change to subheading 8714.94 from any other heading.

37. A change to subheading 8714.95 from any other heading.

38. A change to subheading 8714.96 from any other heading.

39.

(A) A change to subheading 8714.99 from any other heading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method, whether or not there is a change in tariff

classification.

40. A change to heading 8715 from any other heading.

41.

(A) A change to subheading 8716.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8716.10 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

42.

(A) A change to subheading 8716.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8716.20 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.260

Singapore

43.

(A) A change to subheading 8716.31 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8716.31 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

44.

(A) A change to subheading 8716.39 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8716.39 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

45.

(A) A change to subheading 8716.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8716.40 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

46.

(A) A change to subheading 8716.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8716.80 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

47. A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 88

1.

A change to heading 8801 from any other heading.

[TCR 2 deleted.]

3.

(A) A change to subheading 8802.11 from any other subheading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 8802.12 from any other subheading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8802.20 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8802.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8802.40 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8802.60 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8803.10 from any other subheading.

10. A change to subheading 8803.20 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheading 8803.30 from any other subheading.

12. A change to subheading 8803.90 from any other subheading.

13. A change to heading 8804 from any other heading.

14.

(A) A change to heading 8805 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.261

Singapore

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

Chapter 89

1.

(A) A change to heading 8901 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 8901 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

2.

(A) A change to heading 8902 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 8902 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

3.

4.

A change to heading 8903 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 8904 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 8904 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

5.

(A) A change to heading 8905 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 8905 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 8906 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8907 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8908 from any other heading.

Chapter 90

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other chapter, except from heading 7002; or

(B) A change to subheading 9001.10 from heading 7002, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 9001.20 through 9001.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 9002.11 through 9002.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9001.90.

(A) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from subheading 9003.90, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9003.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 9004 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.262

Singapore

(B) A change to heading 9004 from any heading within chapter 90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method.

7.

8.

A change to subheading 9005.10 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 9005.80 from any subheading, except from headings 9001 through 9002 or subheading 9005.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 9005.80 from subheading 9005.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35

percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheading 9005.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 9006.30 from any other subheading.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.40 from subheading 9006.91 or 9006.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other
heading, provided there is a regional value content of regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 9006.51 from any other subheading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.52 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.52 from subheading 9006.91 or 9006.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 9006.53 from any other subheading.

15.

(A) A change to cameras of a kind used for preparing printing plates or cylinders of subheading 9006.59 from any other good of

subheading 9006.59, or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 9006.59 from any other subheading; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 9006.59 from subheading 9006.91 or 9006.99, whether or not there is also a change
from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

16. A change to subheadings 9006.61 through 9006.69 from any other subheading.

17. A change to subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheading 9006.99 from any other heading.

19. A change to subheadings 9007.10 through 9007.20 from any other subheading.

20.

(A) A change to subheading 9007.91 through 9007.92 from any other heading, or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

[21. Rule deleted.]

22.

(A) A change to slide projectors of subheading 9008.50 from any other good of subheading 9008.50, or from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.263

Singapore

(B) A change to slide projectors of subheading 9008.50 from subheading 9008.90, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to microfilm, microfiche or other microform readers, whether or not capable of providing copies, other image projectors,

or photographic (other than cinematographic) enlargers and reducers from any other good of subheading 9008.50, or from
any other subheading; or

(D) A change to any other good of subheading 9008.50 any other subheading.

22A. A change to subheading 9008.90 from any other heading.

[TCRs 23-28 deleted.]

29. A change to subheading 9010.10 from any other subheading.

[TCR 30 deleted.]

31. A change to subheading 9010.50 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 9010.41 through 9010.50.

32. A change to subheading 9010.60 from any other subheading.

33. A change to subheading 9010.90 from any other heading.

34.

(A) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9001.80 from subheading 9011.90, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method.

35. A change to subheading 9011.90 from any other heading.

36. A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other subheading.

37. A change to subheading 9012.90 from any other heading.

38.

(A) A change to subheading 9013.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9013.10 from subheading 9013.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method.

39. A change to subheading 9013.20 from any other subheading.

40.

(A) A change to subheading 9013.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9013.80 from subheading 9013.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method.

41.

(A) A change to subheading 9013.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

42. A change to subheading 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other subheading.

43. A change to subheading 9014.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.264

Singapore

44. A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other subheading.

45.

(A) A change to subheading 9015.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

46. A change to heading 9016 from any other heading.

47. A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9017.20 from any other subheading.

48.

(A) A change to subheading 9017.30 through 9017.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9017.30 through 9017.80 from subheading 9017.90, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method.

49.

(A) A change to subheading 9017.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

50. A change to headings 9018 through 9021 from any other heading.

51. A change to subheadings 9022.12 through 9022.14 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 9022.12 through 9022.14.

52. A change to subheadings 9022.19 through 9022.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

53. A change to heading 9023 from any other heading.

54. A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other subheading.

55.

(A) A change to subheading 9024.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

56. A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

57.

(A) A change to subheading 9025.90 from any other heading, or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

58. A change to heading 9026 from any other heading.

59. A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

60. A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other subheading.

61.

(A) A change to subheading 9028.90 from any other heading, or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

62.

(A) A change to subheading 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.265

Singapore

(B) A change to subheading 9029.10 through 9029.20 from subheading 9029.90, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method.

63.

(A) A change to subheading 9029.90 from any other heading, or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

64. A change to subheadings 9030.10 through 9030.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

64A. A change to subheading 9030.31 from any other subheading.

64B. A change to subheading 9030.32 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9030.84.

64C. A change to subheadings 9030.33 through 9030.82 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

64D. A change to subheading 9030.84 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9030.32.

64E. A change to subheadings 9030.89 through 9030.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

65. A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.20 from any other subheading.

66. A change to subheading 9031.41 from any other subheading.

67.

(A) A change to profile projectors of subheading 9031.49 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to other optical instruments and appliances of subheading 9031.49 from any other subheading, except from subheading

9031.41 and from any other optical instruments and appliances of subheading 9031.49.

68. A change to subheading 9031.80 from any other subheading.

69.

(A) A change to subheading 9031.90 from any other heading, or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

70. A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9083.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

71.

(A) A change to subheading 9032.90 from any other subheading, or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

72.

(A) A change to heading 9033 from any other heading, or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification.

Chapter 91

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.11 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.11 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.266

Singapore

2.

(A) A change to electrically operated wrist-watches, whether or not incorporating a stop-watch facility, of subheading 9101.19 from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 9101.19 from heading 9114, provide that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to any good of subheading 9101.19 from any other chapter.

[TCR 3 deleted.]

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other heading, except from headings 9108 through 9110.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.29 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other heading, except from headings 9108 through 9110.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.99 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

8.

(A) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter
provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method.

9.

A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided there is a
regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

10. A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from subheading 9111.90 or any other heading provided there is a regional

value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

11. A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheading 9112.20 from subheading 9112.90 or any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

13. A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.267

Singapore

14. A change to heading 9113 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on

the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

15. A change to heading 9114 from any other heading.

Chapter 92

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to heading 9201 from any other heading, except from heading 9209 when that change is pursuant to general rule of
interpretation 2(a).

A change to subheading 9202.10 from any other heading, except from heading 9209 when that change is pursuant to general rule
of interpretation 2(a).

(A) A change to subheading 9202.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9202.90 from heading 9209, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter provided
there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

A change to headings 9203 through 9205 from any other heading, except from heading 9209 when that change is pursuant to
general rule of interpretation 2(a). [Compiler's note: headings 9203 and 9204 were deleted from the tariff schedule]

(A) A change to headings 9206 through 9208 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 9206 from heading 9209, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

6.

A change to heading 9209 from any other heading.

Chapter 93

1.

(A) A change to heading 9301 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 9301 from heading 9305, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

A change to headings 9302 through 9303 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, except from heading
9305 when that change is pursuant to general rule of interpretation 2(a).

(A) A change to heading 9304 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

(B) A change to heading 9304 from heading 9305, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

4.

(A) A change to heading 9305 from any other heading; or

(B) A regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down

method, whether or not there is a change in tariff classification. [Compiler's note: believed to apply to goods of heading
9305]

5.

6.

A change to heading 9306 from any other heading.

A change to heading 9307 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.268

Singapore

Chapter 94

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80,
9403.10 through 9403.89, and except from subheadings 9401.90 or 9403.90 when that change is pursuant to general rule of
interpretation 2(a).

A change to subheading 9401.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 9402 from any other heading, except from subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 or subheadings 9403.10
through 9403.80, and except from subheadings 9401.90 or 9403.90 when that change is pursuant to general rule of interpretation
2(a).

A change to subheadings 9403.10 through 9403.80 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80,
9403.10 through 9403.89 and except from subheadings 9401.90 or 9403.90 when that change is pursuant to general rule of
interpretation 2(a). [Compiler's note: consult U.S. Customs and Border Protection to confirm eligibility for goods of
subheadings 9403.82 through 9403.89.60.]

A change to subheadings 9403.90 through 9404.21 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 9404.29 through 9404.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9404.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408, 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

(A) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99, whether or not there is also
a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

10. A change to subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99 from any other heading.

11. A change to heading 9406 from any other heading.

Chapter 95

[TCRs 1-3 deleted.]

4.

(A) A change to heading 9503 from any other chapter; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

[TCRs 5-8 deleted.]

9.

A change to subheadings 9504.20 through 9504.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

10. A change to subheadings 9505.10 through 9505.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

11. A change to subheadings 9506.11 through 9506.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

12. A change to subheading 9506.31 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9506.39.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.269

Singapore

13. A change to subheadings 9506.32 through 9506.39 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

14. A change to subheadings 9506.40 through 9506.59 from any other chapter.

15. A change to subheadings 9506.61 through 9506.62 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

16. A change to subheading 9506.69 from any other chapter.

17. A change to subheadings 9506.70 through 9506.91 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

18. A change to subheading 9506.99 from any other chapter.

19. A change to heading 9507 from any other chapter.

20. A change to heading 9508 from any other heading.

Chapter 96

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 9601 through 9602 from any other heading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 9603.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9603.21 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 9603.29 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9603.30 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 9603.40 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 9603.50 through 9603.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 9604 from any other heading.

A change to heading 9605 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 9606.10 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 9606.21 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9606.21 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 9606.22 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 9606.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9606.29 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 9606.30 from any other heading.

15.

(A) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from any other chapter, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.270

Singapore

(B) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from subheading 9607.20, whether or not there is also a change from any
other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

16. A change to subheading 9607.20 from any other heading.

17.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, whether or not there is also
a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

17A. (A) A change to India ink drawing pens of subheading 9608.30 from any other good of subheading 9608.30, or from any other

subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 9608.30 from any other subheading.

17B. (A) A change to subheadings 9608.40 through 9608.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.40 through 9608.50 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, whether or not there is also
a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

18. A change to subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99 from any other heading.

19. A change to heading 9609 from any other chapter.

20. A change to headings 9610 through 9611 from any other heading, including another subheading within that group.

21. A change to subheading 9612.10 from any other chapter.

22. A change to subheading 9612.20 from any other heading.

23.

(A) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from any other chapter, or

(B) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from subheadings 9613.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method.

24. A change to subheading 9613.90 from any other heading.

[TCR 25 deleted.]

26. A change to heading 9614 from any other heading.

27.

(A) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from subheading 9615.90, whether or not there is also a change from any
other chapter provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

28. A change to subheading 9615.90 from any other heading.

29. A change to heading 9616 from any other heading.

30. A change to heading 9617 from any other chapter.

31. A change to heading 9618 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.271

Chile

32. Heading Rule 1: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of textile materials of this heading, the rule applicable to that

good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the
change of tariff classification requirements set out in the rule for that good.

(A) A change to a good of textile wadding of heading 9619 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55; or

(B) A change to a good of textile materials other than wadding, of heading 9619 from any other chapter, except from headings

5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516
or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of one or both of the United States or Singapore; or

(C) A change to any other good of heading 9619 from any other heading.

33. A change to heading 9620 from any other subheading.

Chapter 97

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 9701.10 through 9701.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 9702 through 9706 from any other heading, including another subheading within that group.

26. United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement (UCFTA) are subject to duty as provided

herein. For the purposes of this note, goods of Chile, as defined in subdivisions (b) through (n) of this note, that are imported into
the customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special” subcolumn
of column 1 followed by the symbol “CL” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment and quantitative limitations set forth in
the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 201 and 202 of the United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement Implementation
Act (Pub.L.108-78; 117 Stat. 948).

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (m) and (n) thereof, goods imported into the customs
territory of the United States are eligible for treatment as originating goods of a UCFTA country under the terms of this note only if
they–

(i) were wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both;

(ii) were produced entirely in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and--

(A) each nonoriginating material used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification

set out in subdivision (n) of this note; or

(B)

the good otherwise satisfies any applicable regional value-content or other requirements set forth in such subdivision (n);
and

satisfies all other applicable requirements of this note and of applicable regulations; or

(iii)

the good is produced entirely in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, exclusively from materials described in
subdivisions (i) or (ii), above.

For the purposes of this note, the term “UCFTA country” refers only to Chile or to the United States.

(c)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, except as otherwise provided in subdivision (d) of this note for textile and apparel
articles, the expression “wholly obtained or produced” means–

(A) mineral goods extracted from the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both;

(B) vegetable goods (for purposes of the tariff schedule) harvested in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.272

Chile

(C)

live animals born and raised in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both;

(D) goods obtained from hunting, trapping or fishing conducted in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both;

(E) goods (fish, shellfish, and other marine life) taken from the sea by vessels registered or recorded with Chile or the United

States and flying its flag;

(F) goods produced exclusively from products referred to in subdivision (E) on board factory ships registered or recorded

with Chile or the United States and flying the flag of such country;

(G) goods taken by Chile or the United States, or a person of Chile or the United States, from the seabed or beneath the

seabed outside territorial waters, if Chile or the United States has rights to exploit such seabed;

(H) goods taken from outer space, provided the goods are obtained by Chile or the United States or a person of Chile or the

United States and are not processed in the territory of a country other than Chile or the United States;

(I) waste and scrap derived from–

(1) production in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both; or

(2) used goods collected in such territory, if such goods are fit only for the recovery of raw materials;

(J)

recovered goods derived in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, from used goods; or

(K) goods produced in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, exclusively from goods referred to in subdivisions

(A) through (I) above, inclusive, or from the derivatives of such goods, at any stage of production.

(ii)

(A) For the purposes of subdivision (i)(J), the term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that are

the result of:

(1)

the complete disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(2)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing of those parts as necessary for improvement to sound working
condition by one or more of the following processes: welding, flame spraying, surface machining, knurling, plating,
sleeving, and rewinding; the foregoing in order for such parts to be assembled with other parts, including other
recovered parts, in the production of a remanufactured good as defined in subdivision (ii)(B).

(B) The term “remanufactured good” for purposes of this note means an industrial good assembled in the territory of Chile

or of the United State that is classified in the provisions of the tariff schedule enumerated below (except for those designed
principally for use in automotive goods of headings 8702, 8703, 8706 and 8707 or subheadings 8704.21, 8704.31 and
8704.32):

8408.10, 8408.20, 8408.90, 8409.91, 8409.99, 8412.21, 8412.29, 8412.39, 8412.90, 8413.30, 8413.50, 8413.60,
8413.91, 8414.30, 8414.80, 8414.90, 8419.89, 8431.20, 8431.49, 8481.20, 8481.40, 8481.80, 8481.90, 8483.10,
8483.30, 8483.40, 8483.50, 8483.60, 8483.90, 8503, 8511.40, 8511.50, 8526.10, 8537.10, 8542.21, 8708.31,
8708.39, 8708.40, 8708.60, 8708.70, 8708.93, 8708.99 or 9031.49;

when such industrial good–

(1)

is entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods;

(2) has the same life expectancy and meets the same performance standards as a new good; and

(3) enjoys the same factory warranty as such a new good.

(C) For the purposes of this note–

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.273

Chile

(1)

(2)

the term “material” means a good that is used in the production of another good, including a part, ingredient or
indirect material;

the term “material that is self-produced” means a material that is an originating good produced by a producer of a
good and used in the production of that good; and

(3) a “nonoriginating good or material” is a good or material, as the case may be, that does not qualify as an originating

good under this note.

(D) For the purposes of this note, the term “production” means growing, raising, mining, harvesting, fishing, trapping, hunting,
manufacturing, processing, assembling or disassembling a good; and the term “producer” means a person who engages
in the production of a good in the territory of Chile or of the United States.

(iii) A good that has undergone production necessary to qualify as an originating good under this note shall not be considered to
be an originating good if, subsequent to that production, the good undergoes further production or any other operation outside
the territory of Chile or of the United States, other than unloading, reloading or any other process necessary to preserve the
good in good condition or to transport the good to the territory of Chile or of the United States.

(d) Textile and apparel articles.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (ii) below, a good provided for in chapters 50 through 63 of the tariff schedule that is not an
originating good under the terms of this note, because certain fibers or yarns used in the production of the component of the
good that determines the tariff classification of the good do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in
subdivision (n) of this note, shall nonetheless be considered to be an originating good if the total weight of all such fibers or
yarns in that component is not more than seven percent of the total weight of that component. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence, a textile or apparel good containing elastomeric yarns in the component of the good that determines the tariff
classification of the good shall be considered to be an originating good only if such yarns are wholly formed in the territory of
Chile or of the United States.

(ii) Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (n) of this note, textile and apparel goods classifiable as goods put up in sets
for retail sale as provided under general rule of interpretation 3 to the tariff schedule shall not be considered to be originating
goods unless each of the goods in the set is an originating good or the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does
not exceed 10 percent of the value of the set determined for purposes of assessing customs duties.

(e) De minimis.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (ii) below, a good (other than a textile or apparel good described in subdivision (d) above)
that does not undergo a change in tariff classification pursuant to subdivision (n) of this note shall nonetheless be considered
to be an originating good if–

(A)

the value of all nonoriginating materials that are used in the production of the good and do not undergo the applicable
change in tariff classification does not exceed 10 percent of the adjusted value of the good;

(B)

the value of such nonoriginating materials is included in calculating the value of nonoriginating materials for any applicable
regional value-content requirement under this note; and

(C)

the good meets all other applicable requirements of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to–

(A) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by

weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90 that is used in the production of a good provided for
in chapter 4;

(B) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by

weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 that is used in the production of the following goods:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.274

Chile

(1)

infant preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids, the foregoing provided for in subheading
1901.10;

(2) mixes and doughs, containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, the foregoing provided

for in subheading 1901.20;

(3) dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids, the foregoing provided for in subheading

1901.90 or 2106.90;

(4) goods provided for in heading 2105;

(5) beverages containing milk, the foregoing provided for in subheading 2202.90; or

(6) animal feeds containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids, the foregoing provided for in subheading 2309.90;

(C) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0805 or subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 that is used in the

production of a good provided for in subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, or in fruit or vegetable juice of any single
fruit or vegetable, fortified with minerals or vitamins, concentrated or unconcentrated, provided for in subheading 2106.90
or 2202.90;

(D) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 15 that is used in the production of a good provided for in headings 1501

through 1508, 1512, 1514 or 1515;

(E) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1701 that is used in the production of a good provided for in headings

1701 through 1703;

(F) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 17 or heading 1805 that is used in the production of a good provided for

in subheading 1806.10;

(G) a nonoriginating material provided for in headings 2203 through 2208 that is used in the production of a good provided

for in headings 2207 or 2208; and

(H) a nonoriginating material used in the production of a good provided for in chapters 1 through 21, inclusive, unless the

nonoriginating material is provided for in a different subheading than the good for which origin is being determined under
this note.

(iii) For the purposes of this note, the term “adjusted value” means the value determined under articles 1 through 8, article 15 and

the corresponding interpretive notes of the Agreement on Implementation of Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade (the Customs Valuation Agreement), except that such value may be adjusted to exclude any costs, charges or
expenses incurred for transportation, insurance and related services incident to the international shipment of the merchandise
from the country of exportation to the place of importation.

(f) Accumulation.

(i)

For purposes of this note, originating goods or materials from the territory of either Chile or the United States that are used in
the production of a good in the territory of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of such other country.

(ii) A good that is produced in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, by one or more producers, is an originating

good if the good satisfies all of the applicable requirements of this note.

(g) Regional value content.

(i) Where a rule set forth in subdivision (n) of this note specifies a regional value content for a good, the regional value content

of such good shall be calculated, at the choice of the person claiming the tariff treatment authorized by this note for such good,
on the basis of the build-down method or the build-up method described below, unless otherwise specified in this note:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.275

Chile

(A) For the build-down method, the regional value content may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC = ((AV -

VNM)/AV) x 100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value; and
VNM is the value of nonoriginating materials used by the producer in the production of the good; or

(B) For the build-up method, the regional value content may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC = (VOM /AV) x

100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value; and VOM is the
value of originating materials used by the producer in the production of the good.

(ii) Value of materials.

(A) For purposes of calculating the regional value content of a good under subdivision (i) and for purposes of applying the

de minimis provisions of subdivision (e) of this note, the value of a material is:

(1)

in the case of a material imported by the producer of the good, the adjusted value of the material;

(2)

(3)

in the case of a material acquired in the territory where the good is produced, except for a material to which subdivision
(3) below applies, the producer’s price actually paid or payable for the material;

in the case of a material provided to the producer without charge, or at a price reflecting a discount or similar reduction,
the sum of:

(I)

all expenses incurred in the growth, production or manufacture of the material, including general expenses,
and

(II) an amount for profit; or

(4)

in the case of a material that is self-produced, the sum of–

(I)

all expenses incurred in the production of the material, including general expenses, and

(II) an amount for profit.

(B) The value of materials may be adjusted as follows:

(1)

for originating materials, the following expenses, if not included under subdivision (A) above, may be added to the
value of the originating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the location
of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Chile or of the United States,
or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including
credit against duty or tax paid or payable; and

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or by-product; and

(2)

for non-originating materials, if included under subdivision (A) above, the following expenses may be deducted from
the value of the nonoriginating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the location
of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Chile or of the United States,
or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including
credit against duty or tax paid or payable;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.276

Chile

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or by-products; or

(IV) the cost of originating materials used in the production of the nonoriginating material in the territory of Chile or

of the United States.

(C) Any cost or value referred to in this note shall be recorded and maintained in accordance with the generally accepted

accounting principles applicable in the territory of the country in which the good is produced (whether Chile or the United
States). Such principles are the principles, rules and procedures, including both broad and specific guidelines, that define
the accounting practices accepted in the territory of Chile or of the United States, as the case may be.

(h) Accessories, spare parts or tools.

Accessories, spare parts or tools delivered with a good that form part of the good's standard accessories, spare parts or tools shall
be treated as a material used in the production of the good, if:

(i)

the accessories, spare parts or tools are classified with and not invoiced separately from the good; and

(ii)

the quantities and value of the accessories, spare parts or tools are customary for the good.

(i)

Fungible goods and materials.

(i)

A person claiming the tariff treatment provided in this note for a good may claim that a fungible good or material is originating
either based on the physical segregation of each fungible good or material or by using an inventory management method. For
purposes of this subdivision, the term “inventory management method” means:

(A) averaging,

(B)

“last-in, first-out,”

(C)

“first-in, first out,” or

(D) any other method that is recognized in the generally accepted accounting principles of the country in which the production

is performed (whether Chile or the United States) or otherwise accepted by that country.

The term “fungible goods” or fungible materials” means goods or materials, as the case may be, that are interchangeable for
commercial purposes and the properties of which are essentially identical.

(ii) A person selecting an inventory management method under subdivision (i) above for particular fungible goods or materials

shall continue to use that method for those fungible goods or materials throughout the fiscal year of that person.

(j)

Packaging materials and containers.

(i)

Packaging materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail sale, if classified with the good for which the tariff
treatment under the terms of this note is claimed, shall be disregarded in determining whether all nonoriginating materials used
in the production of the good undergo the applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note and, if
the good is subject to a regional value-content requirement, the value of such packaging materials and containers shall be
taken into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of
the good.

(ii) Packing materials and containers for shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether–

(A)

the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set
out in subdivision (n) of this note; and

(B)

the good satisfies a regional value-content requirement.

(k)

Indirect materials.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.277

Chile

An indirect material shall be considered to be an originating material for purposes of this note without regard to where it is produced.
The term “indirect material” means a good used in the production, testing or inspection of a good but not physically incorporated
into the good, or a good used in the maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated with the production of a
good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in production or used to operate equipment and buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the goods;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other goods that are not incorporated into the good but the use of which in the production of the good can reasonably be

demonstrated to be a part of that production.

(l) Record-keeping requirements and verification.

(i)

An importer of a good, for which treatment as an originating good of a UCFTA country is claimed under the provisions of this
note, shall make a written declaration that the good qualifies as originating, under the terms of applicable regulations, and
shall be prepared to submit, upon request by the appropriate customs officer, a certificate of origin demonstrating that the
good qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, including pertinent cost and manufacturing information
and all other information requested by such customs officer.

(ii)

Importers shall maintain for a period of five years after the date of importation of the good a certificate of origin or other
information demonstrating that the good qualifies as originating, and all other documents that are required under applicable
regulations relating to the importation of the good, in relating to the importation of the good, including records concerning:

(A)

the purchase of, cost of, value of and payment for the good;

(B) where appropriate, the purchase of, cost of, value of and payment for all materials, including indirect materials, used in

the production of the good; and

(C) where appropriate, the production of the good in the form in which the good is exported;

and shall, upon request by the appropriate customs officer, make available such records as are necessary under applicable
regulations to demonstrate that a good qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note.

(iii) For purposes of determining whether a good imported into the customs territory of the United States from the territory of Chile

qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, the appropriate customs officer may conduct a verification
under such terms or procedures as the United States and Chile may agree, as set forth in pertinent regulations.

(m)

Interpretation of rules of origin.

(i) Unless otherwise specified, a rule in subdivision (n) of this note that is set out adjacent and is applicable to a 6-digit subheading
in the tariff schedule shall take precedence over a rule applicable to a 4-digit heading superior thereto and covering the goods
of such subheading. For purposes of this subdivision and subdivision (n) of this note, a tariff provision is a “heading” if its article
description is not indented; a provision is a “subheading” if it is designated by 6 digits under the Harmonized Commodity
Description and Coding System.

(ii) References to weight in the rules set forth in subdivision (n) of this note for goods provided for in chapters 1 through 24 of the

tariff schedule are to dry weight, unless otherwise specified in the tariff schedule.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.278

Chile

(iii) A requirement of a change in tariff classification in subdivision (n) of this note applies only to nonoriginating materials.

(iv) A good shall not be considered to be originating solely by virtue of having undergone:

(A) simple combining or packaging operations, or

(B) mere dilution with water or another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the good.

(v) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 6 through 14, inclusive, agricultural and horticultural goods grown in
the territory of Chile or of the United States shall be treated as originating therein even if grown from seed, bulbs, rootstock,
cuttings, slips or other live parts of plants imported from a country other than Chile or the United States.

(vi)

(A) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 28 through 38, inclusive, the following provisions confer origin to

a good of any heading or subheading in such chapters, except as otherwise specified in this subdivision.

(B) Notwithstanding subdivision (vi)(A), a good of chapters 28 through 38 is an originating good if it meets the applicable

change in tariff classification or satisfies the applicable value content requirement specified in subdivision (n) of this note.

(C) A good of chapters 28 through 38, except goods of heading 3823, that results from a chemical reaction in the territory of
Chile or of the United States, or both, shall be treated as an originating good. For purposes of such chapters, a “chemical
reaction” is a process (including a biochemical process) that results in a molecule with a new structure by breaking
intramolecular bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial arrangement of atoms in a
molecule.

The following are not considered to be chemical reactions for the purposes of determining whether a good is originating:

(1) dissolving in water or in another solvent;

(2)

the elimination of solvents, including solvent water; or

(3)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallization.

(D) A good of chapters 28 through 38 that is subject to purification shall be treated as an originating good provided that the

purification occurs in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and results in the following:

(1)

the elimination of 80 percent of the impurities; or

(2)

the reduction or elimination of impurities resulting in a good suitable:

(I)

as a pharmaceutical, medicinal, cosmetic, veterinary or food grade substance;

(II) as a chemical product or reagent for analytical, diagnostic or laboratory uses;

(III) as an element or component for use in micro-elements;

(IV) for specialized optical uses;

(V)

for non-toxic uses for health and safety;

(VI) for biotechnical use;

(VII) as a carrier used in a separation process; or

(VIII)for nuclear grade uses.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.279

Chile

(E) A good of chapters 30, 31 or 33 through 38, except for heading 3808, shall be treated as an originating good if the

deliberate and proportionally controlled mixing or blending (including dispersing) of materials to conform to predetermined
specifications, resulting in the production of a good having physical or chemical characteristics that are relevant to the
purposes or uses of the good and are different from the input materials, occurs in the territory of Chile or of the United
States, or both.

(F) A good of chapters 30, 31 or 33 shall be treated as an originating good if the deliberate and controlled modification in

particle size of the good, including micronizing by dissolving a polymer and subsequent precipitation, other than by merely
crushing or pressing, resulting in a good having a defined particle size, defined particle size distribution, or defined surface
area, which is relevant to the purposes of the resulting good and have different physical or chemical characteristics from
the input materials, occurs in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

(G) A good of chapters 28 through 38 shall be treated as an originating good if the production of standards materials occurs
in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both. For the purposes of this note, “standards materials” (including
standard solutions) are preparations suitable for analytical, calibrating or referencing uses, having precise degrees of
purity or proportions that are certified by the manufacturer.

(H) A good of chapters 28 through 38 shall be treated as an originating good if the isolation or separation of isomers from

mixtures of isomers occurs in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

(I) A good that undergoes a change from one classification to another in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both,

as a result of the separation of one or more materials from a man-made mixture shall not be treated as an originating
good unless the isolated material underwent a chemical reaction in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

(n) Change in tariff classification rules. [NOTE: Not updated for Pres.Proc. 8771, effective Feb. 3, 2012.]

Chapter 1.

1.

A change to headings 0101 through 0106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 2.

1.

A change to headings 0201 through 0210 from any other chapter.

Chapter 3.

1.

A change to headings 0301 through 0308 from any other chapter.

Chapter 4.

1.

A change to headings 0401 through 0410 from any other chapter, except from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by
weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90 and products containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 2106.90.

Chapter 5.

1.

A change headings 0501 through 0511 from any other chapter.

Chapter 6.

1.

A change to headings 0601 through 0604 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 0701.10 through 0712.39 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to marjoram, savory or cilantro, crushed or ground, of subheading 0712.90 from marjoram, savory or cilantro, neither

crushed nor ground, of subheading 0712.90 or any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 0712.90 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.280

Chile

3.

A change to headings 0713 through 0714 from any other chapter.

Chapter 8.

1.

A change to headings 0801 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Chapter 9.

1.

A change to subheadings 0901.11 through 0901.12 from any other chapter.

1A. A change to subheading 0901.21 from any other subheading.

1B. A change to subheading 0901.22 from any other subheading, except from subheading 0901.21.

1C. A change to subheading 0901.90 from any other chapter.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 0902 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 0903 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to crushed, ground, or powdered spices put up for retail sale of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99 from spices
that are not crushed, ground, or powdered of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99, or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to mixtures of spices or any good of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99 other than crushed, ground, or powdered

spices put up for retail sale from any other subheading.

Chapter 10.

1.

A change to headings 1001 through 1008 from any other chapter.

Chapter 11.

1.

A change to headings 1101 through 1109 from any other chapter.

Chapter 12.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1201 through 1207 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1208.10 through 1209.30 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to celery seeds, crushed or ground, of subheading 1209.91 from celery seeds, neither crushed nor ground, of

subheading 1209.91 or any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 1209.91 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1209.99 through 1211.40 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to basil, rosemary or sage, crushed or ground, of subheading 1211.90 from basil, rosemary or sage, neither crushed

nor ground, of subheading 1211.90 or any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 1211.90 from any other chapter.

6.

A change to headings 1212 through 1214 from any other chapter

Chapter 13.

1.

A change to headings 1301 through 1302 from any other chapter, except from concentrates of poppy straw of subheading 2939.11.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.281

Chile

Chapter 14.

1.

A change to headings 1401 through 1404 from any other chapter.

Chapter 15.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 1501 through 1518 from any other chapter, except from heading 3823.

A change to heading 1520 from any other chapter, except from heading 3823.

A change to headings 1521 through 1522 from any other chapter.

Chapter 16.

1.

A change to headings 1601 through 1605 from any other chapter.

Chapter 17.

1.

2.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1704 from any other heading.

Chapter 18.

1.

A change to headings 1801 through 1802 from any other chapter.

1A. A change to headings 1803 through 1805 from any other heading.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that such products of 1806.10 containing 90 percent or more
by dry weight of sugar do not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17 and that products of 1806.10 containing less than 90
percent by dry weight of sugar do not contain more than 35 percent of nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17 nor more than 35 percent
by weight of nonoriginating cocoa powder of heading 1805.

A change to subheading 1806.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.31 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 1806.32 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 19.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 1901.10 from any other chapter, provided that products of 1901.10 containing over 10 percent by weight
of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy products of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.20 from any other chapter, provided that products of 1901.20 containing over 25 percent by weight
of butterfat and not put up for retail sale do not contain nonoriginating dairy products of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.90 from any other chapter, provided that products of 1901.90 containing over 10 percent by weight
of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy products of chapter 4.

4.

A change to headings 1902 through 1905 from any other chapter.

Chapter 20.

Chapter rule 1: Fruit, nut and vegetable preparations of headings 2001 through 2008 that have been prepared or preserved by freezing,
by packing (including canning) in water, brine or natural juices or by roasting, either dry or in oil (including processing incidental to freezing,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.282

Chile

packing or roasting), shall be treated as an originating good only if the fresh good were wholly produced or obtained entirely in the territory
of Chile or of the United States or both.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 2001 from any other chapter, except as provided for in chapter rule 1 to this chapter.

A change to heading 2002 from any other heading, except from chapter 7 and except as provided for in chapter rule 1 to this chapter.

A change to headings 2003 through 2007 from any other chapter, except as provided for in chapter rule 1 to this chapter.

A change to subheading 2008.11 from any other heading, except from heading 1202 and except as provided for in chapter rule 1
to this chapter.

A change to subheadings 2008.19 through 2008.99 from any other chapter, except as provided for in chapter rule 1 to this chapter.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

A change to subheadings 2009.41 through 2009.89 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter or from pineapple, banana or mango juices of heading 2009; or

(B) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a single country other than Chile or the
United States, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

Chapter 21.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 2101 through 2102 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.20 from any other chapter, except from subheading 2002.90 or from chapter 7.

A change to subheading 2103.30 from any other chapter.

4A. A change to subheading 2103.90 from any other subheading.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 2104 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2105 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by
weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

A change to a single fruit or single vegetable juice of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or
2009, or from fruit or vegetable juices of subheading 2202.90.

8.

A change to mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90--

(1)

(2)

from any other chapter or from pineapple, banana or mango juices of heading 2009 or subheading 2202.90, but not from
heading 0805 or from other juices or juice mixtures of heading 2009 or subheading 2202.90; or

from any other subheading within chapter 21, from heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from one
country other than Chile and the United States, constitutes in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the
good.

9.

A change to products containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except
from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.283

Chile

10. A change to compound alcoholic preparations of subheading 2106.90 from any other subheading, except from headings 2203

through 2209.

11. A change to sugar syrups of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from chapter 17.

12. A change to other goods of heading 2106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 22.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 2201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.10 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to any single fruit or single vegetable juice of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter, except from headings

0805 or 2009, or from fruit or vegetable juices of subheading 2106.90; or

(B) A change to mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90–

(1)

(2)

from any other chapter or from pineapple, banana or mango juices of heading 2009 or subheading 2106.90, but not from
heading 0805 or from other juices or juice mixtures of heading 2009 or subheading 2106.90; or

from any other subheading within chapter 22, heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from one
country other than Chile and the United States, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of
the good; or

(C) A change to beverages containing milk of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter, except from chapter 4 or from dairy

preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90; or

(D) A change to other goods of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter.

4.

A change to headings 2203 through 2209 from any other heading, except from another heading within that group.

Chapter 23.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 2301 through 2308 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2309.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2309.90 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or subheading 1901.90.

Chapter 24.

1.

A change to headings 2401 through 2403 from any other chapter, or from wrapper tobacco not threshed or similarly processed of
chapter 24, or from homogenized or reconstituted tobacco suitable for use as wrapper tobacco of chapter 24.

Chapter 25.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 2501 through 2516 from any other heading, including another heading in that group.

A change to subheadings 2517.10 through 2517.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2517.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 2517.41 through 2517.49 from any other heading.

A change to headings 2518 through subheading 2530.20 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.284

Chile

6.

(A) A change to natural cryolite or natural chiolite of subheading 2530.90 from any other good of subheading 2530.90 or from any

other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2530.90 from natural cryolite or natural chiolite of subheading 2530.90 or from any

other heading.

Chapter 26.

1.

A change to headings 2601 through 2621 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 27.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to headings 2701 through 2706 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided that the good entered under the terms of this note is the product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision
(m)(vi) of this note.

A change to headings 2708 through 2709 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to heading 2710 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any good of heading 2710 from any other good of heading 2710, provided that the good classified in heading

2710 is the product of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (m)(vi) of this note.

A change to subheading 2711.11 from any other subheading except from subheading 2711.21.

A change to subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from subheading 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2711.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.11.

A change to subheading 2711.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.21.

A change to headings 2712 through 2714 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

10. A change to heading 2715 from any other heading, except from heading 2714 or subheading 2713.20.

11. A change to heading 2716 from any other heading.

Chapter 28.

[Chapter rule 1 deleted.]

Chapter rule 2: A nonoriginating material or component will not be deemed to have satisfied all other applicable requirements of these
rules by reason of a change from one classification to another merely as the result of the separation of one or more individual materials
or components from a man-made mixture unless the isolated material or component, itself, also underwent a chemical reaction.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 2801.10 through 2801.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 2802 from any other heading, except from heading 2503.

A change to heading 2803 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2804.10 through 2804.50 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.285

Chile

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2804.61 through 2804.69 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 2804.70 through 2804.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 2805 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2806.10 through 2806.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 2807 through 2808 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

10. A change to subheadings 2809.10 through 2809.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

11. A change to heading 2810 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheading 2811.11 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheading 2811.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2811.22.

14. A change to subheading 2811.21 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 2811.22 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2505.10, 2506.10 or 2811.19.

16. A change to subheadings 2811.29 through 2813.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

17. A change to heading 2814 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 2815.11 through 2815.12 from any other subheading outside that group.

19. A change to subheadings 2815.20 through 2815.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

20. A change to subheading 2816.10 from any other subheading.

21.

(A) A change to oxide, hydroxide or peroxide of strontium of subheading 2816.40 from oxide, hydroxide or peroxide of barium of

subheading 2816.40 or any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90; or

(B) A change to oxide, hydroxide or peroxide of barium of subheading 2816.40 from oxide, hydroxide or peroxide of strontium of

subheading 2816.40 or any other subheading.

22. A change to heading 2817 from any other heading, except from heading 2608.

23.

(A) A change to subheadings 2818.10 through 2818.30 from any other chapter, except from chapters 28 through 38; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2818.10 through 2818.30 from any other subheading within chapters 28 through 38, including another
subheading within that group, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

24. A change to subheadings 2819.10 through 2819.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

25. A change to subheadings 2820.10 through 2820.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 2530.90 or heading 2602.

26. A change to subheading 2821.10 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.286

Chile

27. A change to subheading 2821.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90 or subheadings 2601.11 through

2601.20.

28. A change to heading 2822 from any other heading, except from heading 2605.

29. A change to heading 2823 from any other heading.

30. A change to subheadings 2824.10 through 2824.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from heading 2607.

31. A change to subheadings 2825.10 through 2825.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

32. A change to subheading 2825.50 from any other subheading, except from heading 2603.

33. A change to subheading 2825.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2615.10.

34. A change to subheading 2825.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2613.10.

35. A change to subheading 2825.80 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2617.10.

36. A change to subheading 2825.90 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in subheading 2825.90 is the product

of a chemical reaction, as defined in subdivision (m)(vi) of this note.

37. A change to subheading 2826.12 through 2826.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

38. A change to subheading 2827.10 through 2827.35 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

39.

(A) A change to barium chloride of subheading 2827.39 from other chlorides of subheading 2827.39 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2826.11 through 2833.26 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group.

40.

(A) A change to barium, iron, cobalt or zinc chlorides of subheading 2827.39 from other chlorides of subheading 2827.39 or any

other subheading; or

(B) A change to other chlorides of subheading 2827.39 from barium, iron, cobalt or zinc chloride of subheading 2827.39 or any

other subheading.

41. A change to subheadings 2827.41 through 2833.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

42. A change to subheading 2833.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.20.

43. A change to subheadings 2833.22 through 2833.25 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

44. A change to subheading 2833.27 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2511.10.

45.

(A) A change to sulfates of chromium or zinc of subheading 2833.29 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to other sulfates of subheading 2833.29 from any other subheading, except from heading 2520.

46. A change to subheadings 2833.30 through 2833.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

47. A change to subheadings 2834.10 through 2834.21 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

48.

(A) A change to bismuth nitrates of subheading 2834.29 from other nitrates of subheading 2834.29 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to other nitrates of subheading 2834.29 to bismuth nitrates of subheading 2834.29 or any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.287

Chile

49. A change to subheadings 2835.10 through 2835.25 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

50. A change to subheading 2835.26 from any other subheading, except from heading 2510.

51. A change to subheadings 2835.29 through 2835.39 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[52. Rule deleted.]

53. A change to subheading 2836.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90.

54. A change to subheadings 2836.30 through 2836.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

55. A change to subheading 2836.50 from any other subheading, except from heading 2509, subheadings 2517.41 or 2517.49, heading

2521 or subheading 2530.90.

56. A change to subheading 2836.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2511.20.

[57. Rule deleted.]

58. A change to subheading 2836.91 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheading 2836.92 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90.

60.

(A) A change to commercial ammonium carbonate or other ammonium carbonates of subheading 2836.99 from any other

subheading;

(B) A change to bismuth carbonate of subheading 2836.99 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2617.90;

(C) A change to lead carbonates of subheading 2836.99 from any other subheading, except from heading 2607; or

(D) A change to other goods of subheading 2836.99, provided that the good classified in subheading 2836.99 is the product of a

chemical reaction.

61. A change to subheadings 2837.11 through 2837.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[62. Rule deleted.]

63. A change to subheadings 2839.11 through 2839.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

64. A change to subheading 2839.90 from any other subheading.

65.

(A) A change to subheadings 2840.11 through 2840.20 from any other chapter, except from chapters 28 through 38; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2840.11 through 2840.20 from any other subheading within chapters 28 through 38, including another

subheading within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

66. A change to subheading 2840.30 from any other subheading.

67. A change to subheading 2841.30 from any other subheading.

68.

(A) A change to chromates of zinc or lead of subheading 2841.50 from any other subheading;

(B) A change to potassium dichromate of 2841.50 from any other good of subheading 2841.50 or any other subheading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.288

Chile

(C) A change to other chromates, dichromates or peroxochromates of subheading 2841.50 from potassium dichromate of subheading

2841.50 or any other subheading, except from heading 2610.

69. A change to subheadings 2841.61 through 2841.69 from any other subheading outside that group.

70. A change to subheading 2841.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2613.90.

71. A change to subheading 2841.80 from any other subheading, except from heading 2611.

72.

(A) A change to aluminates of subheading 2841.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2841.90 from aluminates of subheading 2841.90 or from any other subheading,

provided that the good classified in subheading 2841.90 is the product of a chemical reaction.

73.

(A) A change to double or complex silicates, including chemically defined aluminosilicates, of subheading 2842.10 from

non-chemically defined aluminosilicates of subheading 2842.10 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to non-chemically defined aluminosilicates of subheading 2842.10 from double or complex silicates, including
chemically defined aluminosilicates, of subheading 2842.10 or from any other heading within chapters 28 through 38; or

(C) A change to non-chemically defined aluminosilicates of subheading 2842.10 from any other subheading within chapters 28

through 38, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value contact of not less
than:
(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

74.

(A) A change to fulminates, cyanates or thiocyanates of subheading 2842.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2842.90 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in subheading

2842.90 is the product of a chemical reaction.

75. A change to subheading 2843.10 from any other subheading, except from headings 7106, 7108, 7110 or 7112.

76. A change to subheadings 2843.21 through 2843.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

77. A change to subheadings 2843.30 through 2843.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 2616.90.

78. A change to subheading 2844.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2612.10.

79. A change to subheading 2844.20 from any other subheading.

80. A change to subheading 2844.30 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2844.20.

81. A change to subheadings 2844.40 through 2844.50 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

82. A change to heading 2845 from any other heading.

83. A change to subheading 2846 from any other heading, except from subheading 2530.90.

84. A change to headings 2847 through 2848 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

85. A change to subheadings 2849.10 through 2849.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

86. A change to headings 2850 through 2851 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.289

Chile

87. A change to heading 2852 from any other heading.

88. A change to heading 2853 from any other heading.

Chapter 29.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2901.10 through 2901.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from acyclic petroleum oils of heading 2710 or from subheadings 2711.13, 2711.14, 2711.19 or 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2902.11 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 2902.19 from any other subheading, except from non-aromatic cyclic petroleum oils of subheadings 2707.50
or 2707.99 or heading 2710.

A change to subheading 2902.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.10, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheading 2902.30 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.20, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheadings 2902.41 through 2902.44 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from subheadings 2707.30, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheading 2902.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 2902.60 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.30, 2707.50 or 2707.99 or heading
2710.

A change to subheadings 2902.70 through 2902.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from subheadings 2707.50 or 2707.99 or heading 2710.

10. A change to subheadings 2903.11 through 2903.15 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

11.

(A) A change to 1,2-dichloropropane (propylene dichloride) or dichlorobutanes of subheading 2903.19 from other saturated

chlorinated derivatives of acyclic hydrocarbons of subheading 2903.19 or from any other subheading, or

(B) A change to other saturated chlorinated derivatives of acyclic hydrocarbons of subheading 2903.19 from 1,2-dichloropropane

(propylene dichloride) or dichlorobutanes of subheading 2903.19 or any other subheading.

12. A change to subheadings 2903.21 through 2903.39 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

13. A change to subheadings 2903.71 through 2903.79 from any other subheading outside that group.

14. A change to subheadings 2903.81 through 2904.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[15. Rule deleted.]

16. A change to subheadings 2905.11 through 2905.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

17. A change to subheadings 2905.22 through 2905.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheadings 1301.90, 3301.90 or 3805.90.

18. A change to subheadings 2905.31 through 2905.44 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

19. A change to subheading 2905.45 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

20. A change to subheading 2905.49 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.290

Chile

21. A change to subheadings 2905.51 through 2905.59 from any subheading outside that group.

22. A change to subheading 2906.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3301.24 or 3301.25.

23. A change to subheadings 2906.12 through 2906.13 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[24. Rule deleted.]

25.

(A) A change to terpineols of subheading 2906.19 from any other good, except from heading 3805; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2906.19 from pine oils of subheading 3805.90 or any other subheading, except

from subheading 3301.90 or any other goods of subheading 3805.90.

26. A change to subheading 2906.21 from any other subheading.

27. A change to subheading 2906.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.60 or 3301.90.

28. A change to subheading 2907.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.60.

29. A change to subheadings 2907.12 through 2907.22 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 2707.99.

30. A change to subheading 2907.23 from any other subheading.

31.

(A) A change to phenol alcohols of subheading 2907.29 from polyphenols of subheading 2907.29 or any other subheading, except

from subheading 2707.99; or

(B) A change to polyphenols of subheading 2907.29 from phenol alcohols of subheading 2907.29 or any other subheading, except

from subheading 2707.99.

32. A change to heading 2908 from any other heading.

33. A change to subheadings 2909.11 through 2909.49 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

34. A change to subheading 2909.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

35. A change to subheading 2909.60 from any other subheading.

36. A change to subheadings 2910.10 through 2909.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

37. A change to heading 2911 from any other heading.

38. A change to subheadings 2912.11 through 2912.12 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

39.

(A) A change to n-butanal (butyraldehyde, normal isomer) of subheading 2912.19 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheadings 2912.19 through 2912.49 from any other subheading, except from subheading

3301.90.

40. A change to subheadings 2912.50 through 2912.60 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

41. A change to heading 2913 from any other heading.

42. A change to subheadings 2914.11 through 2914.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3301.90.

43. A change to subheading 2914.22 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.291

Chile

44. A change to subheading 2914.23 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

45. A change to subheading 2914.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3301.90 or 3805.90.

46. A change to subheading 2914.31 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2914.39 or 3301.90.

47. A change to subheading 2914.39 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2914.31 or 3301.90.

48. A change to subheadings 2914.40 through 2914.70 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3301.90.

49. A change to subheadings 2915.11 through 2915.33 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

49A. A change to subheading 2915.36 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

49B. (A) A change to isobutyl acetate or 2-ethoxyethyl acetate of subheading 2915.39 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2915.39 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.10.

50. A change to subheading 2915.39 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

51. A change to subheadings 2915.40 through 2915.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

52. A change to subheadings 2916.11 through 2916.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

53.

(A) A change to subheadings 2916.31 through 2916.39 from any other chapter, except from chapters 28 through 38; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2916.31 through 2916.39 from any other subheading within chapters 28 through 38, including another

subheading within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

54. A change to subheadings 2917.11 through 2917.39 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

55. A change to subheading 2918.11 through 2918.16 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

55A. A change to subheading 2918.18 from any other subheading.

55B. (A) A change to phenylglycolic acid (mandelic acid), its salts or esters of subheading 2918.19 from any other good of subheading

2918.19 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2918.19 from phenylglycolic acid (mandelic acid), its salts or esters of subheading

2918.19 or any other subheading, except from subheading 2918.18.

56. A change to subheading 2918.21 from any other subheading.

57. A change to subheading 2918.22 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

58. A change to subheading 2918.23 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

59. A change to subheadings 2918.29 through 2918.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

60. A change to subheading 2918.30 from any other subheading.

61. A change to subheadings 2918.91 through 2918.99 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.292

Chile

62. A change to heading 2919 from any other heading.

63. A change to subheadings 2920.11 through 2921.45 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

64. A change to subheadings 2921.46 through 2921.49 from any other subheading outside that group.

65. A change to subheadings 2921.51 through 2921.59 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

66. A change to subheadings 2922.11 through 2922.13 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

67. A change to subheadings 2922.14 through 2922.19 from any subheading outside that group.

68. A change to subheadings 2922.21 through 2922.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

69. A change to subheadings 2922.31 through 2922.39 from any subheading outside that group.

70. A change to subheadings 2922.41 through 2922.43 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

71. A change to subheadings 2922.44 through 2922.49 from any subheading outside that group.

72. A change to subheading 2922.50 from any other subheading.

73. A change to subheadings 2923.10 through 2923.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

74. A change to subheadings 2924.11 through 2924.19 from any subheading outside that group.

75. A change to subheading 2924.21 from any other subheading.

76. A change to 2-acetamidobenzonic acid (N-acetylanthranilic acid) of subheading 2924.23 from its salts of subheading 2924.23 or

from any other subheading.

77. A change to salts of subheading 2924.23 from 2-acetamidobenzoic acid (N-acetylanthranilic acid) of subheading 2924.23 or from

any other subheading.

78. A change to subheadings 2924.24 through 2924.29 from any subheading outside that group, except from salts of subheading

2924.23.

79. A change to subheading 2925.11 from any other subheading.

80. A change to subheadings 2925.12 through 2925.19 from any subheading outside that group.

81. A change to subheadings 2925.21 through 2925.29 from any other subheading.

82. A change to subheadings 2926.10 through 2926.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

83. A change to headings 2927 through 2928 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

84. A change to subheadings 2929.10 through 2930.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

85. A change to heading 2931 from any other heading.

86. A change to subheadings 2932.11 through 2932.94 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3301.90.

87. A change to subheadings 2932.95 through 2932.99 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading 3301.90.

88. A change to subheadings 2933.11 through 2933.32 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.293

Chile

89. A change to subheadings 2933.33 through 2933.39 from any subheading outside that group.

90. A change to subheadings 2933.41 through 2933.49 from any subheading outside that group.

91. A change to subheadings 2933.52 through 2933.54 from any subheading outside that group.

92. A change to subheadings 2933.55 through 2933.59 from any subheading outside that group.

93. A change to subheadings 2933.61 through 2933.69 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

94. A change to subheading 2933.71 from any other subheading.

95. A change to subheadings 2933.72 through 2933.79 from any subheading outside that group.

96. A change to subheadings 2933.91 through 2933.99 from any subheading outside that group.

97. A change to subheadings 2934.10 through 2934.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

98. A change to subheadings 2934.91 through 2934.99 from any subheading outside that group.

99. A change to heading 2935 from any other heading.

100. A change to subheadings 2936.21 through 2936.29 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

101. (A) A change to unmixed provitamins of subheading 2936.90 from any other good of subheading 2936.90 or from any other

subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2936.90 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2936.21 through

2936.29.

102. A change to headings 2937 through 2938 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

103. (A) A change to concentrates of poppy straw of subheading 2939.11 from any other subheading, except from chapter 13; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2939.11 from concentrates of poppy straw of subheading 2939.11 or any other

heading.

104. A change to subheadings 2939.19 through 2939.99 from concentrates of poppy straw of subheading 2939.11 or from any other

heading.

105. A change to headings 2940 through 2941 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

106. A change to heading 2942 from any other chapter.

Chapter 30.

[Chapter rule 1 deleted.]

1.

2.

A change to subheading 3001.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group, except from subheading
3006.92.

(A) A change to dried glands or other dried organs of subheading 3001.90 from any other good of subheading 3001.90 or from
any other subheading, except from subheadings 3006.92, 0206.10 through 0208.90 or 0305.20, headings 0504 or 0510 or
subheading 0511.99 if the change from these provisions is not a powder classified in subheading 3001.90; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3001.90 from dried glands or other dried organs of subheading 3001.90 or from

any other subheading, except from subheading 3006.92.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.294

Chile

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 3002.10 through 3002.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3006.92, including another
subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3003.10 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2941.10, 2941.20, 3003.20 or 3006.92.

A change to subheading 3003.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2941.30 through 2941.90 or 3006.92.

A change to subheading 3003.31 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2937.91 or 3006.92.

A change to subheading 3003.39 from any other subheading, except from hormones or their derivatives classified in chapter 29
and except from subheading 3006.92.

A change to subheading 3003.40 from any other subheading, except from heading 1211, subheadings 1302.11, 1302.19, 1302.20
or 1302.39, or from alkaloids or derivatives thereof classified in chapter 29 or from subheading 3006.92.

A change to subheading 3003.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3006.92, provided that the domestic content
of the therapeutic or prophylactic component is not less than 40 percent by weight of the total therapeutic or prophylactic content.

10. A change to subheading 3004.10 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2941.10, 2941.20, 3003.10, 3003.20 or

3006.92.

11. A change to subheading 3004.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2941.30 through 2941.90, 3003.20 or

3006.92.

12. A change to subheading 3004.31 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2937.91, 3003.31, 3003.39 or 3006.92.

13.

(A) A change to hormone derivatives of corticosteroid hormones of subheading 3004.32 from any other subheading or corticosteroid

hormones or structural analogues of corticosteroid hormones of subheading 3004.32, except from subheadings 3003.39 or
3006.92 or from adrenal cortical hormones classified in chapter 29;

(B) A change to structural analogues of corticosteroid hormones of subheading 3004.32 from any other subheading or corticosteroid
hormones or derivatives of subheading 3004.32, except from subheadings 3003.39, 3004.39 or 3006.92; or hormones or
derivatives thereof classified in chapter 29;

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 3004.32 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3003.39 or 3006.92

or from adrenal cortical hormones classified in chapter 29.

14. A change to subheading 3004.39 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3003.39 or 3006.92 or from hormones or

derivatives thereof classified in chapter 29.

15. A change to subheading 3004.40 from any other subheading, except from heading 1211, subheadings 1302.11, 1302.19, 1302.20,

1302.39, 3003.40 or 3006.92 or from alkaloids or derivatives thereof classified in chapter 29.

16. A change to subheading 3004.50 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3003.90 or 3006.92 or from vitamins

classified in chapter 29 or goods classified in heading 2936.

17. A change to subheadings 3004.60 through 3004.90 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3003.90 or 3006.92,

provided that the domestic content of the therapeutic or prophylactic component is not less than 40 percent by weight of the total
therapeutic or prophylactic content.

18. A change to subheading 3005.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3006.92.

19.

(A) A change to subheading 3005.90 from any other heading, except from subheading 3006.92; or

(B) A change to subheading 3005.90 from any other subheading within heading 3005, except from subheading 3006.92, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.295

Chile

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

20. A change to subheading 3006.10 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 1212.20, 3006.92 or 4206.10.

21. A change to subheadings 3006.20 through 3006.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3006.92, including another

subheading within that group.

22.

(A) A change to subheading 3006.70 from any other heading within chapters 28 through 38, except from subheading 3006.92; or

(B) A change to subheading 3006.70 from any other subheading within chapters 28 through 38 except from subheading 3006.92,
including another subheading within that group, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

23. A change to subheading 3006.91 from any other heading.

24. A change to subheading 3006.92 from any other chapter.

Chapter 31.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 3101 from any other heading, except from subheading 2301.20 or from powders and meals of subheading
0506.90, heading 0508 or subheadings 0511.91 or 0511.99.

A change to subheadings 3102.10 through 3102.21 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3102.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3102.21 or 3102.30.

A change to subheading 3102.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3102.40 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3102.30.

A change to subheading 3102.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3102.60 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2834.29 or 3102.30.

[8. Rule deleted.]

9.

A change to subheading 3102.80 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3102.10 or 3102.30.

10.

(A) A change to calcium cyanamide of subheading 3102.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3102.90 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3102.10 through

3102.80.

11. A change to subheading 3103.10 from any other subheading.

12.

(A) A change to basic slag of subheading 3103.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3103.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3103.10.

13. A change to subheadings 3104.20 through 3104.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

14.

(A) A change to carnallite, sylvite or other crude natural potassium salts of subheading 3104.90 from any other subheading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.296

Chile

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3104.90 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3104.20 through

3104.30.

15. A change to subheading 3105.10 from any other subheading, except from chapter 31.

16. A change to subheading 3105.20 from any other heading, except from headings 3102 through 3104.

17. A change to subheadings 3105.30 through 3105.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

18. A change to subheadings 3105.51 through 3105.59 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheadings 3102.10 through 3103.90 or 3105.30 through 3105.40.

19. A change to subheading 3105.60 from any other subheading, except from headings 3103 through 3104.

20. A change to subheading 3105.90 from any other chapter, except from subheading 2834.21.

Chapter 32.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 3201.10 through 3202.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 3203 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.17 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3204.19 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.17.

A change to subheadings 3204.20 through 3204.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 3205 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3206.11 through 3206.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 3206.20 through 3207.42 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

8A.

(A) A change to pigments and preparations based on cadmium compounds of subheading 3206.49 from any other good of

subheading 3206.49 or from any other subheading;

(B) A change to pigments and preparations based on hexacyanoferrates (ferrocyanides and ferricyanides) of subheading 3206.49

from any other good of subheading 3206.49 or from any other subheading; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 3206.49 from any other subheading.

8B. A change to subheadings 3206.50 through 3207.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

9.

A change to subheadings 3208.10 through 3209.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

10. A change to heading 3210 from any other heading.

11. A change to heading 3211 from any other heading, except from heading 3212.

12. A change to subheadings 3212.10 through 3212.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

13. A change to heading 3213 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.297

Chile

14. A change to subheadings 3214.10 through 3214.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from subheading 3824.50.

15. A change to heading 3215 from any other heading.

Chapter 33.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 3301.12 through 3301.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 3301.12 through 3301.90 from any other subheading within chapter 33, including another subheading

within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

1A.

(A) A change to essential oils of bergamot or of lime of subheading 3301.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to essential oils of bergamot or of lime of subheading 3301.19 from any other subheading within chapter 33, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

1B.

(A) A change to any other good of subheading 3301.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3301.19 from essential oils of bergamot or of lime of subheading 3301.19 or from

any other subheading within chapter 33, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

1C.

(A) A change to subheadings 3301.24 through 3301.25 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 3301.24 through 3301.25 from any other subheading within chapter 33, including another subheading

within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

1D.

(A) A change to essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver of subheading 3301.29 from any other chapter;

or

(B) A change to essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver of subheading 3301.29 from any other subheading
within chapter 33, including another subheading within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

1E.

(A) A change to any other good of subheading 3301.29 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.298

Chile

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3301.29 from essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver of

subheading 3301.29 or from any other subheading within chapter 33, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

1F.

(A) A change to subheadings 3301.30 through 3301.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 3301.30 through 3301.90 from any other subheading within chapter 33, including another subheading

within that group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 3302 from any other heading, except from subheading 2106.90 or headings 2207, 2208 or 3301.

A change to heading 3303 from any other heading, except from subheading 3302.90.

A change to subheadings 3304.10 through 3306.10 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3306.20 from any other subheading, except from chapter 54.

A change to subheading 3306.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3307.10 through 3307.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Chapter 34.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 3401.11 through 3401.20 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 3401.30 from any subheading except from subheading 3402.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 3401.30 from subheading 3402.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 3402.11 through 3402.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 3402.11 through 3402.19 from any other subheading within heading 3402, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 3402.20 from any subheading except from subheadings 3401.30 or 3402.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 3402.20 from subheading 3402.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.299

Chile

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 3402.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 3403.11 through 3403.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 3403.11 through 3403.19 from any other subheading within heading 3403, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 3403.91 through 3403.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 3404.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

(A) A change to artificial waxes or prepared waxes of chemically modified lignite of subheading 3404.90 from any other good of

subheading 3404.90 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3404.90 from any other subheading, except from heading 1521 or subheadings

2712.20 or 2712.90.

10. A change to subheadings 3405.10 through 3405.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

11. A change to headings 3406 through 3407 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 35.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 3501.10 through 3501.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
except from heading 0407.

A change to subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 3503 through 3504 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheading 3505.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3505.20 from any other subheading, except from heading 1108.

(A) A change to subheading 3506.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 3506.10 from any other subheading within heading 3506, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 3506.91 through 3506.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to heading 3507 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.300

Chile

Chapter 36.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

A change to headings 3601 through 3606 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 37.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 3701 through 3703 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 3704 through 3706 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3707.10 through 3707.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Chapter 38.

[Chapter rule deleted.]

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheading 3801.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3801.20 from any other subheading, except from heading 2504 or subheading 3801.10.

A change to subheading 3801.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3801.90 from any other subheading, except from heading 2504.

A change to headings 3802 through 3804 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to heading 3805 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3806.10 through 3806.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

8.

A change to heading 3807 from any other heading.

[9. Rule deleted.]

[10. Rule deleted.]

11. A change to subheading 3808.50 from any other subheading, provided that not less than 40 percent by weight of the active ingredient

or ingredients is originating.

12. A change to subheadings 3808.91 through 3808.92 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

12A. (A) A change to subheading 3808.93 from any other subheading, except from herbicides, antisprouting products and plant-growth

regulators classified in chapters 28 or 29; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.301

Chile

(B) A change to a mixture of subheading 3808.93 from any other subheading, provided that the mixture is made from two or more
active ingredients and a domestic active ingredient constitutes not less than 40 percent by weight of the total active ingredients.

12B. A change to subheading 3808.94 from any other subheading.

12C.

(A) A change to subheading 3808.99 from any other subheading, except from rodenticides and other pesticides classified in

chapters 28 or 29; or

(B) A change to a mixture of subheading 3808.99 from any other subheading, provided that the mixture is made from two or more
active ingredients and a domestic active ingredient constitutes not less than 40 percent by weight of the total active ingredients.

13. A change to subheading 3809.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3505.10.

14. A change to subheadings 3809.91 through 3809.93 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

15. A change to headings 3810 through 3816 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

16. A change to heading 3817 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2902.90.

17. A change to heading 3818 from any other heading.

18. A change to heading 3819 from any other heading, except from heading 2710.

19. A change to heading 3820 from any other heading, except from subheading 2905.31.

20. A change to heading 3821 from any other heading.

21. A change to heading 3822 from any other heading, except from subheadings 3002.10 or 3502.90 or heading 3504.

22. A change to subheadings 3823.11 through 3823.13 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

except from heading 1520.

23. A change to subheading 3823.19 from any other subheading.

24. A change to subheading 3823.70 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

25. A change to subheading 3824.10 from any other subheading.

26.

(A) A change to subheading 3824.30 from any other subheading, except from heading 2849; or

(B) A change to subheading 3824.30 from heading 2849, whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

27. A change to subheadings 3824.40 through 3824.60 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

28.

(A) A change to subheadings 3824.71 through 3824.83 from any other heading within chapters 28 through 38; or

(B) A change to subheadings 3824.71 through 3824.83 from any other subheading within chapters 28 through 38, including another
subheading within that group, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.302

Chile

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

28A. (A) A change to naphthenic acids, their water-insoluble salts or their esters of subheading 3824.90 from any other subheading;

or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3824.90 from any other subheading within chapters 28 through 38, whether or not

there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

29.

(A) A change to subheadings 3825.10 through 3825.90 from any other heading within chapters 28 through 38; or

(B) A change to subheadings 3825.10 through 3825.90 from any other subheading within chapters 28 through 38, including another
subheading within that group, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value
content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

30. A change to heading 3826 from any other subheading within chapters 28 through 38, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Chapter 39.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 3901 through 3915 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided that the
domestic polymer content is not less than 40 percent by weight of the total polymer content.

A change to subheadings 3916.10 through 3918.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 3920.10 through 3921.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 3922 through 3926 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 40.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.22 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 4001.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 4001.21 through 4001.22.

A change to subheading 4001.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 4002.11 through 4002.70 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheadings 4002.80 through 4002.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
provided that the domestic rubber content is not less than 40 percent by weight of the total rubber content.

6.

A change to headings 4003 through 4004 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.303

Chile

7.

A change to headings 4005 through 4017 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

[Rule 8 deleted.]

Chapter 41.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

(A) A change to hides and skins of heading 4101 which have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is

reversible from any other good of heading 4101 or any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4101 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to hides and skins of heading 4102 which have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is

reversible from any other good of heading 4102, from wet blues of subheading 4105.10 or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4102 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to hides and skins of heading 4103 which have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is

reversible from any other good of heading 4103 or from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21 or 4106.31 through 4106.32, or
from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4103 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4104 from any other heading, except from heading 4107 or from hides and skins of heading 4101 which have
undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is reversible.

A change to heading 4105 from any other heading or from wet blues of subheading 4105.10, except from heading 4112 or from
hides and skins of heading 4102 which have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is reversible.

A change to heading 4106 from any other heading or from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91, except from
hides and skins of heading 4103 which have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is reversible and except
from subheading 4113.10.

A change to heading 4107 from any other heading or from wet blues of subheading 4107.10, except from headings 4103, 4106 or
4113 or from hides and skins of heading 4101 which have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is reversible

A change to headings 4108 through 4111 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to heading 4112 from any other heading, except from subheading 4105.30 or from hides and skins of heading 4102 which
have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which is reversible

10. A change to heading 4113 from any other heading, except from hides and skins of heading 4103 which have undergone a tanning

(including pre-tanning) process which is reversible.

11. A change to subheadings 4114.10 through 4114.20 from any other subheading outside that group.

12. A change to heading 4115 from any other heading.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 4201 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4202.11 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

4.

A change to subheadings 4202.19 through 4202.21 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.304

Chile

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 4202.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheadings 4202.29 through 4202.31 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheadings 4202.39 through 4202.91 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

10. A change to subheading 4202.99 from any other chapter.

11. A change to subheadings 4203.10 through 4203.29 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheadings 4203.30 through 4203.40 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to articles of leather or of composition leather, of a kind used in machinery or mechanical appliances or for other

technical uses of heading 4205 from any other good of heading 4205 or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4205 from articles of leather or of composition leather, of a kind used in machinery or

mechanical appliances or for other technical uses of heading 4205 or from any other heading.

14. A change to heading 4206 from any other heading.

Chapter 43.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 4301 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4302 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4303 through 4304 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 44.

1.

2.

A change to headings 4401 through 4407 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to sheets for veneering, obtained by slicing laminated wood, of heading 4408 from any other good of heading 4408

or from any other heading, except from heading 4412; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4408 from any other heading.

3.

A change to headings 4409 through 4421 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 45.

1.

A change to headings 4501 through 4504 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 46.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4602 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.305

Chile

Chapter 47.

1.

A change to headings 4701 through 4707 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 48.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 4801 through 4816 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4817 through 4822 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 4823 from any other chapter.

Chapter 49.

1.

A change to headings 4901 through 4911 from any other chapter.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any heading outside that group., except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5405 or 5501 through 5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5309 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to headings 5310 through 5311 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through 5507.

A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through
5510.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.306

Chile

4.

A change to heading 5408 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through
5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5501 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through 5405.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or
5308 or 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

A change to headings 5801 through 5811 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5306 through
5311 or chapter 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5310 or 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

A change to headings 6001 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52, heading
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 61.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified in
the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets, skirts,
overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of Chile or
of the United States:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through
5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.307

Chile

5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32
through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through 6005.44 or 6006.10
through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to the
component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements set out
in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible lining fabrics listed
in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the garment, excluding
sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.20 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or
both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

2.

(A) A change to goods of wool or fine animal hair of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106

through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(i)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or both of the parties, and

(ii)

the visible lining fabric listed in chapter rule 1 to chapter 61 satisfies the tariff change requirements provided therein; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or both of the
parties.

3.

A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or
both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

4.

5.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

(A) A change to suits of textile materials other than wool or fine animal hair, synthetic fibres, artificial fibres or cotton of subheading

6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310
through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to
shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both;

(B) A change to suits of textile materials other than wool or fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fiber, and not containing more
than 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste of subheading 6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings
5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516
or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Chile or of the United States, or both; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.308

Chile

(i)

(ii)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States,
or both, and

any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the
requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

6.

7.

A change to tariff items 6103.19.60 or 6103.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6103.22 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or
both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, the foregoing of wool,
fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers and imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining
material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the requirements of chapter
rule 1 for chapter 61.

8.

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or
both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

9.

A change to tariff items 6103.39.60 or 6103.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

10. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

11. A change to subheading 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or
both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the U.S. must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1

for chapter 61.

12.

(A) A change to tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.60 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United
States, or both; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6104.19.from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(i)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States,
or both; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.309

Chile

(ii)

any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the U.S. must satisfy the requirements of chapter
rule 1 for chapter 61.

13. A change to subheadings 6104.22 through 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or
both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104, or a skirt described in

heading 6104, the foregoing of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers and imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must
satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

14. A change to subheadings 6104.31 through 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or
both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

15. A change to tariff item 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

16. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

17. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or
both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

18. A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

19. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

20. A change to headings 6105 through 6106 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

21. A change to subheadings 6107.11 through 6107.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

22. A change to subheading 6107.21 from:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.310

Chile

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband or
elastic, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the
United States, or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311,

chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

23. A change to subheadings 6107.22 through 6107.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

24. A change to subheadings 6108.11 through 6108.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

25. A change to subheading 6108.21 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of waistband, elastic or lace,
is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United
States, or both, or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311,

chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

26. A change to subheadings 6108.22 through 6108.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

27. A change to subheading 6108.31 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband,
elastic or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or
of the United States, or both, or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311,

chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

28. A change to subheadings 6108.32 through 6108.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

29. A change to subheadings 6108.91 through 6108.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

30. A change to headings 6109 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

32. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.311

Chile

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or
both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, the foregoing of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or

man-made fibers and imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material used in the apparel article as
imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

33. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

34. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 62.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified in the following
sub-headings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets, skirts, overcoats,
carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers, and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of Chile or of the United
States:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through
5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19,
5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32
through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through 6005.44 or 6006.10
through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: Apparel goods of this chapter, shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly of one or
more of the following:

(A) velveteen fabrics of subheading 5801.23, containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton;

(B) corduroy fabrics of subheading 5801.22, containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton and containing more than 7.5 wales per

centimeter;

(C)

fabrics of subheading 5111.11 or 5111.19, if hand-woven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven in the United Kingdom in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Association, Ltd., and so certified by the Association;

(D)

fabrics of subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 grams per square meter, containing wool, not less than 20 percent by
weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 percent by weight of man-made staple fibers; or

(E) batiste fabrics of subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single yarns exceeding 76 metric count, containing

between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of a weight not exceeding 110 grams per square meter.

Chapter rule 3: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to the
component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements set out
in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible lining fabrics listed
in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the garment, excluding
sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.312

Chile

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.11 through 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

10. A change to tariff item 6203.19.50 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.313

Chile

11. A change to subheadings 6203.22 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine animal

hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material used in the
apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter
62.

12. A change to subheadings 6203.31 through 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

13. A change to tariff item 6203.39.50 or 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

14. A change to subheadings 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

15. A change to subheadings 6204.11 through 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

16. A change to tariff item 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

17. A change to subheadings 6204.21 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204, or a skirt described in
heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the
requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

18. A change to subheadings 6204.31 through 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.314

Chile

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

19. A change to tariff item 6204.39.60 or 6204.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

20. A change to subheadings 6204.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

21. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article as imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the

requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

22. A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

23. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

24. A change to subheading 6205.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

Subheading rule: Men's or boys' shirts of cotton or man-made fibers shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and assembled
in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly of one or
more of the following:

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

fabrics of subheadings 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42, 5208.49, 5208.51, 5208.52
or 5208.59, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks
per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

fabrics of subheadings 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks
per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

fabrics of subheadings 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks
per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

fabrics of subheadings 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 grams per square meter, having a dobby weave
created by a dobby attachment;

fabrics of subheadings 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks
per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

fabrics of subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter,
made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.315

Chile

(h)

fabrics of subheading 5208.41, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling
picks per square centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric, and characterized by a
check effect produced by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling; or

(i)

fabrics of subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored with vegetable
dyes, of average yarn number greater than 65 metric.

25. A change to subheadings 6205.20 through 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

26. A change to headings 6206 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

27. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

28. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, the foregoing of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or
man-made fibers and imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material used in the apparel article as
imported into the territory of the United States must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

29. A change to subheadings 6211.32 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

30. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in

the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both, and provided that, during each annual period, such goods of a producer or
entity controlling production shall be eligible for preferential treatment under this Agreement only if the aggregate cost of fabric
components formed in the territory of the United States or of Chile, or both, that are used in the production of all such articles of
that producer or entity during the preceding annual period is a least 75 percent of the aggregate declared customs value of the
fabric contained in all such goods of that producer or entity that are entered during the preceding one year period..

31. A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

32. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 63.

Chapter rule 1: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to the
component that determines the tariff classification of the good, and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements set out
in the rule for that good.

1.

A change to headings 6301 through 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States,
or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.316

Chile

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801
through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile
or of the United States, or both.

A change to headings 6304 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States,
or both.

A change to heading 6309 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 64.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 6401 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent under the build-up method.

A change to subheadings 6402.12 through 6402.20 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less
than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 6402.91 through 6403.99 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading
6406.10, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent under the build-up method.

A change to heading 6403 from any other heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, provided there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

5.

A change to subheadings 6404.11 through 6404.19 from any other heading, except from subheading 6406.10, provided there is a
regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the build-up method.

6.

A change to subheading 6404.20 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

7.

A change to heading 6405 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

8.

A change to subheading 6406.10 from any other subheading, except from headings 6401 through 6405, provided there is a regional
value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.317

Chile

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

9.

A change to subheadings 6406.20 through 6406.99 from any other chapter.

Chapter 65.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 6501 through 6502 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 6504 through 6506 from any other heading, except from headings 6503 through 6507.

A change to heading 6507 from any other heading.

Chapter 66.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6601 from any other heading, except from a combination of both (a) subheading 6603.20, and (b) headings
3920 through 3921, 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408, 5512 through 5516,
5602 through 5603, 5801 through 5811, 5901 through 5911 or 6001 through 6002.

A change to heading 6602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 67.

1.

(A) A change to heading 6701 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to articles of feather or down of heading 6701 from feathers or down.

2.

A change to headings 6702 through 6704 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 68.

1.

A change to headings 6801 through 6815 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 69.

1.

A change to headings 6901 through 6914 from any other chapter.

Chapter 70.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7001 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.20 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7002.31 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7002.32 through 7002.39 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 7003.12 through 7003.20 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7006.

A change to subheading 7003.30 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

A change to subheading 7004.20 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

A change to subheading 7004.90 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7006.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.318

Chile

10. A change to subheading 7005.10 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7006.

11. A change to subheadings 7005.21 through 7005.29 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

12. A change to subheading 7005.30 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7006.

13. A change to heading 7006 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

14. A change to subheading 7007.11 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

15. A change to subheadings 7007.19 through 7007.29 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

16. A change to heading 7008 from any other heading.

17. A change to subheading 7009.10 from any other subheading.

18. A change to subheadings 7009.91 through 7009.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

19. A change to headings 7010 through 7018 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7018, or glass inners for

vacuum flasks or other vacuum vessels of heading 7020.

20. A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7020.

21. A change to heading 7020 from any other heading.

Chapter 71.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 7101 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7102 through 7103 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7104 through 7105 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7106 through 7111 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7112 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7113 through 7117 from any other heading, except from headings 7113 through 7118.

A change to heading 7118 from any other heading.

Chapter 72.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 7201 through 7205 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7206 through 7207 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to heading 7208 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7209 through 7212 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7216.

A change to heading 7213 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7214 through 7215 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7216.

A change to heading 7216 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7215.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.319

Chile

8.

9.

A change to heading 7217 from any other heading, except from headings 7213 through 7215.

A change to heading 7218 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 7219 from any other heading, except from heading 7220.

11. A change to heading 7220 from any other heading, except from heading 7219.

12. A change to heading 7221 from any other heading, except from heading 7222.

13. A change to heading 7222 from any other heading, except from heading 7221.

14. A change to heading 7223 from any other heading, except from headings 7221 through 7222.

15. A change to heading 7224 from any other heading.

16. A change to heading 7225 from any other heading, except from heading 7226.

17. A change to heading 7226 from any other heading, except from heading 7225.

18. A change to heading 7227 from any other heading, except from heading 7228.

19. A change to heading 7228 from any other heading, except from heading 7227.

20. A change to heading 7229 from any other heading, except from headings 7227 through 7228.

Chapter 73.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 7301 through 7307 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 73.08 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed on angles,
shapes, or sections classified in heading 7216:

(A) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering, or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(B) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(C) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(D) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H- sections or I-sections; provided that the maximum dimension of the

weldments, connectors or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(E) painting, galvanizing, or otherwise coating; or

(F) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching, or cutting,

to create an article suitable as a column.

A change to headings 7309 through 7311 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7312 through 7314 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.11 or 7315.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.11 or 7315.12 from subheading 7315.19, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.320

Chile

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.19 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 7316 from any other heading, except from headings 7312 or 7315.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to headings 7317 through 7318 from any other heading outside that group.

11. A change to headings 7319 through 7320 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

12.

(A) A change to subheadings 7321.11 through 7321.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7321.11 through 7321.89 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

13. A change to subheading 7321.90 from any other heading.

14. A change to heading 7322 from any other heading.

15. A change to heading 7323 from any other heading.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29 from any other heading; or

(B) A change of heading is not required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 7324.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 7325.10 through 7326.20 from any other heading.

19. A change to subheading 7326.90 from any other heading, except from heading 7325.

Chapter 74.

1.

A change to headings 7401 through 7403 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.321

Chile

2. No change in tariff classification for goods of heading 7404, provided the waste and scrap is wholly obtained or produced entirely

in the territory of Chile or of the United States.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 7405 through 7407 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to heading 7408 from any other heading, except from heading 7407.

A change to heading 7409 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7410 from any other heading, except from plate, sheet or strip of heading 7409 having a thickness of less
than 5 mm.

A change to headings 7411 through 7418 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

A change to heading 7419 from any other heading.

Chapter 75.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7501 through 7505 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to heading 7506 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to foil not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness from any other good of heading 7506, provided that there has been a

reduction in thickness of not less than 50 percent.

3.

A change to subheadings 7507.11 through 7508.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group

Chapter 76.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7603 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7604 from any other heading, except from headings 7605 through 7606.

A change to heading 7605 from any other heading, except from heading 7604.

A change to subheading 7606.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.12 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

A change to subheading 7606.91 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 or 7606.

10. A change to heading 7607 from any other heading.

11. A change to heading 7608 from any other heading, except from heading 7609.

12. A change to heading 7609 from any other heading, except from heading 7608.

13. A change to headings 7610 through 7613 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

14. A change to subheading 7614.10 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.322

Chile

15. A change to subheading 7614.90 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7605.

16. A change to headings 7615 from any other heading.

17. A change to subheading 7616.10 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 7616.91 through 7616.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Chapter 78.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 7801 through 7802 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7804 from any other heading.

(A) A change to lead bars, rods, profiles and wire of heading 7806 from any other good of heading 7806 or any other heading;

(B) A change to lead tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 7806 from any other good of heading 7806 or any other

heading; or

(C) A change to any other good of heading 7806 from lead bars, rods, profiles or wire of heading 7806, or from lead tubes, pipes

or tube or pipe fittings of heading 7806 or any other heading.

Chapter 79.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 7901 through 7902 from any other chapter

A change to subheading 7903.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.90 from and other heading.

A change to headings 7904 through 7905 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to zinc tubes, pipes or tube or pipe fittings of heading 7907 from any other good of heading 7907 or any other heading;

or

(B) A change to any other goods of heading 7907 from zinc tubes, pipes or tube or pipe fittings of heading 7907 or any other

heading.

Chapter 80.

1.

2.

4.

A change to headings 8001 through 8002 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 8003 from any other heading.

(A) A change to plates, sheets or strip, of a thickness exceeding 0.2 mm, of heading 8007 from any other good of heading 8007

or any other heading;

(B) A change to tin foil, of a thickness not exceeding 0.2 mm, tin powders or flakes of heading 8007 from any other good of heading

8007, except from plates, sheets or strip, of a thickness exceeding 0.2mm of heading 8007, or any other heading;

(C) A change to tin tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 8007 from any other good of heading 8007 or any other

heading;

(D) A change to any other good of heading 8007 from plates, sheets or strip, of thickness exceeding 0.2 mm, tin foil of thickness

not exceeding 0.2 mm, tin powders or flakes, tin tubes, pipes or tube or pipe fittings of heading 8007 or any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.323

Chile

Chapter 81.

1.

A change to subheadings 8101.10 through 8101.94 from any other chapter.

[2. Rule deleted.]

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8101.96 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8101.95.

A change to subheading 8101.97 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to bars or rods, other than those obtained simply by sintering, profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading

8101.99 from any other good of subheading 8101.99 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8109.99 from bars, rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering), profiles,

plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading 8101.99 or any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8102.10 through 8102.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8102.95 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8102.96 from any other subheading, except subheading 8102.95.

A change to subheading 8102.97 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 8102.99 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8103.20 through 8103.30 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheading 8103.90 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheadings 8104.11 through 8104.20 from any other chapter.

14. A change to subheadings 8104.30 through 8104.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

15. A change to subheadings 8105.20 through 8105.30 from any other chapter.

16. A change to subheading 8105.90 from any other subheading.

17.

(A) A change to heading 8106 from any other chapter, or

(B) A change of chapter is not required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

18. A change to subheadings 8107.20 through 8107.30 from any other chapter.

19. A change to subheading 8107.90 from any other subheading.

20. A change to subheadings 8108.20 through 8108.30 from any other chapter.

21. A change to subheading 8108.90 from any other subheading.

22. A change to subheadings 8109.20 through 8109.30 from any other chapter.

23. A change to subheading 8109.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.324

Chile

24.

(A) A change to heading 8110 from any other chapter, or

(B) A change of chapter is not required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

25.

(A) A change to heading 8111 from any other chapter, or

(B) A change of chapter is not required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

26. A change to subheadings 8112.12 through 8112.13 from any other chapter.

27. A change to subheading 8112.19 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

28.

(A) A change to subheadings 8112.21 through 8112.29 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

29. A change to subheadings 8112.51 through 8112.52 from any other chapter.

30. A change to subheading 8112.59 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8112.99.

31.

(A) A change to unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium waste, scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92

from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium waste,

scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8112.92 from any other chapter.

32.

(A) A change to articles of vanadium or germanium of subheading 8112.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of germanium or vanadium, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.325

Chile

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8112.99 from articles of germanium or vanadium of subheading 8112.99 or from

any other subheading.

33.

(A) A change to heading 8113 from any other chapter, or

(B) A change of chapter is not required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Chapter 82.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 8201 through 8206 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheadings 8207.13 from any other chapter, or

(B) A change to subheading 8207.13 from heading 8209 or subheading 8207.19 provided there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8207.19 through 8207.90 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8208 through 8215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 83.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from subheading 8301.60, whether or not there is also a change from any

other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

2.

(A) A change to subheadings 8301.50 from any other chapter, or

(B) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

3.

4.

5.

A change to subheadings 8301.60 through 8301.70 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8302 through 8304 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.326

Chile

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8305.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8306.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 8306.21 through 8306.30 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8307 from any other heading.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

11. A change to subheading 8308.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to headings 8309 through 8310 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 8311.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 84.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to subheading 8401.40 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.11 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.327

Chile

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.19 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8402.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8403.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8403.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 8404.10 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8425.11 through 8425.19 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

11A. (A) A change to pit-head winding gear or winches specially designed for use underground of subheading 8425.31 from any other
good of subheading 8425.31 or from any other subheading, except from pit-head winding gear or winches specially designed
for use underground of subheading 8425.39; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8425.31 from pit-head winding gear or winches specially designed for use underground

of subheading 8425.31 or from any other subheading.

11B. (A) A change to pit-head winding gear or winches specially designed for use underground of subheading 8425.39 from any other
good of subheading 8425.39 or from any other subheading, except from pit-head winding gear or winches specially designed
for use underground of subheading 8425.31; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8425.39 from pit-head winding gear or winches specially designed for use underground

of subheading 8425.39 or from any other subheading.

11C. A change to subheadings 8425.41 through 8428.60 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

11D. (A) A change to mine wagon pushers, locomotive or wagon traversers, wagon tippers or similar railway wagon handling equipment

from any other good of subheading 8428.90 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8428.90 or from mine wagon pushers, locomotive or wagon traversers, wagon

tippers or similar railway wagon handling equipment of subheading 8428.90 or from any other subheading.

11E. A change to subheadings 8429.11 through 8429.59 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

12. A change to subheading 8404.90 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheading 8405.10 from any other subheading.

14. A change to subheading 8405.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.328

Chile

15. A change to subheading 8406.10 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheadings 8406.81 through 8406.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

17. A change to subheading 8406.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 8407.10 through 8407.32 from any other heading.

19. A change to subheading 8407.33 through 8407.34 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

20. A change to subheading 8407.90 from any other heading.

21. A change to heading 8408 from any other heading.

22. A change to subheading 8409.10 from any other heading.

23.

(A) A change to subheadings 8409.91 or 8409.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheadings 8409.91 or 8409.99, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method.

24. A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

25. A change to subheading 8410.90 from any other heading.

26. A change to subheadings 8411.11 through 8411.82 from any other subheading, except from any subheading within that group.

27. A change to subheadings 8411.91 through 8411.99 from any other heading.

28. A change to subheadings 8412.10 through 8412.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

29. A change to subheading 8412.90 from any other heading.

30. A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

31. A change to subheadings 8413.91 through 8413.92 from any other heading.

32. A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

33. A change to subheading 8414.90 from any other heading.

34. A change to subheadings 8415.10 through 8415.83 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[Rules 35 through 37 deleted.]

38. A change to subheading 8415.90 from any other heading.

39. A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8416.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

40. A change to subheading 8416.90 from any other heading.

41. A change to subheadings 8417.10 through 8417.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.329

Chile

42. A change to subheading 8417.90 from any other heading.

43.

(A) A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.91from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.91from subheading 8418.99, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

44. A change to subheading 8418.99 from any other heading.

45. A change to subheading 8419.11 from any other subheading.

45A. (A) A change to subheading 8419.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8419.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

45B. A change to subheadings 8419.20 through 8419.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

46. A change to subheading 8419.90 from any other heading.

47. A change to subheading 8420.10 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheadings 8420.91 through 8420.99 from any other heading.

49. A change to subheadings 8421.11 through 8421.39 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheading 8421.91from any other heading.

51.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8421.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

52. A change to subheadings 8422.11 through 8422.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

53. A change to subheading 8422.90 from any other heading.

54. A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

55. A change to subheading 8423.90 from any other heading.

56. A change to subheadings 8424.10 through 8430.69 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[Rules 57 through 60 deleted.]

61. A change to any other good of subheading 8430.69 from “scrapers” of subheading 8430.69 or from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.330

Chile

62. A change to heading 8431 from any other heading.

63. A change to subheadings 8432.10 through 8432.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

64. A change to subheading 8432.90 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 8433.11 through 8433.60 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

66. A change to subheading 8433.90 from any other heading.

67. A change to subheadings 8434.10 through 8435.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[Rules 68 through 71 deleted.]

72. A change to subheadings 8436.10 through 8436.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

73. A change to subheading 8436.91 from any other heading.

74. A change to subheading 8436.99 from any other heading.

75. A change to subheading 8437.10 from any other subheading.

76. A change to subheading 8437.80 from any other subheading.

77. A change to subheading 8437.90 from any other heading.

78. A change to subheadings 8438.10 through 8438.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

79. A change to subheading 8438.90 from any other heading.

80. A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8440.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[Rules 81 through 84 deleted.]

85. A change to subheadings 8441.10 through 8441.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

86. A change to subheading 8441.90 from any other heading.

87. A change to subheading 8442.30 from any other subheading.

88. A change to subheading 8442.40 from any other heading.

89. A change to subheading 8442.50 from any other heading.

90.

(A) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from machines for

uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.19 from machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91 provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

90A. A change to subheading 8443.31 from any other subheading.

90B. A change to subheading 8443.32 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.331

Chile

90C. A change to subheading 8443.39 from any other subheading.

90D. (A) A change to machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91 from any other good of subheading 8443.91 or

from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8443.91 from any other heading.

90E. A change to subheading 8443.99 from any other heading.

[91. Rule deleted.]

[92. Rule deleted.]

93. A change to heading 8444 from any other heading.

94. A change to headings 8445 through 8447 from any other heading, except from any heading within that group.

95. A change to subheading 8448.11 from any other subheading.

96. A change to subheading 8448.19 from any other subheading.

97. A change to subheadings 8448.20 through 8448.59 from any other heading.

98. A change to heading 8449 from any other heading.

99. A change to subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

100. A change to subheading 8450.90 from any other heading.

101. A change to subheadings 8451.10 through 8451.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

102. A change to subheading 8451.90 from any other heading.

103. A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.29 from any other subheading, except from any subheading within that group.

104. A change to subheading 8452.30 from any other subheading.

[105.Rule deleted.]

106. A change to subheading 8452.90 from any other heading.

107. A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

108. A change to subheading 8453.90 from any other heading.

109. A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

110. A change to subheading 8454.90 from any other heading.

111. A change to subheadings 8455.10 through 8455.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[Rule 112 deleted.]

113. A change to headings 8456 through 8463 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than 65 percent based on the build-down method.

114. A change to headings 8464 through 8465 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.332

Chile

115. A change to heading 8466 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

116. A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

117. A change to subheadings 8467.91 from any other heading,

118. A change to subheadings 8467.92 through 8467.99 from any other heading, except from heading 8407.

119. A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

120. A change to subheading 8468.90 from any other heading.

121. A change to heading 8469 from any other heading.

[122.Rule deleted.]

[123.Rule deleted.]

[124.Rule deleted.]

125. A change to subheadings 8470.10 through 8471.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

126. A change to subheadings 8472.10 through 8472.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

127. (A) A change to subheadings 8473.10 through 8473.50 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used

128. A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from any other subheading, except from any subheading within that group.

129. (A) A change to subheading 8474.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8474.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

130. A change to subheading 8475.10 from any other subheading.

131. A change to subheadings 8475.21 through 8475.29 from any other subheading, except from any subheading within that group.

132. A change to subheading 8475.90 from any other heading.

133. A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from any other subheading, except from any subheading within that group.

134. A change to subheading 8476.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.333

Chile

135. A change to heading 8477 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

136. A change to subheading 8478.10 from any other subheading.

137. A change to subheading 8478.90 from any other heading.

138. A change to subheadings 8479.10 through 8479.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

139. A change to subheading 8479.90 from any other heading.

140. A change to heading 8480 from any other heading.

141. (A) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from subheading 8481.90, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

142. A change to subheading 8481.90 from any other heading.

143. (A) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from any subheading, except from any subheading within that group and

from inner or outer rings or races of subheading 8482.99, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from inner or outer rings or races of subheading 8482.99, whether or not
there is also a change from any subheading outside that group, provided there is a regional value content of 40 percent based
on the build-up method.

144. A change to subheading 8482.91 from any other heading.

145. A change to subheading 8482.99 from any other heading.

146. A change to subheading 8483.10 from any other subheading.

147. A change to subheading 8483.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80.

148. (A) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.30 from another subheading, provided there is a regional value content of 40 percent based on

the build-up method.

149. (A) A change to subheading 8483.40 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10

through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.40 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60
or 8483.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of 40
percent based on the build-up method.

150. (A) A change to subheading 8483.50 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10

through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.334

Chile

(B) A change to subheading 8483.50 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60
or 8483.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of 40
percent based on the build-up method.

151. A change to subheading 8483.60 from any other subheading.

152. A change to subheading 8483.90 from any other heading.

153. A change to subheadings 8484.10 through 8484.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[154.Rule deleted.]

155. (A) A change to subheadings 8486.10 through 8486.40 from any other subheading outside that group; or

(B) No change in tariff classification required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

156. (A) A change to subheading 8486.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change of tariff classification required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

157. A change to heading 8487 from any other heading.

Chapter 85.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 8501.10 from any other heading, except from stators and rotors for the goods of heading 8501 in

subheading 8503.00, or

(B) A change to subheading 8501.10 from stators and rotors for the goods of heading 8501 in subheading 8503.00, provided there

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8501.20 through 8501.64 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8502 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8503 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.23 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

(A) A change to subheading 8504.31 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8504.31 from subheading 8504.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.335

Chile

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 8504.32 through 8504.50 from any subheading except from subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

10. A change to subheading 8505.90 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheadings 8506.10 through 8506.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

12. A change to subheadings 8506.50 through 8506.80 from any other subheading, except from subheadings within that group.

13.

(A) A change to electro magnetic lifting heads of subheading 8505.90 from any other subheading, or from any other good of

subheading 8505.90; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8505.90 from any other heading.

14.

(A) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

15. A change to subheadings 8507.20 through 8507.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

16. A change to subheading 8507.90 from any other heading.

16A. (A) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

16B. A change to subheading 8508.70 from any other heading.

17.

(A) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other subheading, provided there is also a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

18. A change to subheading 8509.90 from any other heading.

19. A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

20. A change to subheading 8510.90 from any other heading.

21. A change to subheadings 8511.10 through 8511.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.336

Chile

22. A change to subheading 8511.90 from any other heading.

23. A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.30 from any other subheading, except from any subheading within that group.

24.

(A) A change to subheading 8512.40 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8512.40 from subheading 8512.90, provided there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

25. A change to subheading 8512.90 from any other heading.

26.

(A) A change to subheading 8513.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8513.10 from subheading 8513.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

27. A change to subheading 8513.90 from any other heading.

28. A change to subheadings 8514.10 through 8514.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

29. A change to subheading 8514.90 from any other heading.

30. A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

31. A change to subheading 8515.90 from any other heading.

32. A change to subheadings 8516.10 through 8516.71 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

33.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.72 from any other subheading, except from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90 or

from subheading 9032.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.72 from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90 or from subheading 9032.10, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

34. A change to subheading 8516.79 from any other subheading.

35.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.80 from subheading 8516.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

36.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8516.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.337

Chile

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

37. A change to subheadings 8517.11 through 8517.69 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

37A. A change to subheading 8517.70 from any other heading.

38. A change to subheading 8517.90 from any other subheading.

39.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.10 or 8518.21 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.10 or 8518.21 from subheading 8518.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

40.

(A) A change to subheading 8518.22 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8518.22 from subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.90, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

41.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from subheading 8518.90, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

42. A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other heading.

43. A change to subheadings 8519.20 through 8519.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[Rules 44 through 53 and 55-56 deleted.]

54. A change to heading 8522 from any other heading.

54A. (A) A change to heading 8523 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to recorded media of heading 8523 from unrecorded media of heading 8523.

57. A change to subheading 8525.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8525.60.

57A. A change to subheading 8525.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8525.50.

57B. A change to subheading 8525.80 from any other subheading.

57C. A change to subheadings 8526.10 through 8526.92 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.338

Chile

57D. A change to subheadings 8527.12 through 8527.99 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[Rules 58-60 deleted.]

61. A change to subheading 8528.41 from any other subheading.

62.

(A) A change to color video monitors of subheading 8528.49 from any other good of subheading 8528.49 or from any other

subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8528.49 from any other subheading.

62A. A change to subheading 8528.51 from any other subheading.

62B. A change to subheading 8528.59 from any other subheading.

62C. A change to subheading 8528.61 from any other subheading.

62D. A change to subheading 8528.69 from any other subheading.

62E. A change to subheading 8528.71 from any other subheading.

62F. A change to subheading 8528.72 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8528.73, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

62G.A change to subheading 8528.73 from any other subheading.

63. A change to heading 8529 from any other heading.

64. A change to subheading 8530.10 from any other subheading.

65. A change to subheading 8530.80 from any other subheading.

66. A change to subheading 8530.90 from any other heading.

67. A change to subheading 8531.10 from any other subheading. 1/

68. A change to subheading 8531.80 from any other subheading.

69. A change to subheading 8531.90 from any other heading.

70. A change to subheadings 8532.10 through 8532.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

71. A change to subheading 8532.90 from any other heading.

72. A change to subheadings 8533.10 through 8533.40 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

73. A change to subheading 8533.90 from any other heading.

74. A change to heading 8534 from any other heading.

75. A change to subheadings 8535.10 through 8536.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

76. A change to heading 8537 from any other heading.

77. A change to heading 8538 from any other heading.

1/ Official text of Agreement has the following: "A change to subheading[s]31.10 through 8531.80 from any other subheading, including another
subheading within that group."

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.339

Chile

78. A change to subheadings 8539.10 through 8539.49 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[Rules 79 through 86 deleted.]

87. A change to subheading 8539.90 from any other heading.

88. A change to subheading 8540.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20 or 8540.91.

89. A change to subheading 8540.12 from any other subheading.

90.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.20 from subheadings 8540.91 through 8540.99, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

91. A change to subheadings 8540.40 through 8540.60 from any other subheading, except from any subheading within that group.

92. A change to subheadings 8540.71 through 8540.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

93. A change to subheading 8540.91from any other heading.

94.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.99 from any other subheading, or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8540.99, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

[95. Rule deleted. Official text of Agreement has the following: "A change to subheading[s] 8541.10 through 8542.90 from any

other subheading, including another subheading within that group.]

96. A change to subheading 8543.10 from any other subheading except from ion implanters for doping semiconductor materials of

subheading 8486.20.

97. A change to subheading 8543.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8543.11.

98. A change to subheading 8543.20 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8543.30 from any other subheading.

100. A change to subheading 8543.70 from any other subheading.

[101.Rule deleted.]

102. A change to subheading 8543.90 from any other heading.

103. A change to subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.19 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.340

Chile

104. (A) A change to subheading 8544.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 or headings

7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.20 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, provided there is also a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

105. A change to subheadings 8544.30 through 8544.42 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

105A.A change to electric conductors, for a voltage not exceeding 80V, not fitted with connectors of subheading 8544.49 from any other
good of subheading 8544.49 or from any other subheading, provided there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

105B.(A) A change to any other good of subheading 8544.49 from electric conductors, for a voltage not exceeding 80V, not fitted with
connectors of subheading 8544.49 or from any other subheading outside subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60, except from
headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.49 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, whether or not there is also a change from any

other subheading, provided there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

106. (A) A change to subheading 8544.59 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 or heading

7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.59 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

107. A change to subheading 8544.60 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

108. A change to subheading 8544.70 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.341

Chile

109. A change to subheadings 8545.11 through 8545.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

110. A change to heading 8546 from any other heading.

111. A change to subheadings 8547.10 through 8547.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

112. A change to subheading 8548.10 from any other heading.

113. A change to electronic microassemblies of subheading 8548.90 from any other good of subheading 8548.90 or from any other

subheading.

114. A change to any other good of subheading 8548.90 from electronic microassemblies of subheading 8548.90 or from any other

heading.

Chapter 86

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 8601 through 8602 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

(A) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, except from

heading 8607; or

(B) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from any subheading outside that group, and except from subheading 8607.19
when that change is pursuant to general rule of interpretation 2(a).

A change to axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles of subheading 8607.19 and a change to wheels, whether or not fitted
with axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles or parts of wheels of subheading 8607.19.

A change to subheadings 8607.21 through 8607.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8608 through 8609 from any other heading.

Chapter 87.

1.

A change to headings 8701 through 8705 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

A change to heading 8706 from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

3.

(A) A change to heading 8707 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 8707 from heading 8708, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.342

Chile

(2) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.21 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.21 from subheading 8708.99, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8708.29 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

6.

(A) A change to subheadings 8708.30 through 8708.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

50 percent when the build-down method is used.

[Rules 7-11 deleted.]

12.

(A) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

13. A change to subheading 8709.90 from any other heading.

14. A change to heading 8710 from any other heading.

15.

(A) A change to heading 8711 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8711 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

16.

(A) A change to heading 8712 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.343

Chile

(B) A change to heading 8712 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

17. A change to heading 8713 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

18. A change to headings 8714 through 8715 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

19.

(A) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

20. A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 88

1.

(A) A change to gliders and hang gliders of heading 8801 from any other good of heading 8801 or any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 8801 from gliders and hang gliders of heading 8801 or any other heading.

1A. A change to subheadings 8801.00 through 8803.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

2.

A change to headings 8804 through 8805 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 89

1.

(A) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to heading 8903 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

(B) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.344

Chile

4.

A change to headings 8906 through 8908 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 90

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other chapter, except from heading 7002; or

(B) A change to subheading 9001.10 from heading 7002, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 9001.20 through 9001.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9002.11 through 9002.90 from any other heading, except from heading 9001.

(A) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9003.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from subheading 9003.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9003.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any heading within chapter 90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9004.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 9001.40 or 9001.50.

A change to subheading 9005.10 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 9005.80 from any other subheading, except from headings 9001 through 9002 or subheading 9005.90;

or

(B) A change to subheading 9005.80 from subheading 9005.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

10. A change to subheading 9005.90 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.30 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.345

Chile

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

12.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.40 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.51 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.51 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

14.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.52 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.52 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

15.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.53 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.53 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

16.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.59 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.59 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

17.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.61 through 9006.69 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.61 through 9006.69 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

18. A change to subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.346

Chile

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

19.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.10 through 9007.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9007.10 through 9007.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

20. A change to subheadings 9007.91 through 9007.92 from any other heading.

[21. Rule deleted.]

22.

(A) A change to subheading 9008.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9008.50 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent based on the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent based on the build-down method.

23. A change to subheading 9008.90 from any other heading.

[Rules 24-27 deleted.]

28.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9010.10 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

29.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9010.50 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

30.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.60 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 9010.60 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

31. A change to subheading 9010.90 from any other heading.

32.

(A) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.347

Chile

(B) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9001.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

33. A change to subheading 9011.90 from any other heading.

34.

(A) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

35. A change to subheading 9012.90 from any other heading.

36.

(A) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

37. A change to subheading 9013.90 from any other heading.

38.

(A) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

39. A change to subheading 9014.90 from any other heading.

40.

(A) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

41. A change to subheading 9015.90 from any other heading.

42. A change to heading 9016 from any other heading.

43.

(A) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9017.80 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.348

Chile

(B) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9017.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

44. A change to subheading 9017.90 from any other heading.

45. A change to headings 9018 through 9021 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

46.

(A) A change to subheadings 9022.12 through 9022.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9022.12 through 9022.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

47. A change to subheading 9022.90 from any other heading.

48. A change to heading 9023 from any other heading.

49.

(A) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

50. A change to subheading 9024.90 from any other heading.

51.

(A) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

52. A change to subheading 9025.90 from any other heading.

53.

(A) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

54. A change to subheading 9026.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.349

Chile

55.

(A) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.50 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

55A. (A) A change to subheading 9027.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to exposure meters of subheading 9027.80 from any other good of subheading 9027.80 or from any other subheading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 9027.80 from exposure meters of subheading 9027.80 or from any other subheading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

56. A change to subheading 9027.90 from any other heading.

57.

(A) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

58. A change to subheading 9028.90 from any other heading.

59.

(A) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

60. A change to subheading 9029.90 from any other heading.

61. A change to subheadings 9030.10 through 9030.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

[Rules 61A through 61H deleted.]

62. A change to subheading 9030.90 from any other heading.

63.

(A) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.41 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.350

Chile

(B) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.41 from any other subheading, including another heading within that group,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

63A. (A) A change to subheading 9031.49 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to profile projectors of subheading 9031.49 from any other good of subheading 9031.49 or from any other subheading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(i)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

63B. A change to any other good of subheading 9031.49 from profile projectors of subheading 9031.49 or from any other subheading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

63C. (A) A change to subheading 9031.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9031.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

64. A change to subheading 9031.90 from any other heading.

65.

(A) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

66. A change to subheading 9032.90 from any other heading.

67. A change to heading 9033 from any other heading.

Chapter 91.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.11 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.11 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.12 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.351

Chile

(B) A change to subheading 9101.12 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

3.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.19 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other chapter; or.

(B) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.29 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.99 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

8.

(A) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

9.

(A) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.352

Chile

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

12.

(A) A change to subheading 9112.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9112.20 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

14.

(A) A change to heading 9113 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 9113 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

15. A change to heading 9114 from any other heading.

Chapter 92

1.

(A) A change to heading 9201 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 9201 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.353

Chile

2.

(A) A change to headings 9202 through 9208 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9202 through 9208 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

3.

A change to heading 9209 from any other heading.

Chapter 93

1.

(A) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other heading, including another heading within that group, provided there

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

3.

A change to heading 9305 from any other heading.

A change to headings 9306 through 9307 from any other chapter.

Chapter 94

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

2.

3.

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9401.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9402.10 through 9402.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group,
provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 9403.10 through 9403.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9403.10 through 9403.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9403.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9404.10 through 9404.21 from any other chapter.

5.

6.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.354

Chile

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 9404.29 through 9404.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

(A) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99, whether or not there is also

a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

10. A change to subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99 from any other heading.

11. A change to heading 9406 from any other heading.

Chapter 95

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 9501 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 9502.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9502.10 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 9502.91 through 9502.99 from any other heading.

(A) A change to dolls, whether or not dressed, of heading 9503 from dolls’ parts and accessories of heading 9503, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method, or

(B) A change to dolls, whether or not dressed, of heading 9503 from any other good of heading 9503 or from any other heading;

4A.

(A) A change to dolls’ parts and accessories of heading 9503 from any other good of heading 9503, except from dolls whether or

not dressed, or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 9503 from any other chapter.

4B. A change to headings 9504 through 9508 from any other chapter.

Chapter 96

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 9601 through 9605 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9606.10 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 9606.21 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9606.21 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.355

Chile

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9606.22 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 9606.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9606.29 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9606.30 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from any other chapter, or

(B) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from subheading 9607.20, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9607.20 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.50 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, provided there is a regional

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

10. A change to subheading 9608.60 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheading 9608.91 from any other subheading.

12. A change to subheading 9608.99 from any other heading.

13. A change to heading 9609 from any other chapter.

14. A change to headings 9610 through 9611 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

15. A change to subheading 9612.10 from any other chapter.

16. A change to subheading 9612.20 from any other heading.

17.

(A) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from any other chapter, or

(B) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from subheading 9613.90, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.356

Morocco

18. A change to subheading 9613.90 from any other heading.

19. A change to heading 9614 from any other heading.

[20. Rule deleted.]

21.

(A) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from subheading 9615.90, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(2) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

22. A change to subheading 9615.90 from any other heading.

23. A change to heading 9616 from any other heading.

24. A change to heading 9617 from any other chapter.

25. A change to heading 9618 from any other heading.

Heading Rule: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of this heading of materials other than of textile wadding, the rule
applicable to that good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must
satisfy the tariff change requirements set out in the rule for that good.

26.

(A) A change to sanitary towels (pads) and tampons and similar articles of textile wadding of heading 9619 from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through
55; or

(B) A change to a good of textile materials other than of wadding, knitted or crocheted, of heading 9619 from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, or
headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both; or

(C) A change to a good of textile materials other than of wadding, not knitted or crocheted, of heading 9619 from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, or heading
5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Chile or of the United States, or both; or

(D) A change to any other good of heading 9619 from any other heading.

Chapter 97

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 9701.10 through 9701.90 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that group.

A change to headings 9702 through 9706 from any other heading, including another subheading within that group.

27 United States-Morocco Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the United States-Morocco Free Trade Agreement (UMFTA) are subject to duty as provided
for herein. For the purposes of this note, goods of Morocco, as defined in subdivisions (b) through (h) of this note, that are imported
into the customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special”
subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol “MA” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment and quantitative limitations
set forth in the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 201 through 203, inclusive, of the United States-Morocco Free
Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Pub. L. 108-302; 118 Stat. 1103). For the purposes of this note, the term “UMFTA country”
refers only to Morocco or to the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.357

Morocco

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (e), (g) and (h) thereof, a good imported into the

United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good of a UMFTA country under the terms of this note only if --

(i)

the good is a good wholly the growth, product or manufacture of Morocco, the United States, or both;

(ii)

the good is a new or different article of commerce that has been grown, produced or manufactured in the territory of Morocco
or of the United States, or both, and that falls in a heading or subheading of the tariff schedule that is not covered by the
product-specific rules of subdivision (h) of this note; and the sum of--

(A)

the value of each material produced in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both, and

(B)

the direct costs of processing operations performed in the territory of Morocco or the United States, or both,

is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of the good at the time the good is entered into the territory of the United
States; or

(iii)

the good falls in a heading or subheading covered by a product-specific rule in subdivision (h) of this note and--

(A)

(1) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff

classification specified in subdivision (h) of this note; or

(2)

the good otherwise satisfies the requirements specified in subdivision (h) of this note; and

(B)

the good meets any other requirements specified in this note;

and is imported directly into the territory of the United States from the territory of Morocco. For purposes of this note, the term “good”
means any merchandise, product, article or material.

(c) Value of materials.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (c)(ii) of this note, the value of a material produced in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both, includes the following:

(A)

the price actually paid or payable for the material by the producer of such good;

(B)

the freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the producer’s plant, if such
costs are not included in the price referred to in subdivision (c)(i)(A) above;

(C)

the cost of waste or spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the growth, production or manufacture of the good,
less the value of recoverable scrap; and

(D)

taxes or customs duties imposed on the material by Morocco, the United States, or both, if the taxes or customs duties
are not remitted upon exportation from the territory of Morocco or of the United States, as the case may be.

(ii)

If the relationship between the producer of a good and the seller of a material influenced the price actually paid or payable for
the material, or if there is no price actually paid or payable by the producer for the material, the value of the material produced
in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both, includes the following:

(A) all expenses incurred in the growth, production or manufacture of the material, including general expenses;

(B) a reasonable amount for profit; and

(C)

freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the producer’s plant.

(d)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, except as otherwise provided in subdivision (e) of this note for textile and apparel
articles, the expression “good wholly the growth, product or manufacture of Morocco, the United States, or both” means–

(A) a mineral good extracted from the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.358

Morocco

(B) a vegetable good, as such goods are provided for in the tariff schedule, harvested in the territory of Morocco or of the

United States, or both;

(C) a live animal born and raised in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both;

(D) a good obtained from live animals raised in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both;

(E) a good obtained from hunting, trapping or fishing conducted in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both;

(F) a good (fish, shellfish and other marine life) taken from the sea by vessels registered or recorded with Morocco or the

United States and flying the flag of that country;

(G) a good produced exclusively from products referred to in subdivision (F) on board factory ships registered or recorded

with Morocco or the United States and flying the flag of that country;

(H) a good taken by Morocco or the United States, or a person of Morocco or the United States, from the seabed or beneath

the seabed outside territorial waters, if Morocco or the United States has rights to exploit such seabed;

(I)

a good taken from outer space, if such good is obtained by Morocco or the United States, or a person of Morocco or the
United States, and is not processed in the territory of a country other than Morocco or the United States;

(J) waste and scrap derived from–

(1) production in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both; or

(2) used goods collected in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both, if such goods are fit only for the

recovery of raw materials;

(K) a recovered good derived in the territory of Morocco or of the United States from goods that have passed their life
expectancy, or are no longer usable due to defects, and utilized in the territory of that country in the production of
remanufactured goods; or

(L) a good produced in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both, exclusively from--

(1) goods referred to in subdivisions (A) through (J) above, inclusive, or

(2)

the derivatives of goods referred to in such subdivisions,

at any stage of production.

(ii) Cumulation.

(A) An originating good or a material produced in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both, that is incorporated
into a good in the territory of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of the other country.

(B) A good that is grown, produced or manufactured in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both, by one or

more producers, is an originating good if the good satisfies all applicable requirements of this note.

(iii) Packaging and packing materials and containers for retail sale and shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether a

good qualifies as an originating good, except to the extent that the value of such packaging and packing materials and containers
have been included in meeting the requirements set forth in subdivision (b)(ii) of this note.

(iv) Definitions. For the purposes of this note:

(A) The term “direct costs of processing operations,” with respect to a good, includes, to the extent they are includable in the
appraised value of the good when imported into Morocco or the United States, as the case may be, the following:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.359

Morocco

(1) all actual labor costs involved in the growth, production or manufacture of the good, including fringe benefits, on-the-job

training and the costs of engineering, supervisory, quality control and similar personnel;

(2)

tools, dies, molds and other indirect materials, and depreciation on machinery and equipment that are allocable to
the good;

(3)

research, development, design, engineering and blueprint costs, to the extent that they are allocable to the good;

(4)

costs of inspecting and testing the good; and

(5)

costs of packaging the good for export to the territory of the other country.

The term “direct costs of processing operations” does not include costs that are not directly attributable to a good or are
not costs of growth, production or manufacture of the good, such as profit and such as general expenses of doing business
that are either not allocable to the good or are not related to the growth, production or manufacture of the good, such as
administrative salaries, casualty and liability insurance, advertising and sales staff salaries, commission or expenses.

(B) The term “material” means a good, including a part or ingredient, that is used in the growth, production or manufacture

of another good that is a new or different article of commerce that has been grown, produced or manufactured in Morocco,
the United States or both; and

(C) The term “material produced in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both” means a good that is either wholly
the growth, product or manufacture of Morocco, the United States, or both, or a new or different article of commerce that
has been grown, produced or manufactured in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

(D) The term “new or different article of commerce” means, except as provided in this subdivision, a good that--

(1) has been substantially transformed from a good or material that is not wholly the growth, product or manufacture of

Morocco, the United States, or both; and

(2) has a new name, character or use distinct from the good or material from which it was transformed,

but a good shall not be considered a new or different article of commerce by virtue of having undergone simple combining
or packaging operations, or mere dilution with water or another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics
of the good.

(E) The term “simple combining or packaging operations” means operations such as adding batteries to electronic devices,
fitting together a small number of components by bolting, gluing or soldering, or packing or repacking components together.

(F) The term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that result from--

(1)

the complete disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(2)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing of those parts that is necessary for improvement to sound
working condition.

(G) The term “remanufactured good” means an industrial good assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United State

and that--

(1)

is entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods;

(2) has a similar life expectancy to, and meets the same performance standards as, a like good that is new; and

(3) enjoys a factory warranty similar to that of a like good that is new.

(H) The term “substantially transformed” means, with respect to a good or a material, changed as the result of a manufacturing

or processing operation so that--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.360

Morocco

(1)

(aa) the good or material is converted from a good that has multiple uses into a good or material that has limited

uses;

(bb) the physical properties of the good or material are changed to a significant extent; or

(cc) the operation undergone by the good or material is complex by reason of the number of processes and materials

involved and the time and level of skill required to perform those processes; and

(2)

the good or material loses its separate identity in the manufacturing or processing operation.

(v) A good shall not be considered to be imported directly into the territory of the United States if, after exportation from the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, the good undergoes production, manufacturing or any other operation outside the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, other than unloading, reloading or any other operation necessary to preserve the good in
good condition or to transport the good to the territory of Morocco or of the United States.

(e) Textile and apparel articles.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (ii) below, a textile or apparel good that is not an originating good under the terms of this
note, because certain fibers or yarns used in the production of the component of the good that determines the tariff classification
of the good do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (h) of this note, shall be considered
to be an originating good if the total weight of all such fibers or yarns in that component is not more than seven percent of the
total weight of that component. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a textile or apparel good containing elastomeric yarns
in the component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good shall be considered to be an originating good
only if such yarns are wholly formed in the territory of Morocco or of the United States.

(ii) Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (h) of this note, textile and apparel goods classifiable as goods put up in sets
for retail sale as provided for in general rule of interpretation 3 to the tariff schedule shall not be considered to be originating
goods unless each of the goods in the set is an originating good or the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does
not exceed ten percent of the value of the set determined for purposes of assessing customs duties.

(iii) For purposes of this note, in the case of a textile or apparel good that is a yarn, fabric or group of fibers, the term “component

of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good” means all of the fibers in the yarn, fabric or group of fibers.

(f)

Indirect materials.

Indirect materials shall be disregarded in determining whether a good qualifies as an originating good, except that the cost of such
indirect materials may be included in meeting the requirements of subdivision (b)(ii) of this note. An “indirect material” means a
good used in the growth, production, manufacture, testing or inspection of a good but not physically incorporated into the good, or
a good used in the maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated with the growth, production or manufacture
of a good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in the growth, production or manufacture of a good or
used to operate equipment and buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the good;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other goods that are not incorporated into the good but the use of which in the growth, production or manufacture of the

good can reasonably be demonstrated to be a part of that growth, production or manufacture.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.361

Morocco

(g)

Interpretation of rules of origin.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (h) of this note, a good is an originating good if--

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification

specified in such subdivision (h) as a result of production occurring entirely in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both, or the good otherwise satisfies the applicable requirements of such subdivision where a change in tariff
classification is not specified; and

(B)

the good satisfies any other applicable requirements of this note.

(ii) For purposes of interpreting the rules of origin set forth in subdivision (h) of this note--

(A)

the specific rule, or specific set of rules, that applies to a particular heading or subheading is set out immediately adjacent
to the heading or subheading;

(B) a rule applicable to a subheading shall take precedence over a rule applicable to the heading which is parent to that

subheading;

(C) a requirement of a change in tariff classification applies only to nonoriginating materials;

(D) a reference to a “chapter” is to a chapter of the tariff schedule; a reference to a “heading” is to a provision whose article

description is not indented and which is designated by 4 digits, whether or not followed by subsequent zeroes; and a
reference to a “subheading” is to a provision whose article description is indented and which is designated by 6 digits,
whether or not followed by subsequent zeroes; and

(E)

for purposes of textile and apparel goods, a good is considered to be “wholly” of a material if the good is entirely made
of the named material.

(h) Product-specific rules of origin.

(i) With respect to goods not described in subdivision (b)(i) of this note, when such goods fall in the enumerated provisions set
forth herein and the importer claims the treatment provided under this note with respect to such goods, the rules in this
subdivision apply in lieu of the provisions of subdivision (b)(ii) of this note.

(ii) Certain dairy and dairy-containing products.

A good containing over 10 percent by weight of cow’s milk solids that is classified in chapter 4 or heading 1901, 2105, 2106
or 2202 must be made from originating cow’s milk, but the use of nonoriginating sheep’s or goat’s milk in a good classified in
chapter 4 or heading 1901, 2105, 2106 or 2202 shall not render the good nonoriginating.

(iii) Products provided for in section II of the tariff schedule. [NOT UPDATED FOR PRES.PROC. 8097 or 8771]

Section rule: An agricultural or horticultural good grown in the territory of Morocco or of the United States shall be treated as an
originating good even if grown from a nonoriginating seed, bulb, rootstock, cutting, slip, graft, shoot, bud or other live part of a plant.

Chapter 6.

1.

A change to headings 0602 through 0603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7.

1.

A change to headings 0710 through 0713 from any other chapter.

Chapter 8.

1.

A change to headings 0811 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.362

Morocco

Chapter 9.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 0901.21 through 0901.22 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 0902.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 0904.20 from any other chapter, except from chapter 7.

A change to subheading 0910.20 from any other chapter.

Chapter 12.

1.

A change to a good of subheading 1212.10 from any other subheading or from carob or seed of carob of subheading 1212.10.

Chapter 13.

1.

A change to goods of subheading 1302.32 from any other subheading or from mucilage, not modified, of subheading 1302.32.

(iv) Other goods.

Chapter 20.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 2001 from any other chapter, except from chapters 7 or 8.

A change to headings 2002 through 2005 from any other heading, except from chapter 7.

A change to headings 2006 through 2007 from any other chapter, except from chapters 7 or 8.

A change to heading 2008 from any other chapter, except from chapter 8.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

A change to subheadings 2009.41 through 2009.80 from any other chapter or from concentrated juice of grapes, apples, pears,
bananas, guavas, mangoes or carrots of heading 2009.

(A) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, whether or not there is also a change

from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a single country other than Morocco
or the United States, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

Chapter 21.

1.

A change to concentrated juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90 from
any other chapter or from juice of grapes, apples, pears, bananas, guavas, mangoes and carrots of heading 2009, except
from heading 0805, subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 or subheading 2002.90.

Chapter 22.

1.

A change to subheadings 2204.10 through 2204.30 from any other chapter.

Chapter 39.

1.

A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading outside that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.363

Morocco

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheading 4202.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheading 4202.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheading 4202.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheading 4202.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5405 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5309 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to headings 5310 through 5311 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

Chapter 54.

1.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from heading 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through
5507.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.364

Morocco

2.

3.

4.

A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other
chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509
through 5510.

A change to heading 5408 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509
through 5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5501 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through
5405.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5308 or 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

A change to headings 5801 through 5811from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5306
through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408, or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212 or 5310
through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

A change to headings 6001 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52,
headings 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.365

Morocco

Chapter 61.

Chapter Rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets,
skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through
6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter Rule 2: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of chapter 61 of the tariff schedule, the rule applicable to that
good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good, and such component must satisfy the
tariff change requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change
requirements for visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining
fabric in the main body of the garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable
linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.10 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6103.11 through 6103.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.366

Morocco

6.

A change to tariff items 6103.19.60 or 6103.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

7.

A change to subheading 6103.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

8.

A change to subheadings 6103.21 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

9.

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

10. A change to tariff items 6103.39.40 or 6103.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

11. A change to subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

12. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

13. A change to subheadings 6104.11 through 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.367

Morocco

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

14. A change in tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

15. A change to subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

16. A change to subheadings 6104.21 through 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104 or a skirt described

in heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to
chapter 61.

17. A change to subheadings 6104.31 through 6104.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

18. A change to tariff items 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or
both.

19. A change to subheading 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

20. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

21. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.368

Morocco

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

22. A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

23. A change to subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

24. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

25. A change to headings 6105 through 6106 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both.

26. A change to subheadings 6107.11 through 6107.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

27. A change to subheading 6107.21 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband,
or elastic, is wholly of such fabric and the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the
territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

28. A change to subheadings 6107.22 through 6107.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

29. A change to subheadings 6108.11 through 6108.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

30. A change to subheading 6108.21 from:

(A)

tariff item 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of waistband, elastic or
lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.369

Morocco

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheadings 6108.22 through 6108.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

32. A change to subheading 6108.31 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband,
elastic or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheadings 6108.32 through 6108.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

34. A change to subheadings 6108.91 through 6108.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

35. A change to headings 6109 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both.

36. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

37. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton, or man-made
fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies
the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

38. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

39. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.370

Morocco

Chapter 62.

Chapter Rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets,
skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through
6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter Rule 2: Apparel goods of this chapter shall be considered to originate if they are cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn
or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of
collars or cuffs, is wholly of one or more of the following:

(A) Velveteen fabrics of subheading 5801.23, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton;

(B) Corduroy fabrics of subheading 5801.22, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton and containing more than 7.5

wales per centimeter;

(C) Fabrics of subheadings 5111.11 or 5111.19, if hand-woven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven in the United Kingdom
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Association, Ltd. and so certified by the Association;

(D) Fabrics of subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 grams per square meter, containing wool, not less than 20 per

cent by weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 per cent by weight of man-made staple fibers; or

(E) Batiste fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single yarns exceeding 76 metric count, containing
between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of a weight not exceeding 110 grams per square meter.

Chapter Rule 3: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of chapter 62 of the tariff schedule, the rule applicable to that
good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the
tariff change requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change
requirements for visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining
fabric in the main body of the garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable
linings.

Chapter rule 4: The products listed in this rule are read in conjunction with the product-specific rules set out in this note. For
purposes of determining whether a good is originating, a product listed in this note shall be considered originating, notwithstanding
the origin of the input mentioned in the rule, provided the good meets any specified requirement, including any end use requirement:

(a) Women's or girls' cotton corduroy skirts and divided skirts classified in subheading 6204.52, or cotton corduroy fabrics classified

in subheading 5801.22;

(b) Women's or girls' man-made fiber blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses classified in subheading 6206.40, of polyester corduroy

fabrics classified in subheading 5801.32;

(c) Women's trousers classified in subheading 6204, of synthetic bi-stretch fabric containing 45 to 52 percent by weight of polyester,

45 to 52 percent by weight of rayon and 1 to 7 percent by weight of spandex, classified in subheading 5515.11;

(d) Women's trousers classified in subheading 6204, of woven fabric containing 60 to 68 percent by weight of polyester, 29 to 37

percent by weight of rayon and 1 to 7 percent by weight of spandex, classified in subheading 5515.11;

(e) Women's trousers classified in subheading 6204, of woven herringbone fabric containing 31 to 37 percent by weight of viscose

rayon, 17 to 23 percent by weight of polyester, 17 to 23 percent by weight of cotton, 13 to 19 percent by weight of wool, 5 to
11 percent by weight of nylon and 1 to 6 percent by weight of spandex, classified in subheading 5408.33.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.371

Morocco

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.11 through 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.372

Morocco

9.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

10. A change to tariff items 6203.19.50 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

11. A change to subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

12. A change to subheading 6203.21 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or heading 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 62.03, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

13. A change to subheading 6203.31 through 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

14. A change to tariff items 6203.39.50 or 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

15. A change to subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or heading 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.373

Morocco

16. A change to subheading 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or heading 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

17. A change to subheading 6204.11 through 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or heading 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

18. A change to tariff items 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

19. A change to subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

20. A change to subheadings 6204.21 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204 or a skirt described

in heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1to
chapter 62.

21. A change to subheadings 6204.31 through 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

22. A change to tariff items 6204.39.60 or 6204.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

23. A change to subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.374

Morocco

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

24. A change to subheadings 6204.41 through 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

25. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

26. A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

27. A change to subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

28. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

29. A change to subheading 6205.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

Subheading Rule: Men's or boys' shirts of cotton or man-made fibers shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and
assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs,
is wholly of one or more of the following:

(A) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42, 5208.49, 5208.51, 5208.52

or 5208.59, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(B) Fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks

per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(C) Fabrics of subheadings 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks

per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(D) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks

per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.375

Morocco

(E) Fabrics of subheadings 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 grams per square meter, having a dobby weave

created by a dobby attachment;

(F) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks

per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

(G) Fabrics of subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per square

centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric;

(H) Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling

picks per square centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric, and characterized by a
check effect produced by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling; or

(I)

Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored with vegetable
dyes, of average yarn number greater than 65 metric.

30. A change to subheadings 6205.20 through 6205.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheading 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the
United States, or both.

32. A change to headings 6206 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
Morocco or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

34. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made
fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies
the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

35. A change to subheadings 6211.31 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

36. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both, and provided that, during each annual period,
such goods of a producer or an entity controlling production shall be eligible for preferential treatment under this note only if
the aggregate cost of fabric(s) (exclusive of findings and trimmings) formed in the territory of Morocco or of the United States,
or both, that is used in the production of all such articles of that producer or entity during the preceding annual period is at
least 75 percent of the aggregate declared customs value of the fabric (exclusive of findings and trimmings) contained in all
such goods of that producer or entity that are entered during the preceding one-year period.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.376

Morocco

37. A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

38. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
Morocco or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 63.

Chapter Rule 1: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply
to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements
set out in the rule for that good.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 6301 through 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
Morocco or of the United States, or both.

A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801
through 5802, or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both.

A change to heading 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311 chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both.

A change to headings 6304 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
Morocco or of the United States, or both.

A change to heading 6309 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Morocco or of the United
States, or both.

Chapter 70.

1.

A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7020.

Chapter 72.

1.

A change to headings 7209 through 7212 from any other heading, including another heading within that group.

Chapter 85.

1.

A change to an ignition wiring set or other wiring set of subheading 8544.30, of a kind used in vehicles, from any other
subheading or from a good within that subheading, provided that assembly of the wiring set involves at least each of the
following operations:

(A) assembly of at least 10 separate parts;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.377

Australia

(B) cutting of wire into different lengths to create wire subassemblies;

(C) stripping of the sheathing of wire;

(D)

inserting connectors to the ends of wire sub-assemblies;

(E) attaching wire sub-assemblies to cable; and

(F) 100 percent testing of wiring sets and other quality control operations and packaging and labeling of finished product.

2.

A change to subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.20 and subheadings 8544.41 through 8544.70 from any other subheading,
including a subheading within that group, provided that the value of materials produced and direct costs of processing operations
performed in the territory of Morocco or of the United States, or both, is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of the
good at the time it is entered into the territory of Morocco or of the United States.

Chapter 87.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 8707 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8708.91 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8708.93 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8708.94 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8708.99 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 8716.31, 8716.39 or 8716.40 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 94.

1.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

28 United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement (UAFTA) are subject to duty as provided

for herein. For the purposes of this note, goods of Australia, as defined in subdivisions (b) through (n) of this note, that are imported
into the customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special”
subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol “AU” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment and quantitative limitations
set forth in the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 201 through 203, inclusive, of the United States-Australia Free
Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Pub.L. 108-286; 118 Stat. 919). For the purposes of this note, the term “UAFTA country”
refers only to Australia or to the United States.

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (m) and (n) thereof, a good imported into the customs

territory of the United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good of a UAFTA country under the terms of this note only
if--

(i)

the good is a good wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both;

(ii)

the good was produced entirely in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both, and--

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification

specified in subdivision (n) of this note;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.378

Australia

(B)

the good otherwise satisfies any applicable regional value content requirement referred to in subdivision (n) of this note;
or

(C)

the good meets any other requirements specified in subdivision (n) of this note;

and such good satisfies all other applicable requirements of this note;

(iii)

the good was produced entirely in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both, exclusively from materials described
in subdivision (b)(i) or (b)(ii) of this note; or

(iv)

the good otherwise qualifies as an originating good under this note.

(c)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, except as otherwise provided in subdivision (d) of this note for textile and apparel
articles, the expression “good wholly obtained or produced” means–

(A) a mineral good extracted from the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both;

(B) a vegetable good, as such goods are provided for in the tariff schedule, harvested in the territory of Australia or of the

United States, or both;

(C) a live animal born and raised in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both;

(D) a good obtained from hunting, trapping, fishing or aquaculture conducted in the territory of Australia or of the United

States, or both;

(E) a good (fish, shellfish and other marine life) taken from the sea by vessels registered or recorded with Australia or the

United States and flying the flag of that country;

(F) a good produced exclusively from products referred to in subdivision (E) on board factory ships registered or recorded

with Australia or the United States and flying the flag of that country;

(G) a good taken by Australia or the United States, or a person of Australia or the United States, from the seabed or beneath

the seabed outside territorial waters, if Australia or the United States has rights to exploit such seabed;

(H) a good taken from outer space, if such good is obtained by Australia or the United States, or a person of Australia or the

United States, and is not processed in the territory of a country other than Australia or the United States;

(I) waste and scrap derived from–

(1) production in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; or

(2) used goods collected in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both, if such goods are fit only for the

recovery of raw materials;

(J) a recovered good derived in the territory of Australia or of the United States from goods that have passed their life
expectancy, or are no longer usable due to defects, and utilized in the territory of that country in the production of
remanufactured goods; or

(K) a good produced in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both, exclusively from--

(1) goods referred to in subdivisions (A) through (I) above, inclusive, or

(2)

the derivatives of goods referred to in such subdivisions,

at any stage of production.

(ii)

(A) For the purposes of subdivision (c)(i)(J) of this note, the term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual

parts that result from--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.379

Australia

(1)

(2)

the complete disassembly of goods which have passed their life expectancy, or are no longer usable due to defects,
into individual parts; and

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing that is necessary for improvement to sound working condition
of such individual parts.

(B) For purposes of this note, the term “remanufactured good” means an industrial good assembled in the territory of Australia
or of the United State that is classified in chapter 84, 85 or 87 of the tariff schedule or heading 9026, 9031 or 9032, other
than a good classified in heading 8418 or 8516 or any of the headings 8701 through 8706, and that--

(1)

is entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods;

(2) has a similar life expectancy to, and meets the same performance standards as, a like good that is new; and

(3) enjoys a factory warranty similar to a like good that is new.

(C) For the purposes of this note–

(1)

the term “material” means a good that is used in the production of another good;

(2)

the term “material that is self-produced” means an originating material that is produced by a producer of a good and
used in the production of that good; and

(3) a “nonoriginating material” is a material that does not qualify as originating under this note.

(D) For the purposes of this note, the term “production” means growing, raising, mining, harvesting, fishing, trapping, hunting,
manufacturing, processing, assembling or disassembling a good; and the term “producer” means a person who engages
in the production of a good in the territory of Australia or of the United States.

(E) For the purposes of this note, the term “adjusted value” means the value determined under Articles 1 through 8, Article
15 and the corresponding interpretative notes of the Customs Valuation Agreement, as adjusted to exclude any costs,
charges or expenses incurred for transportation, insurance and related services incidental to the international shipment
of the good from the country of exportation to the place of importation.

(iii) A good that has undergone production necessary to qualify as an originating good under this note shall not be considered to
be an originating good if, subsequent to that production, the good undergoes further production or any other operation outside
the territory of Australia or of the United States, other than unloading, reloading or any other operation necessary to preserve
the good in good condition or to transport the good to the territory of Australia or of the United States.

(d) Textile and apparel articles.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (ii) below, a textile or apparel good that is not an originating good under the terms of this
note, because certain fibers or yarns used in the production of the component of the good that determines the tariff classification
of the good do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note, shall be considered
to be an originating good if the total weight of all such fibers or yarns in that component is not more than seven percent of the
total weight of that component. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a textile or apparel good containing elastomeric yarns
in the component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good shall be considered to be an originating good
only if such yarns are wholly formed in the territory of Australia or of the United States.

(ii) Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (n) of this note, textile and apparel goods classifiable as goods put up in sets
for retail sale as provided under general rule of interpretation 3 to the tariff schedule shall not be considered to be originating
goods unless each of the goods in the set is an originating good or the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does
not exceed 10 percent of the value of the set determined for purposes of assessing customs duties.

(iii) For purposes of subdivision (d)(i) of this note, in the case of a textile or apparel good that is a yarn, fabric or group of fibers,

the term “component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good” means all of the fibers in the yarn, fabric
or group of fibers.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.380

Australia

(iv) For purposes of this note, the term “textile or apparel good” means a good listed in the Annex to the Agreement on Textiles

and Clothing referred to in section 101(d)(4) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(4)). For the purposes
of the rules set forth in subdivision (n) of this note that apply to textile or apparel goods pursuant to Annex 4-A to the UAFTA,
a good is considered to be “wholly” of a material if the good is made entirely of the material.

(e) De minimis.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (e)(ii) below, a good (other than a textile or apparel good described in subdivision (d) above)
that does not undergo a change in tariff classification pursuant to subdivision (n) of this note shall nonetheless be considered
to be an originating good if–

(A)

the value of all nonoriginating materials that are used in the production of the good, and do not undergo the applicable
change in tariff classification, does not exceed 10 percent of the adjusted value of the good;

(B)

the value of such nonoriginating materials is included in calculating the value of nonoriginating materials for any applicable
regional value content requirement for the good; and

(C)

the good meets all other applicable requirements of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to–

(A) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4 or in subheading 1901.90 that is used in the production of a good

provided for in chapter 4;

(B) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4 or in subheading 1901.90 that is used in the production of a good

provided for in subheading 1901.10, 1901.20 or 1901.90, heading 2105, or subheading 2106.90, 2202.90 or 2309.90;

(C) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0805 or any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 that is used in

the production of a good provided for in any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, or in subheading 2106.90 or
2202.90;

(D) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 15 that is used in the production of a good provided for in headings 1501

through 1508, 1512, 1514 or 1515;

(E) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1701 that is used in the production of a good provided for in any of

headings 1701 through 1703;

(F) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 17 or heading 1805 that is used in the production of a good provided for

in subheading 1806.10;

(G) a nonoriginating material provided for in any of headings 2203 through 2208 that is used in the production of a good

provided for in headings 2207 or 2208; and

(H) a nonoriginating material used in the production of a good provided for in chapters 1 through 21, inclusive, unless the

nonoriginating material is provided for in a different subheading than the good for which origin is being determined under
this note.

(f) Accumulation.

(i)

For purposes of this note, originating materials from the territory of Australia or of the United States that are used in the
production of a good in the territory of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of such other country.

(ii) A good that is produced in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both, by one or more producers, is an originating

good if the good satisfies all of the applicable requirements of this note.

(g) Regional value content.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.381

Australia

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content for a good, except for goods to which subdivision
(iv) applies, shall be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good on the basis of the build-down method or the
build-up method described below, unless otherwise specified in this note:

(A) For the build-down method, the regional value content may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC = (AV - VNM)
X 100 / AV, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value; and VNM is
the value of nonoriginating materials that are acquired and used by the producer in the production of the good, but does
not include the value of a material that is self-produced; or

(B) For the build-up method, the regional value content may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC = (VOM x 100) /
AV, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value; and VOM is the value
of originating materials that are acquired or self-produced, and used by the producer in the production of the good.

(ii) Value of materials.

(A) For purposes of calculating the regional value content of a good under this note and for purposes of applying the de

minimis provisions of subdivision (e) of this note, the value of a material is:

(1)

in the case of a material imported by the producer of the good, the adjusted value of the material;

(2)

in the case of a material acquired in the territory in which the good is produced, determined in accordance with
Articles 1 through 8, article 15 and the corresponding interpretive notes of the Agreement on Implementation of
Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay Round
Agreements Act, as set forth in regulations promulgated by the Secretary of the Treasury providing for the application
of such Articles in the absence of an importation; or

(3)

in the case of a material that is self-produced, the sum of--

(I)

all expenses incurred in the production of the material, including general expenses; and

(II) an amount for profit equivalent to the profit added in the normal course of trade.

(B) The value of materials may be adjusted as follows:

(1)

for originating materials, the following expenses, if not included under subdivision (g)(ii)(A) of this note, may be
added to the value of the originating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Australia, the United States or both, to the location of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Australia or of the United

States, or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable,
including credit against duty or tax paid or payable; and

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or by-products;

(2)

for non-originating materials, if included in the value of a nonoriginating material calculated under subdivision (g)(ii)(A)
of this note, the following expenses may be deducted from the value of the nonoriginating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Australia, the United States or both, to the location of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Australia or of the United

States, or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable,
including credit against duty or tax paid or payable;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.382

Australia

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or by-products;

(IV) the cost of processing incurred in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both, in the production of

the nonoriginating material; and

(V)

the cost of originating materials used in the production of the nonoriginating material in the territory of Australia
or of the United States, or both

(C) Any cost or value referred to in this note shall be recorded and maintained in accordance with the generally accepted
accounting principles applicable in the territory of the country in which the good is produced (whether Australia or the
United States). Such principles comprise the recognized consensus or substantial authoritative support in the territory of
Australia or of the United States, as the case may be, with respect to the recording of revenues, expenses, costs, assets
and liabilities, the disclosure of information and the preparation of financial statements. These standards may encompass
broad guidelines of general application as well as detailed standards, practices and procedures.

(D) For purposes of subdivision (g) of this note, the term “used” means used or consumed in the production of goods.

(iii) Special rule for certain automotive goods.

(A) For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content of an automotive good shall be calculated

by the importer, exporter or producer of the good on the basis of the following net cost method: RVC = (NC - VNM) X
100 / NC, where RVC is the regional value content of the automotive good, expressed as a percentage; NC is the net
cost of the automotive good; and VNM means the value of nonoriginating materials that are acquired and used by the
producer in the production of the automotive good, but does not include the value of a material that is self produced. For
purposes of this subdivision, the term “automotive good” means a good provided for in any of the subheadings 8407.31
through 8407.34, subheading 8408.20, heading 8409 or any of headings 8701 through 8708, inclusive, of the tariff
schedule.

(B) For purposes of determining the regional value content under this subdivision for an automotive good that is a motor

vehicle provided for in any of headings 8701 through 8705, an importer, exporter or producer may average the amounts
calculated under the formula contained in subdivision (A) above, over the producer’s fiscal year--

(I) with respect to all motor vehicles in any one of the categories described in subdivision (C), below; or

(II) with respect to all motor vehicles in any such category that are exported to the territory of the United States or

Australia.

(C) A category is described for purposes of subdivision (B)(I) above if it--

(I)

is the same model of motor vehicles, is in the same class of vehicles, and is produced in the same plant in the
territory of Australia or of the United States, as the good described in subdivision (B) for which regional value content
is being calculated;

(II)

is the same class of motor vehicles, and is produced in the same plant in the territory of Australia or of the United
States, as the good described in subdivision (B) for which regional value content is being calculated; or

(III)

is the same model line of motor vehicles produced in either the territory of Australia or of the United States, as the
good described in subdivision (B) for which regional value content is being calculated.

(D) For purposes of determining the regional value content under subdivision (A) above for automotive goods provided for
in any of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34, in subheading 8408.20 or in heading 8409, 8705, 8707 or 8708, that
are produced in the same plant, an importer, exporter or producer may--

(I)

average the amounts calculated under the formula contained in subdivision (A) above over--

(aa) the fiscal year of the motor vehicle producer to whom the automotive goods are sold,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.383

Australia

(bb) any quarter or month, or

(cc) its own fiscal year,

if the goods were produced during the fiscal year, quarter or month that is the basis for the calculation;

(II) determine the average referred to in subdivision (I) separately for such goods sold to one or more motor vehicle

producers; or

(III) make a separate determination under subdivision (I) or (II) for automotive goods that are exported to the territory of

the United States or of Australia.

(E) Consistent with the provisions regarding allocation of costs set out in generally accepted accounting principles, the net

cost of the automotive good under subdivision (B) shall be calculated by--

(I)

(II)

calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by the producer of the automotive good,
subtracting any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping and packing costs and
nonallowable interest costs that are included in the total cost of all such goods, and then reasonably allocating the
resulting net cost of those goods to the automotive good;

calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by that producer, reasonably allocating the total
cost to the automotive good, and then subtracting any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales services costs,
royalties, shipping and packing costs and nonallowable interest costs that are included in the portion of the total cost
allocated to the automotive good; or

(III)

reasonably allocating each cost that forms part of the total cost incurred with respect to the automotive good so that
the aggregate of these costs does not include any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales costs, royalties,
shipping and packing costs or nonallowable interest costs.

(F) For purposes of this note, the term “class of motor vehicles” means any one of the following categories of motor vehicles:

(I) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.20, 8704.10, 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32 or 8704.90, or heading

8705 or 8706, or motor vehicles for the transport of 16 or more persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or
8702.90;

(II) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.10 or any of subheadings 8701.30 through 8701.90, inclusive;

(III) motor vehicles for the transport of 15 or fewer persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90, or motor

vehicles provided for in subheading 8704.21 or 8704.31; or

(IV) motor vehicles provided for in any of subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90.

(G) For purposes of this note, the term “model line” means a group of motor vehicles having the same platform or model

name.

(H) For purposes of this note, the term “nonallowable interest costs” means interest costs incurred by a producer that exceed
700 basis points above the applicable official interest rate for comparable maturities of the country (whether Australia or
the United States).

(I)

For purposes of this note, the term “reasonably allocating” means apportioning in a manner that would be appropriate
under generally accepted accounting principles.

(J) For purposes of this note, the term “total cost” means all product costs, period costs and other costs for a good incurred

in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both.

(h) Accessories, spare parts or tools.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.384

Australia

(i)

Subject to subdivision (h)(ii) below, accessories, spare parts or tools delivered with a good that form part of the good's standard
accessories, spare parts or tools shall--

(A) be treated as originating goods if the good is an originating good; and

(B) be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo the

applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (i) above shall apply only if--

(A)

the accessories, spare parts or tools are not invoiced separately from the good;

(B)

the quantities and value of the accessories, spare parts or tools are customary for the good; and

(C)

if the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of the accessories, spare parts or tools is taken
into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of
the good.

(i)

Fungible goods and materials.

(i)

A person claiming that a fungible good or fungible material is an originating good may base the claim either on the physical
segregation of the fungible good or fungible material or by using an inventory management method with respect to the fungible
good or fungible material. For purposes of this subdivision, the term “inventory management method” means:

(A) averaging,

(B)

“last-in, first-out,”

(C)

“first-in, first out,” or

(D) any other method that is recognized in the generally accepted accounting principles of the country in which the production

is performed (whether Australia or the United States) or otherwise accepted by that country.

The term “fungible good” or fungible material” means a good or material, as the case may be, that is interchangeable with
another good or material for commercial purposes and the properties of which are essentially identical to such other good or
material.

(ii) A person selecting an inventory management method under subdivision (i) above for a particular fungible good or fungible

material shall continue to use that method for that fungible good or fungible material throughout the fiscal year of that person.

(j)

Packaging materials and containers.

(i)

Packaging materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail sale, if classified with the good for which the tariff
treatment under the terms of this note is claimed, shall be disregarded in determining whether all nonoriginating materials used
in the production of the good undergo the applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note and, if
the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of such packaging materials and containers shall be
taken into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of
the good.

(ii) Packing materials and containers for shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether–

(A)

the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo the applicable change in tariff classification set
out in subdivision (n) of this note; and

(B)

the good satisfies a regional value content requirement.

(k)

Indirect materials.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.385

Australia

An indirect material shall be considered to be an originating material for purposes of this note without regard to where it is produced,
and its value shall be the cost registered in the accounting records of the producer of the good. The term “indirect material” means
a good used in the production, testing or inspection of a good but not physically incorporated into the good, or a good used in the
maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated with the production of a good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in production or used to operate equipment and buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the goods;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other goods that are not incorporated into the good but the use of which in the production of the good can reasonably be

demonstrated to be a part of that production.

(l) Record-keeping requirements and verification.

(i)

An importer of a good, for which treatment as an originating good of a UAFTA country is claimed under the provisions of this
note, shall make a written declaration that the good qualifies as originating, under the terms of applicable regulations, and
shall be prepared to submit, upon request by the appropriate customs officer, a statement setting forth the reasons that the
good qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, including pertinent cost and manufacturing information
and all other information requested by such customs officer.

(ii)

Importers shall maintain, for a period prescribed in applicable regulations and starting on the date of importation of the good,
all information demonstrating that the good qualifies as originating in a format that may be provided for in such regulations,
along with all other required documents relating to the importation of the good, including records concerning:

(A)

the purchase of, cost of, value of and payment for the good;

(B) where appropriate, the purchase of, cost of, value of and payment for all materials, including indirect materials, used in

the production of the good; and

(C) where appropriate, the production of the good in the form in which the good is exported;

and shall, upon request by the appropriate customs officer, make available such records as are necessary under applicable
regulations to demonstrate that a good qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note.

(iii) For purposes of determining whether a good imported into the customs territory of the United States from the territory of
Australia qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, the appropriate customs officer may conduct a
verification under such terms or procedures as the United States and Australia may agree, as set forth in pertinent regulations.

(m)

Interpretation of rules of origin.

(i) Unless otherwise specified, the requirements of any rule in subdivision (n) of this note that is set out adjacent to a heading or

subheading of the tariff schedule and specifies a change of tariff classification applies only to nonoriginating materials. For
purposes of this subdivision and subdivision (n) of this note, a tariff provision is a “heading” if its article description is not
indented; a provision is a “subheading” if it is designated by 6 digits under the Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding
System.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.386

Australia

(ii) Where a specific rule in subdivision (n) of this note is defined using the criterion of a change in tariff classification, and the rule
is written to exclude tariff provisions at the level of a chapter, heading or subheading of the tariff schedule, such rule shall be
construed to require that materials classified in those excluded provisions be originating for the good to qualify as originating.

(iii) When a heading or subheading of the tariff schedule is subject to alternative specific rules in subdivision (n) of this note, the

rule will be considered to be met if a good satisfies one of the alternatives.

(iv) When a single rule applies to a group of headings or subheadings, and that rule specifies a change of heading or subheading,
the requirement shall be considered to permit a change within a single heading or subheading in such group or between
headings or subheadings of that group. When, however, a rule requires a change in heading or subheading from a provision
“outside that group” such change in heading or subheading must occur from a heading or subheading that is outside the group
of headings or subheadings set out in the rule.

(v) References to weight in the rules set forth in subdivision (n) of this note for goods provided for in chapters 1 through 24 of the

tariff schedule are to dry weight, unless otherwise specified in the tariff schedule.

(vi) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 6 through 14, inclusive, agricultural and horticultural goods grown in
the territory of Australia or of the United States shall be treated as originating therein even if grown from seed, bulbs, rootstock,
cuttings, grafts, shoots, buds or or other live parts of plants imported from a country other than Australia or the United States.

(vii) Any good of chapters 27 through 40, inclusive (except a good of heading 3823), of the tariff schedule, that is the product of a
chemical reaction shall be considered to be an originating good if the chemical reaction occurred in the United States or
Australia. Notwithstanding any of the individual tariff classification rules, this “chemical reaction” rule may be applied to any
good classified in the above chapters. For purposes of applying this note to goods of the above chapters, a “chemical reaction”
is a process (including a biochemical process) which results in a molecule with a new structure by breaking intramolecular
bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial arrangement of atoms in a molecule. The following
are not considered to be chemical reactions for purposes of this note:

(A) dissolving in water or other solvents;

(B)

the elimination of solvents including solvent water; or

(C)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallization.

(viii) For the purposes of chapters 28 through 35 and chapters 38 and 39, purification is considered to be origin conferring under

this note provided that one of the following criteria is satisfied:

(A) purification of a good resulting in the elimination of 80 percent by weight of the content of existing impurities; or

(B)

reduction or elimination of impurities resulting in a good suitable for one or more of the following applications:

(I)

pharmaceutical, medicinal, cosmetic, veterinary or food grade substances;

(II)

chemical products and reagents for analytical, diagnostic or laboratory uses;

(III) elements and components for use in micro-elements;

(IV) specialized optical uses;

(V) non-toxic uses for health and safety;

(VI) biotechnical use;

(VII) carriers used in a separation process; or

(VIII)nuclear grade uses.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.387

Australia

(ix) For the purposes of chapters 30 and 31, heading 3302, subheading 3502.20, headings 3506 through 3507, heading 3707 and
chapters 39 and 40, the deliberate and proportionally controlled mixing or blending (including dispersing) of materials to conform
to predetermined specifications which results in the production of a good having physical or chemical characteristics which
are relevant to the purposes or uses of the good and are different from the input materials is considered to be origin conferring
for purposes of this note.

(x) For the purposes of chapters 30, 31 and 39, the following shall be considered to be origin conferring for purposes of this note:

(A)

(B)

the deliberate and controlled reduction in particle size of a good, other than by merely crushing (or pressing) resulting in
a good having a defined particle size, defined particle size distribution or defined surface area, which are relevant to the
purposes of the resulting good and have different physical or chemical characteristics from the input materials; or

the deliberate and controlled modification in particle size of a good, other than by merely pressing, resulting in a good
having a defined particle size, defined particle size distribution or defined surface area, which are relevant to the purposes
of the resulting good and have different physical or chemical characteristics from the input materials.

(xi) For the purposes of chapters 28 through 32, 35 and 38, the production of standards materials is considered to be origin

conferring for purposes of this note. The term “standards materials” (including standard solutions) means preparations suitable
for analytical, calibrating or reference uses having precise degrees of purity or proportions which are certified by the manufacturer.

(xii) For the purposes of chapters 28 through 32, 35 and 39, the isolation or separation of isomers from mixtures of isomers shall

be considered origin conferring for purposes of this note.

(xiii) For the purposes of chapters 28 through 38, a nonoriginating material/component will not be deemed to have satisfied all

applicable requirements of these rules by reason of a change from one tariff classification to another merely as the result of
the separation of one or more individual materials or components from a man-made mixture unless the isolated
material/component, itself, also underwent a chemical reaction.

(n) Change in tariff classification rules. [NOTE: Not updated for Pres.Proc. 8771, effective Feb. 3, 2012]

Chapter 1.

1.

A change to headings 0101 through 0106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 2.

1.

A change to headings 0201 through 0210 from any other chapter.

Chapter 3.

1.

A change to headings 0301 through 0307 from any other chapter.

Chapter 4.

1.

A change to headings 0401 through 0410 from any other chapter, except from products containing over 10 percent by weight
of milk solids of subheadings 1901.90 and 2106.90.

Chapter 5.

1.

A change to headings 0501 through 0511 from any other chapter.

Chapter 6.

1.

A change to headings 0601 through 0604 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7.

1.

A change to headings 0701 through 0714 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.388

Australia

Chapter 8.

1.

A change to headings 0801 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Chapter 9.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A chance to subheadings 0901.11 through 0901.12 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 0901.21 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 0901.22 from any other subheading, except from subheading 0901.21.

A change to subheadings 0901.90 through 0910.99 from any other chapter.

Chapter 10.

1.

A change to headings 1001 through 1008 from any other chapter.

Chapter 11.

1.

A change to headings 1101 through 1109 from any other chapter.

Chapter 12.

1.

A change to headings 1201 through 1214 from any other chapter.

Chapter 13.

1.

A change to headings 1301 through 1302 from any other chapter.

Chapter 14.

1.

A change to headings 1401 through 1404 from any other chapter.

Chapter 15.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 1501 through 1518 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1520 from any other heading.

A change to headings 1521 through 1522 from any other chapter.

Chapter 16.

1.

A change to headings 1601 through 1605 from any other chapter.

Chapter 17.

1.

2.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1704 from any other heading.

Chapter 18.

1.

2.

A change to headings 1801 through 1802 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 1803 through 1805 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.389

Australia

A change to subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that such products of subheading 1806.10 containing 90
percent or more by dry weight of sugar do not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17, and that products of 1806.10
containing less than 90 percent by dry weight of sugar do not contain more than 35 percent by weight of nonoriginating sugar
of chapter 17.

A change to subheading 1806.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.31 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 1806.32 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 1806.90 from any other subheading.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

Chapter 19.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 1901.10 from any other chapter, provided that products of subheading 1901.10 containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy products of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.20 from any other chapter, provided that products of subheading 1901.20 containing over 25
percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, do not contain nonoriginating dairy products of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.90 from any other chapter provided that products of subheading 1901.90 containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy products of chapter 4.

4.

A change to headings 1902 through 1905 from any other chapter.

Chapter 20.

Chapter rule: Fruit, nut and vegetable preparations of headings 2001 through 2008 that have been prepared or preserved by
freezing, by packing (including canning) in water, brine or natural juices or by roasting, either dry or in oil (including processing
incidental to freezing, packing or roasting), shall be treated as an originating good only if the fresh good were wholly produced or
obtained entirely in the territory of Australia or of the United States.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 2001 through 2007 from any other chapter, except as provided for in the chapter rule for chapter 20.

A change to subheading 2008.11 from any other heading, except from heading 1202.

A change to subheadings 2008.19 through 2008.99 from any other chapter, except as provided for in the chapter rule for
chapter 20.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

A change to subheadings 2009.40 through 2009.80 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, whether or not there is also a change
from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice or juice ingredients from a single country other
than the United States or Australia, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

Chapter 21.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 2101 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2102 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.10 from any other chapter.

GN p.390

Australia

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

A change to subheading 2103.20 from any other chapter, provided that tomato ketchup of subheading 2103.20 does not
contain nonoriginating products of subheading 2002.90.

A change to subheadings 2103.30 through 2103.90 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2104 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2105 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 and from dairy preparations containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

(A) A change to any single fruit or single vegetable juice of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from headings

0805 or 2009 or from fruit or vegetable juice of subheading 2202.90;

(B) A change to mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90:

(i)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90; or

(ii)

from any other subheading within chapter 21, heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90,
whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients
from a single country other than Australia or the United States, constitute in single strength form no more than 60
percent by volume of the good;

(C) A change to compound alcoholic preparations of subheading 2106.90 from any other subheading, except from headings

2203 through 2209;

(D) A change to sugar syrups of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from chapter 17;

(E) A change to products containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter,
except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading
1901.90; or

(F) A change to other goods of heading 2106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 22.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 2201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.10 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to any single fruit or single vegetable juice of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter, except from headings

0805 or 2009 or from fruit or vegetable juice of subheading 2106.90;

(B) A change to mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90:

(i)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90; or

(ii)

from any other subheading within chapter 22, heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90,
whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients
from a single country other than the United States or Australia, constitute in single strength form no more than 60
percent by volume of the good;

(C) A change to beverages containing milk from any other chapter, except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing

over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90; or

(D) A change to other goods of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter.

4.

A change to headings 2203 through 2209 from any heading outside that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.391

Australia

Chapter 23.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 2301 through 2308 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2309.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2309.90 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or subheading 1901.90.

Chapter 24.

1.

A change to headings 2401 through 2403 from any other chapter or from wrapper tobacco not threshed or similarly processed
of chapter 24, or from homogenized or reconstituted tobacco suitable for use as wrapper tobacco of chapter 24.

Chapter 25.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 2501 through 2516 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2517.10 through 2517.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2517.30 from any other subheading.

A change in subheadings 2517.41 through 2517.49 from any other heading.

A change to headings 2518 through 2530 from any other heading.

Chapter 26.

1.

A change to headings 2601 through 2621 from any other heading.

Chapter 27.

1.

2.

A change to headings 2701 through 2706 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other subheading, provided that the good resulting from

such change is the product of a chemical reaction.

3.

A change to headings 2708 through 2709 from any other heading.

Heading rule: For purposes of heading 2710, the following processes confer origin:

(a) Atmospheric distillation: A separation process in which petroleum oils are converted, in a distillation tower, into fractions

according to boiling point and the vapor then condensed into different liquefied fractions; or

(b) Vacuum distillation: Distillation at a pressure below atmospheric but not so low that it would be classed as molecular

distillation

4.

(A) A change to any good of heading 2710 from any other good of heading 2710, provided that the good resulting from such

change is the product of a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation or vacuum distillation.

(B) A change to heading 2710 from any other heading; except from heading 2207.

Note: The following tariff classification rule 4A for heading 2710 shall also apply with respect to an aggregate quantity of the metric
equivalent of 24,000,000 gallons of goods of Dominican Republic for a period of two years after the date of entry into force of the

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.392

Australia

Agreement specified in subdivision (a) of this note as between Dominican Republic and the United States, after which period this
note and rule 4A below shall be deleted from the tariff schedule.

4A. A change to any good of heading 2710 from any other good of heading 2710, provided that the good resulting from such

change results from a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation or vacuum distillation, or from a process that alters the viscosity
of the good.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 2711.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.21.

A change to subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2711.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.11.

A change to subheading 2711.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.21.

A change to headings 2712 through 2714 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 2715 from any other heading, except from heading 2714 or subheading 2713.20.

11. A change to heading 2716 from any other heading.

Chapter 28.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2801.10 through 2801.30 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2802 from any other heading, except from heading 2503.

A change to heading 2803 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2804.10 through 2804.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 2804.61 through 2804.69 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 2804.70 through 2804.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2805 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2806.10 through 2806.20 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2807 through 2808 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheadings 2809.10 through 2809.20 from any other subheading.

11. A change to heading 2810 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheading 2811.11 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheading 2811.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2811.22.

14. A change to subheading 2811.21 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 2811.22 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2505.10, 2506.10 or 2811.19.

16. A change to subheadings 2811.29 through 2813.90 from any other subheading.

17. A change to heading 2814 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.393

Australia

18. A change to subheadings 2815.11 through 2815.12 from any other subheading outside that group.

19. A change to subheadings 2815.20 through 2816.10 from any other subheading.

20. A change to subheading 2816.40 from any other subheading, except a change to oxide, hydroxide and peroxide of strontium

from subheading 2530.90.

21. A change to heading 2817 from any other heading, except from heading 2608.

22. A change to subheadings 2818.10 through 2818.30 from any other subheading, except from heading 2606 or subheading

2620.40.

23. A change to subheadings 2819.10 through 2819.90 from any other subheading.

24. A change to subheadings 2820.10 through 2820.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90 or heading

2602.

25. A change to subheading 2821.10 from any other subheading.

26. A change to subheading 2821.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2530.90 or 2601.11 through 2601.20.

27. A change to heading 2822 from any other heading, except from heading 2605.

28. A change to heading 2823 from any other heading.

29. A change to subheadings 2824.10 through 2824.90 from any other subheading, except from heading 2607.

30. A change to subheadings 2825.10 through 2825.40 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheading 2825.50 from any other subheading, except from heading 2603.

32. A change to subheading 2825.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2615.10.

33. A change to subheading 2825.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2613.10.

34. A change to subheading 2825.80 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2617.10.

35. A change to subheading 2825.90 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in subheading 2825.90 is the

product of a chemical reaction.

36. A change to subheadings 2826.12 through 2826.19 from any other subheading.

37. A change to subheading 2833.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.20.

38. A change to subheadings 2833.22 through 2833.25 from any other subheading.

39. A change to subheading 2833.27 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2511.10.

40. A change to subheading 2833.29 from any other subheading, except from heading 2520.

41. A change to subheadings 2833.30 through 2835.25 from any other subheading.

42. A change to subheading 2835.26 from any other subheading, except from heading 2510.

43. A change to subheadings 2835.29 through 2835.39 from any other subheading.

44.

[Rule deleted.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.394

Australia

45. A change to subheading 2836.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90.

46. A change to subheadings 2836.30 through 2836.40 from any other subheading.

47. A change to subheading 2836.50 from any other subheading, except from heading 2509, subheadings 2517.41 or 2517.49,

heading 2521 or subheading 2530.90.

48. A change to subheading 2836.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2511.20.

49.

[Rule deleted.]

50. A change to subheading 2836.91 from any other subheading.

51. A change to subheading 2836.92 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90.

52.

(A) A change to bismuth carbonate of subheading 2836.99 from ammonium carbonates and lead carbonates of subheading

2836.99 or from any other subheading, except from subheading 2617.90; or

(B) A change to lead carbonates of subheading 2836.99 from any other good of 2836.99 or from any other subheading; or

(C) A change to subheading 2836.99 other than to bismuth carbonates or lead carbonates from any other subheading,

provided that the good classified in subheading 2836.99 is the product of a chemical reaction.

53. A change to subheadings 2837.11 through 2837.20 from any other subheading.

54.

[Rule deleted.]

55. A change to subheadings 2839.11 through 2839.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

56. A change to subheading 2839.90 from any other subheading.

57. A change to subheadings 2840.11 through 2840.20 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

2528.10.

58. A change to subheading 2840.30 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheading 2841.30 from any other subheading.

60.

(A) A change to chromates of zinc or lead of subheading 2841.50 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2841.50 from any other subheading, except heading 2610.

61. A change to subheadings 2841.61 through 2841.69 from any other subheading outside that group.

62. A change to subheading 2841.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2613.90.

63. A change to subheading 2841.80 from any other subheading, except from heading 2611.

64.

(A) A change to aluminate or chromate salts of zinc or lead of subheading 2841.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2841.90 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in

subheading 2841.90 is the product of a chemical reaction.

65. A change to subheading 2842.10 from any other subheading.

66.

(A) A change to fulminates, cyanates and thiocyanates of subheading 2842.90 from other goods of subheading 2842.90 or

from any other subheading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.395

Australia

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 2842.90 from any other good of subheading 2842.90 or any other subheading,

provided that the good classified in subheading 2842.90 is the product of a chemical reaction.

67. A change to subheading 2843.10 from any other subheading, except from headings 7106, 7108, 7110 or 7112.

68. A change to subheadings 2843.21 through 2843.29 from any other subheading.

69. A change to subheadings 2843.30 through 2843.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2616.90.

70. A change to subheading 2844.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2612.10.

71. A change to subheading 2844.20 from any other subheading.

72. A change to subheading 2844.30 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2844.20.

73. A change to subheadings 2844.40 through 2844.50 from any other subheading.

74. A change to heading 2845 from any other heading.

75. A change to heading 2846 from any other heading, except from subheading 2530.90.

76. A change to headings 2847 through 2848 from any other heading.

77. A change to subheadings 2849.10 through 2849.90 from any other subheading.

78. A change to heading 2852 from any other heading, provided that the good classified in heading 2852 is the product of a

chemical reaction.

78A. A change to heading 2853 from any other heading.

Chapter 29.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2901.10 through 2901.29 from any other subheading, except from acyclic petroleum oils of heading
2710 or from subheadings 2711.13, 2711.14, 2711.19 or 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2902.11 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 2902.19 from any other subheading, except from non-aromatic cyclic petroleum oils of subheading
2707.50 or 2707.99 or heading 2710.

A change to subheading 2902.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.10, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheading 2902.30 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.20, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheadings 2902.41 through 2902.44 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.30, 2707.50
or 2707.99.

A change to subheading 2902.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 2902.60 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.30, 2707.50, 2707.99 or heading
2710.

A change to subheadings 2902.70 through 2902.90 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.50 or 2707.99
or heading 2710.

10. A change to subheadings 2903.11 through 2903.39 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.396

Australia

11. A change to subheadings 2903.41 through 2903.49 from any other subheading outside that group.

12. A change to subheadings 2903.51 through 2905.19 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheadings 2905.22 through 2905.29 from lac of subheading 1301.90, pine oil of subheading 3805.90 or any

other subheading, except from other goods of subheadings 1301.90 or 3805.90.

14. A change to subheadings 2905.31 through 2905.44 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 2905.45 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

16. A change to subheadings 2905.49 through 2905.59 from any other subheading.

17. A change to subheading 2906.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3301.24 or 3301.25.

18. A change to subheadings 2906.12 through 2906.13 from any other subheading.

19.

(A) A change to terpineols of subheading 2906.19 from any other good, except from heading 3805; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 2906.19 from pine oils of subheading 3805.90 or any other subheading, except

from subheading 3301.90 or any other goods of subheading 3805.90.

20.

[Rule deleted.]

21. A change to subheading 2906.21 from any other subheading.

22. A change to subheading 2906.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2707.99 or 3301.90.

23. A change to subheading 2907.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.99.

24. A change to subheadings 2907.12 through 2907.22 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.99.

25. A change to subheading 2907.23 from any other subheading.

26.

(A) A change to subheading 2907.29 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.99;

(B) A change to phenol-alcohols of 2907.29 from any other good of subheading 2907.29; or

(C) A change to any other good of 2907.29 from phenol-alcohols of 2907.29.

27. A change to heading 2908 from any other heading.

28. A change to subheadings 2909.11 through 2909.49 from any other subheading.

29. A change to subheading 2909.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

30. A change to subheading 2909.60 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheadings 2910.10 through 2910.90 from any other subheading.

32. A change to heading 2911 from any other heading.

33. A change to subheadings 2912.11 through 2912.13 from any other subheading.

34.

(A) A change to subheadings 2912.19 through 2912.49 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90; or

(B) A change to n-butanal (butyraldehyde, normal isomer) from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.397

Australia

35. A change to subheadings 2912.50 through 2912.60 from any other subheading.

36. A change to heading 2913 from any other heading.

37. A change to subheadings 2914.11 through 2914.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

38. A change to subheadings 2914.21 through 2914.22 from any other subheading.

39. A change to subheading 2914.23 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

40. A change to subheading 2914.29 from pine oils of subheading 3805.90 or from any other subheading, except from subheading

3301.90 or from goods other than pine oils of subheading 3805.90.

41. A change to subheadings 2914.31 through 2914.39 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

3301.90.

42. A change to subheadings 2914.40 through 2914.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

43. A change to subheadings 2915.11 through 2915.36 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group.

44. A change to subheading 2915.39 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

45. A change to subheadings 2915.40 through 2916.20 from any other subheading.

46. A change to subheadings 2916.31 through 2916.39 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

47. A change to subheadings 2917.11 through 2918.22 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheading 2918.23 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

49. A change to subheadings 2918.29 through 2918.30 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheadings 2918.91 through 2918.99 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

51. A change to heading 2919 from any other heading.

52. A change to subheadings 2920.11 through 2926.90 from any other subheading.

53. A change to headings 2927 through 2928 from any other heading.

54. A change to subheadings 2929.10 through 2930.90 from any other subheading.

55. A change to heading 2931 from any other heading.

56. A change to subheadings 2932.11 through 2932.99 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

57. A change to subheadings 2933.11 through 2934.99 from any other subheading.

58. A change to heading 2935 from any other heading.

59. A change to subheadings 2936.21 through 2936.29 from any other subheading.

60.

(A) A change to unmixed provitamins of subheading 2936.90 from any other good of subheading 2936.90 or from any other

subheading; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 2936.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.398

Australia

61. A change to headings 2937 through 2941 from any other heading.

62. A change to heading 2942 from any other chapter.

Chapter 30.

1.

A change to subheadings 3001.20 through 3006.92 from any other subheading.

Chapter 31.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 3101 from any other heading, except from subheading 2301.20 or from powders and meals of subheading
0506.90, heading 0508 or subheadings 0511.91 or 0511.99.

A change to subheadings 3102.10 through 3102.21 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3102.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3102.21 or 3102.30.

A change to subheading 3102.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3102.40 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3102.30.

A change to subheading 3102.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3102.60 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2834.29 or 3102.30.

[Rule deleted.]

A change to subheading 3102.80 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3102.10 or 3102.30.

10.

(A) A change to calcium cyanamide of subheading 3102.90 from subheading, or from other goods of subheading 3102.90;

or

(B) A change to any other goods of subheading 3102.90 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheading 3103.10 from any other subheading.

12.

(A) A change to basic slag of subheading 3103.90 from any other goods of subheading 3103.90 or from any other subheading;

or

(B) A change to any other goods of subheading 3103.90 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheadings 3104.20 through 3104.30 from any other subheading.

14.

(A) A change to carnallite, sylvite or other crude natural potassium salts of subheading 3104.90 from any other subheading

or from other goods of subheading 3104.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 3104.90 except to carnallite, sylvite or other crude natural potassium salts from any other heading.

15. A change to subheading 3105.10 from any other chapter.

16. A change to subheading 3105.20 from any other heading, except from headings 3102 through 3104.

17. A change to subheadings 3105.30 through 3105.40 from any other subheading.

18. A change to subheadings 3105.51 through 3105.59 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3102.10 through

3103.90 or 3105.30 through 3105.40.

19. A change to subheading 3105.60 from any other subheading, except from headings 3103 through 3104.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.399

Australia

20. A change to subheading 3105.90 from any other chapter, except from subheading 2834.21.

Chapter 32.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 3201.10 through 3202.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3203 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.17 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3204.19 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.17.

A change to subheadings 3204.20 through 3204.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3205 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 3206.11 through 3206.42 from any subheading outside that group.

(A) A change to concentrated dispersions of pigments in plastics materials of subheading 3206.49 from any other chapter;

or

(B) A change to pigments or preparations based on cadmium compounds of subheading 3206.49 from any other good, except
from pigments or preparations based on hexacyanoferrates of subheading 3206.49 or subheadings 3206.11 through
3206.42; or

(C) A change to pigments or preparations based on hexacyanoferrates of subheading 3206.49 from any other good, except
from pigments and preparations based on cadmium compounds of subheading 3206.49 or subheadings 3206.11 through
3206.42; or

(D) A change to other goods of subheading 3206.49 from any other subheading.

9.

A change to subheading 3206.50 from any other subheading.

10. A change to headings 3207 through 3213 from any other chapter.

11. A change to subheadings 3214.10 through 3214.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3824.50.

12. A change to heading 3215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 33.

1.

A change to subheading 3301.12 from any other subheading.

1A.

(A) A change to essential oils of bergamot or lime of subheading 3301.19 from any other good; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 3301.19 from essential oils of bergamot or lime of subheading 3301.19 or from

any other subheading.

1B. A change to subheadings 3301.24 through 3301.25 from any other subheading.

1C.

(A) A change to essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver of subheading 3301.29 from any other

good; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 3301.29 from essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver

or from any other subheading.

1D. A change to subheadings 3301.30 through 3301.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.400

Australia

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 3302 from any other heading, except from subheading 2106.90 or headings 2207, 2208 or 3301.

A change to heading 3303 from any other heading, except from subheading 3302.90.

A change to subheadings 3304.10 through 3306.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3306.20 from any other subheading, except from chapter 54.

A change to subheadings 3306.90 through 3307.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 34.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 3401 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3402.11 from any other subheading, except from mixed alkylbenzenes of 3817.

A change to subheadings 3402.12 through 3402.19 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3402.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3402.90.

A change to subheading 3402.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3403.11 through 3403.19 from any other subheading, except from headings 2710 or 2712.

A change to subheadings 3403.91 through 3404.20 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3404.20 from any other subheading.

8A.

(A) A change to artificial waxes or prepared waxes of chemically modified lignite of subheading 3404.90 from any other good

of subheading 3404.90 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3404.90 from artificial waxes or prepared waxes of chemically modified lignite

of subheading 3404.90 or any other subheading.

9.

A change to subheadings 3405.10 through 3405.90 from any other subheading.

10. A change to headings 3406 through 3407 from any other heading.

Chapter 35.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 3501.10 through 3501.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from heading 0407.

A change to subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3503 through 3504 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3505.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3505.20 from any other subheading, except from heading 1108.

A change to subheading 3506.10 from any other subheading, except from heading 3503 or subheading 3501.90.

A change to subheadings 3506.91 through 3506.99 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3507 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.401

Australia

Chapter 36.

1.

A change to headings 3601 through 3606 from any other heading.

Chapter 37.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 3701 through 3703 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 3704 through 3706 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3707.10 through 3707.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 38.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 3801.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3801.20 from any other subheading, except from heading 2504 or subheading 3801.10.

A change to subheading 3801.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3801.90 from any other subheading, except from heading 2504.

A change to headings 3802 through 3804 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3805 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3808.50 through 3808.99 from any other subheading, provided that 50 percent by weight of the
active ingredient or ingredients is originating.

A change to heading 3807 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3808.10 through 3808.90 from any other subheading, provided that 50 percent by weight of the
active ingredient or ingredients is originating.

10. A change to subheading 3809.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3505.10.

11. A change to subheadings 3809.91 through 3809.93 from any other subheading.

12. A change to headings 3810 through 3816 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to heading 3817 from any other heading, except from subheading 2902.90; or

(B) A change to mixed alkylbenzenes of heading 3817 from mixed alkylnaphthalenes of heading 3817; or

(C) A change to mixed alkylnapththalenes of heading 3817 to mixed alkylbenzenes of heading 3817.

14. A change to heading 3818 from any other heading.

15. A change to heading 3819 from any other heading, except from heading 2710.

16. A change to heading 3820 from any other heading, except from subheading 2905.31.

17. A change to heading 3821 from any other heading.

18. A change to heading 3822 from any other heading, except from subheadings 3002.10 or 3502.90 or heading 3504.

19. A change to subheadings 3823.11 through 3823.13 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.402

Australia

20. A change to subheading 3823.19 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheading 3823.70 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

22. A change to subheading 3824.10 from any other subheading.

23. A change to subheading 3824.30 from any other subheading, except from heading 2849.

24.

(A) A change to subheadings 3824.40 through 3824.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

25. A change to subheadings 3825.10 through 3825.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 39.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 3901 through 3915 from any other heading, provided that the originating polymer content is no less than
50 percent by weight of the total polymer content.

A change to subheadings 3916.10 through 3918.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 3920.10 through 3921.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3922 through 3926 from any other heading.

Chapter 40.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.22 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 4001.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 4001.21 or 4001.22.

A change to subheading 4001.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 4002.11 through 4002.70 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 4002.80 through 4002.99 from any other subheading, provided that the domestic rubber content is
no less than 40 percent by weight of the total rubber content.

A change to headings 4003 through 4004 from any other heading.

A change to heading 4005 from any other heading, except from headings 4001 or 4002.

A change to headings 4006 through 4017 from any other heading.

Chapter 41.

1.

2.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4101 which have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process which is

reversible from any other good of heading 4101 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4101 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4102 which have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process which is

reversible from any other good of heading 4102 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4102 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.403

Australia

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4103 which have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process which is

reversible from any other good of heading 4103 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4103 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4104 from any other heading except from hides or skins of heading 4101 which have undergone a tanning
(including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible, or from heading 4107.

(A) A change to heading 4105 from any other heading except from hides or skins of heading 4102 which have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible, or from heading 4112; or

(B) A change to heading 4105 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4106 from any other heading except from hides or skins of heading 4103 which have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible or from heading 4113; or

(B) A change to heading 4106 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91.

(A) A change to heading 4107 from any other heading except from hides or skins of heading 4101 which have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible or from heading 4104; or

(B) A change to heading 4107 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.90.

(A) A change to heading 4112 from any other heading except from hides or skins of heading 4102 which have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible or from heading 4105; or

(B) A change to heading 4112 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4113 from any other heading except from hides or skins of heading 4103 which have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible or from heading 4106; or

(B) A change to heading 4113 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.90.

10. A change to subheadings 4114.10 through 4115.20 from any other subheading.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 4201 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4202.11 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheadings 4202.19 through 4202.21 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheadings 4202.29 through 4202.31 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 4202.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

8.

A change to subheadings 4202.39 through 4202.91 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.404

Australia

9.

A change to subheading 4202.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

10. A change to subheading 4202.99 from any other chapter.

11. A change to subheadings 4203.10 through 4203.29 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheadings 4203.30 through 4203.40 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to goods of a kind used in machinery or mechanical appliances or for other technical uses of heading 4205

from any other heading or from other goods of heading 4205; or

(B) A change to other goods of heading 4205 from any other heading.

14. A change to heading 4206 from any other heading.

Chapter 43.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4301 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4302 through 4304 from any other heading.

Chapter 44.

1.

A change to headings 4401 through 4421 from any other heading.

Chapter 45.

1.

A change to headings 4501 through 4504 from any other heading.

Chapter 46.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4602 from any other heading.

Chapter 47.

1.

A change to headings 4701 through 4707 from any other heading.

Chapter 48.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 4801 through 4816 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4817 through 4822 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 4823 from any other chapter.

Chapter 49.

1.

A change to headings 4901 through 4911 from any other chapter.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.405

Australia

3.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5405 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5309 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to headings 5310 through 5311 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10, or from any other
chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509
through 5510.

A change to heading 5408 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509
through 5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

A change to subheadings 5501.10 through 5510.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401
through 5405.

1A. A change to subheading 5510.90 from subheading 5504.10 or from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through

5203 or 5401 through 5405.

1B. A change to heading 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through 5405.

2.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.406

Australia

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5308 or 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

A change to headings 5801 through 5811 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5306
through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212 or 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

A change to headings 6001 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52,
headings 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 61.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in subheadings 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics
identified in the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits,
suit-type jackets, skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished
in the territory of Australia or of the United States:

headings 5111 through 5112 or subheadings 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59,
5211.31 through 5211.59, 5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through
5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24,
5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through
5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10,
6001.92, 6005.31 through 6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply
to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements
set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible lining

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.407

Australia

fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the
garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.20 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or both of the parties, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

2.

A change to goods of wool or fine animal hair of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of the United States or of Australia,
and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

2A. A change to other goods of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of the United States or
of Australia.

3.

A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

4.

5.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both.

(A) A change to suits containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk waste subheading 6103.10 or suits of other textile
materials n.e.s. of subheading 6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or both of
the parties; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheadings 6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(1)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or both of the parties,
and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

61.

6.

A change to tariff items 6103.19.60 or 6103.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.408

Australia

7.

A change to subheadings 6103.22 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or both of the parties, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton or man-made fibres, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

8.

9.

[Rule deleted.]

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

10. A change to tariff items 6103.39.40 or 6103.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 53.07 through 53.08 or 53.10 through 53.11, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

11. A change to subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 53.07
through 53.08 or 53.10 through 53.11, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

12. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

13. A change to subheading 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or both of the parties, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

14. A change in tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

15. A change to subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.409

Australia

16. A change to subheadings 6104.21 through 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104, or a skirt described

in heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, that is imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1
for chapter 61.

17. A change to subheadings 6104.31 through 6104.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

18. A change to tariff items 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or
both.

19. A change to subheading 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

20. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

21. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

22. A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

23. A change to subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.410

Australia

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

24. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

25. A change to headings 6105 through 6106 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both.

26. A change to subheadings 6107.11 through 6107.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

27. A change to subheading 6107.21 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband
or elastic, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia
or of the United States, or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to
shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both.

28. A change to subheadings 6107.22 through 6107.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

29. A change to subheadings 6108.11 through 6108.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

30. A change to subheading 6108.21 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of waistband, elastic or
lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of
the United States, or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to
shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheadings 6108.22 through 6108.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

32. A change to subheading 6108.31 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband,
elastic or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
Australia or of the United States, or both; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.411

Australia

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to
shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheadings 6108.32 through 6108.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

34. A change to subheadings 6108.91 through 6108.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

35. A change to headings 6109 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both.

36. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

37. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made
fibers, that is imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article
must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

38. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

39. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both.

Chapter 62.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in subheadings 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics
identified in the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits,
suit-type jackets, skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished
in the territory of Australia or of the United States:

headings 5111 through 5112 or subheadings 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59,
5211.31 through 5211.59, 5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through
5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24,
5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.412

Australia

5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10,
6001.92, 6005.31 through 6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: Apparel goods of this chapter shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly
of one or more of the following:

(A) velveteen fabrics of subheading 5801.23, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton;

(B) corduroy fabrics of subheading 5801.22, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton and containing more than 7.5

wales per centimeter;

(C)

fabrics of subheading 5111.11 or 5111.19, if hand-woven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven in the United Kingdom
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Association, Ltd., and so certified by the Association;

(D)

fabrics of subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 grams per square meter, containing wool, not less than 20 per
cent by weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 per cent by weight of man-made staple fibers; or

(E) batiste fabrics of subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single yarns exceeding 76 metric count, containing
between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of a weight not exceeding 110 grams per square meter.

Chapter rule 3: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply
to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements
set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible lining
fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the
garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

2.

3.

4.

5.

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or
both.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or
both.

A change to subheadings 6202.11 through 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.413

Australia

6.

7.

8.

9.

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or
both.

A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or
both.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

10. A change to tariff items 6203.19.50 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

11. A change to subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

12. A change to subheadings 6203.22 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or both of the parties, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton or man-made fibres, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

13. A change to subheadings 6203.31 through 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.414

Australia

14. A change to tariff items 6203.39.50 or 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

15. A change to subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

16. A change to subheadings 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

17. A change to subheadings 6204.11 through 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

18. A change to tariff items 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

19. A change to subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

20. A change to subheadings 6204.21 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204 or a skirt described

in heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, that is imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1
for chapter 62.

21. A change to subheadings 6204.31 through 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.415

Australia

22. A change to tariff items 6204.39.60 or 6204.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

23. A change to subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

24. A change to subheadings 6204.41 through 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

25. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

26. A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or
both.

27. A change to subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

28. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

29.

[Rule deleted.]

Subheading rule: Men's or boys' shirts of cotton or man-made fibers shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and
assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars
or cuffs, is wholly of one or more of the following:

(A)

fabrics of subheading 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42, 5208.49, 5208.51,
5208.52 or 5208.59, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(B)

fabrics of subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks
per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(C)

fabrics of subheading 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks
per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.416

Australia

(D)

fabrics of subheading 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks
per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

(E)

fabrics of subheading 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 grams per square meter, having a dobby
weave created by a dobby attachment;

(F)

fabrics of subheading 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks
per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

(G)

fabrics of subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per square
centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric;

(H)

fabrics of subheading 5208.41, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than 85 warp ends and
filling picks per square centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric, and characterized
by a check effect produced by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling; or

(I)

fabrics of subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored with
vegetable dyes, of average yarn number greater than 65 metric.

30. A change to subheadings 6205.20 through 6205.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

31. A change to subheading 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or
both.

32. A change to headings 6206 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United
States, or both.

33. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

34. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made
fibers, that is imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article
must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

35. A change to subheadings 6211.32 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or both of the
parties.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.417

Australia

36. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both; and provided that, during each annual period, such goods of a
producer or an entity controlling production shall be eligible for preferential treatment under this note only if the aggregate cost
of fabric(s) (exclusive of findings and trimmings) formed in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both, that is used
in the production of all such articles of that producer or entity during the preceding annual period is at least 75 percent of the
aggregate declared customs value of the fabric (exclusive of findings and trimmings) contained in all such goods of that producer
or entity that are entered during the preceding one year period.

37. A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the
United States, or both.

38. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United
States, or both.

Chapter 63.

Chapter rule 1: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply
to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good, and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements
set out in the rule for that good.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheading 6301.20 from subheadings 5108.10.40 or 5108.20.40 or from any other chapter, except from headings
5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516,
5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Australia or of the United States, or both.

A change to heading 6301 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both.

A change to heading 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both.

A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5113, 5204 through 52.12, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516,
5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Australia or of the United States, or both.

A change to heading 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both.

A change to headings 6304 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia
or of the United States, or both.

7.

A change to heading 6309 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.418

Australia

8.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Australia or of the United States,
or both.

Chapter 64.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheading 6401.10 from any other heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading
6406.10, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the build-down method.

(A) A change to ski-boots and snowboard boots of subheading 6401.92 from any heading outside headings 6401 through

6405, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method;

(B) A change to footwear, other than ski-boots and snowboard boots, having soles and uppers of which over 90 percent of
the external surface area (including any accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter
64) is polyvinyl chloride, whether or not supported or lined with polyvinyl chloride but not otherwise supported or lined,
of subheading 6401.92 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method;

(C) A change to any other footwear of subheading 6401.92 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except
from subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the
build-down method.

[Rule deleted.]

(A) A change to footwear of subheading 6401.99 designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against
water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405,
except from subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on
the build-down method;

(B) A change to footwear of subheading 6401.99, other than footwear designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear
as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather, having uppers of which over 90
percent of the external surface area (including any accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a)
to chapter 64 of the tariff schedule) is rubber or plastic (except footwear having foxing or foxing-like band applied or
molded at the sole and overlapping the upper) of subheading 6401.99 from any heading outside headings 6401 through
6405, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to any other footwear of subheading 6401.99 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except
from subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the
build-down method.

A change to subheadings 6402.12 through 6402.20 from any heading outside heading 6401 through 6405, provided that there
is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

(A) A change to footwear incorporating a protective metal toe-cap, having uppers of which over 90 percent of the external

surface area (including any accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is rubber
or plastics (except such footwear having foxing or a foxing-like band applied or molded at the sole and overlapping the
upper and except such footwear designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against water, oil,
grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather) of subheading 6402.91 from any heading outside headings 6401
through 6405, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(B) A change to footwear incorporating a protective metal toe-cap, designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as
a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather of subheading 6402.91 from any heading
outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a regional value content
of not less than 55 percent based on the build-down method; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.419

Australia

(C) A change to any other footwear of subheading 6402.91 valued not over $3/pair, from any other heading outside headings
6401 through 6405, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(D) A change to any other footwear of subheading 6402.91 valued over $3/pair but not over $12/pair, from any other heading
outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than 55 percent based on the build-down method; or

(E) A change to any other footwear of subheading 6402.91, valued over $12/pair, from any other heading outside headings
6401 through 6405, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

7.

(A) A change to footwear having uppers of which over 90 percent of the external surface area (including any accessories or

reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is rubber or plastics except (1) footwear having a
foxing or foxing-like band applied or molded at the sole and overlapping the upper and (2) except footwear (other than
footwear having uppers which from a point 3 cm above the top of the outer sole are entirely of non-molded construction
formed by sewing the parts together and having exposed on the outer surface a substantial portion of the functional
stitching) designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals
or cold or inclement weather of subheading 6402.91 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, provided
that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method; or

(B) A change to footwear designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or
chemicals or cold or inclement weather of subheading 6402.91, from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405,
except from subheading 6406.10, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the
build-down method; or

(C) A change to other footwear of subheading 6402.91, valued not over $6.50/pair, from any heading outside headings 6401
through 6405, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method and
45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(D) A change to other footwear of subheading 6402.91, valued over $6.50/pair, from any heading outside headings 6401
through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent
based on the build-down method.

8.

(A) A change to footwear incorporating a protective metal toe-cap, having uppers of which over 90 percent of the external

surface area (including any accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is rubber
or plastics (except footwear having foxing or a foxing-like band applied or molded at the sole and overlapping the upper
and except footwear designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or
chemicals or cold or inclement weather) of subheading 6402.99 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405,
provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method; or

(B) A change to footwear incorporating a protective metal toe-cap, designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as
a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather of subheading 6402.99 from any heading
outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a regional value content
of not less than 55 percent based on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to any other footwear of subheading 6402.99 valued not over $3/pair, from any other heading outside headings
6401 through 6405, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(D) A change to any other footwear of subheading 6402.99 valued over $3/pair but not over $12/pair, from any other heading
outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than 55 percent based on the build-down method; or

(E) A change to any other footwear of subheading 6402.99, valued over $12/pair, from any other heading outside headings
6401 through 6405, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.420

Australia

8A.

(A) A change to other footwear having uppers of which over 90 percent of the external surface area (including any accessories

or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is rubber or plastics (except footwear having a
foxing or foxing-like band applied or molded at the sole and overlapping the upper and except footwear designed to be
worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather)
of subheading 6402.99 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based onthe build-down method; or

(B) A change to other footwear designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease
or chemicals or cold or inclement weather of subheading 6402.99 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405,
except subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the
build-down method; or

(C) A change to other footwear with open toes or open heels; footwear of the slip-on type, that is held to the foot without the
use of laces or buckles or other fasteners (except footwear designed to be worn over,or in lieu of, other footwear as
protection against water, grease, or chemicals or cold or inclement weather and except footwear having a foxing-like
band wholly or almost wholly of rubber or plastics applied or molded at the sole and overlapping the upper) of subheading
6402.99 from any heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, provided that there is a regional value content of not
less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(D) A change to other footwear of subheading 6402.99 valued not over $6.50/pair, from any heading outside headings 6401
through 6405, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method; or

(E) A change to other footwear of subheading 6402.99 valued over $6.50/pair, from any heading outside headings 6401

through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent
based on the build-down method.

9.

A change to heading 6403 from any other heading outside heading 6401 through 6405, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

10.

(A) A change to footwear of subheading 6404.11 having uppers of which over 50 percent of the external surface area (including

any leather accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64 of the tariff schedule) is
leather from any heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method;

(B) A change to other footwear of subheading 6404.11 valued not over $12/pair, from any heading, provided there is a regional
value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method;
or

(C) A change to other footwear of subheading 6404.11 valued over $12/pair from any heading, except from subheading

6406.10, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the build-down method.

11.

(A) A change to footwear of subheading 6404.19 having uppers of which over 50 percent of the external surface area (including

any leather accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64 of the tariff schedule) is
leather from any heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method;

(B) A change to footwear of subheading 6404.19 designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against
water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather from any heading, except from subheading 6406.10, provided
that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent based on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to any other footwear of subheading 6404.19 from any heading, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 6404.20 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35

percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

13. A change to heading 6405 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.421

Australia

14. A change to subheading 6406.10 from any other subheading, except from headings 6401 through 6405, provided that there
is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

15. A change to subheadings 6406.20 through 6406.99 from any other chapter.

Chapter 65.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 6501 through 6502 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 6504 through 6506 from any other heading, except from headings 6504 through 6507.

A change to heading 6507 from any other heading.

Chapter 66.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6601 from any other heading, except from a combination of both: (a) subheading 6603.20; and (b)
headings 3920 through 3921, 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408, 5512
through 5516, 5602 through 5603, 5801 through 5811, 5901 through 5911 or 6001 through 6002.

A change to heading 6602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 67.

1.

(A) A change to heading 6701 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to articles of feathers or down of heading 6701 from any other product, including a product in that heading.

2.

A change to headings 6702 through 6704 from any other heading.

Chapter 68.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 6801 through 6811 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 6812.80 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 6812.91 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 6812.92 through 6812.93 from any other subheading outside that group.

4A. A change to subheading 6812.99 from any other heading.

5.

A change to headings 6813 through 6815 from any other heading.

Chapter 69.

1.

A change to headings 6901 through 6914 from any other chapter.

Chapter 70.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 7001 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.20 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.422

Australia

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 7002.31 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7002.32 through 7002.39 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 7003.12 through 7003.20 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7006.

A change to subheading 7003.30 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

A change to subheading 7004.20 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

A change to subheading 7004.90 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7006.

10. A change to subheading 7005.10 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7006.

11. A change to subheadings 7005.21 through 7005.29 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

12. A change to subheading 7005.30 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7006.

13. A change to heading 7006 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

14. A change to heading 7007 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

15. A change to heading 7008 from any other heading.

16. A change to subheading 7009.10 from any other subheading.

17. A change to subheadings 7009.91 through 7009.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7009.

18. A change to headings 7010 through 7018 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7018 or glass inners

for vacuum flasks or other vacuum vessels of heading 7020.

19. A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7020.

20. A change to heading 7020 from any other heading.

Chapter 71.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 7101 from any other heading, except from heading 0307.

A change to headings 7102 through 7103 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7104 through 7105 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7106 through 7111 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7112 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7113 through 7117 from any other heading, except from headings 7113 through 7118.

A change to heading 7118 from any other heading.

Chapter 72.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7201 through 7205 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7206 through 7207 from any heading outside that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.423

Australia

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7208 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7209 through 7212 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7216.

A change to heading 7213 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7214 through 7215 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7216.

A change to heading 7216 from any other heading, except from headings 7208 through 7215.

A change to heading 7217 from any other heading, except from headings 7213 through 7215.

A change to heading 7218 from any other heading.

10. A change to headings 7219 through 7220 from any other heading outside that group.

11. A change to headings 7221 through 7223 from any other heading, except from headings 7221 through 7222.

12. A change to heading 7224 from any other heading.

13. A change to headings 7225 through 7226 from any other heading outside that group.

14. A change to headings 7227 through 7229 from any other heading, except from headings 7227 through 7228.

Chapter 73.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

(A) A change to headings 7301 through 7307 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to a product of subheading 7304.41 having an external diameter of less than 19 mm from subheading 7304.49.

A change to heading 7308 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed on
angles, shapes, or sections classified in heading 7216:

(A) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering, or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(B) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(C) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(D) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H- sections or I-sections, provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(E) painting, galvanizing, or otherwise coating; or

(F) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching, or

cutting, to create an article suitable as a column.

A change to headings 7309 through 7311 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7312 through 7314 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from subheading 7315.19, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.424

Australia

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7316 from any other heading, except from headings 7312 or 7315.

10. A change to headings 7317 through 7318 from any heading outside that group.

11. A change to headings 7319 through 7320 from any other heading, including from another heading within that group.

12.

(A) A change to subheadings 7321.11 through 7321.89 from any other heading, including another heading within that group;

or

(B) A change to subheadings 7321.11 through 7321.89 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 7321.90, provided that there is regional value content

of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

14. A change to headings 7322 through 7323 from any heading outside that group.

15.

(A) A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29, provided that there is a
regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

16. A change to subheading 7324.90 from any other heading.

17. A change to subheadings 7325.10 through 7326.20 from any subheading outside that group.

18. A change to subheading 7326.90 from any other heading, except from heading 7325.

Chapter 74.

1.

A change to headings 7401 through 7403 from any other heading.

2. No change in tariff classification required for goods of heading 7404, provided that the waste and scrap are wholly obtained

or produced entirely in Australia or the United States or the territory of Australia or of the United States as defined in this note.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 7405 through 7407 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7408 from any other heading except from heading 7407.

A change to heading 7409 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7410 from any other heading, except from plate, sheet, or strip classified in heading 7409 of a thickness
less than 5 mm.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.425

Australia

7.

8.

A change to headings 7411 through 7418 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7419 from any other heading.

Chapter 75.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7501 through 7505 from any other heading, including from another heading within that group.

(A) A change to heading 7506 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to foil, not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness, from any other good of heading 7506, provided that there has been

a reduction in thickness of no less than 50 percent.

3.

A change to subheadings 7507.11 through 7508.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 76.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7603 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7604 from any other heading except from headings 7605 through 7606.

A change to heading 7605 from any other heading, except from heading 7604.

A change to subheading 7606.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.12 from any other heading except from headings 7604 through 7606.

A change to subheading 7606.91 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

10. A change to heading 7607 from any other heading.

11. A change to headings 7608 through 7609 from any other heading outside that group.

12. A change to headings 7610 through 7613 from any other heading, including from another heading within that group.

13. A change to subheading 7614.10 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheading 7614.90 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7605.

15. A change to heading 7615 from any other heading.

16. A change to subheading 7616.10 from any other heading.

17. A change to subheadings 7616.91 through 7616.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 78

1.

2.

A change to headings 7801 through 7802 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7804 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.426

Australia

3.

(A) A change to bars, rods, profiles or wire of heading 7806 from other goods of heading 7806 or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 7806 from other goods of heading 7806 or from any other

heading; or

(C) A change to other goods of heading 7806 from any other heading.

Chapter 79.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 7901 through 7902 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7904 through 7905 from any other heading, including from another heading within that group.

(A) A change to tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 7907 from other goods of heading 7907 or from any other

heading; or

(B) A change to other goods of heading 7907 from any other heading.

Chapter 80.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 8001 through 8002 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 8003 from any other heading.

(A) A change to plates, sheet or strip (including foil) of tin of heading 8007 from other goods of heading 8007 or from any

other heading; or

(B) A change to tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 8007 from other goods of heading 8007 or from any other

heading; or

(C) A change to other goods of heading 8007 from any other heading.

Chapter 81.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 8101.10 through 8101.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8101.96 from any other subheading, except from bars and rods of subheading 8101.99.

[Rule deleted.]

A change to subheading 8101.97 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to bars, rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering), profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading

8101.99 from any other good of subheading 8101.99 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8109.99 from bars, rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering),

profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading 8101.99 or any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 8102.10 through 8102.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8102.95 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8102.96 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8102.95.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.427

Australia

9.

A change to subheading 8102.97 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 8102.99 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8103.20 through 8103.30 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheading 8103.90 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheadings 8104.11 through 8104.20 from any other chapter.

14. A change to subheadings 8104.30 through 8104.90 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheadings 8105.20 through 8105.30 from any other chapter.

16. A change to subheading 8105.90 from any other subheading.

17.

(A) A change to heading 8106 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of heading 8106, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

18. A change to subheading 8107.20 from any other chapter.

19. A change to subheading 8107.30 from any other chapter.

20. A change to subheading 8107.90 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheadings 8108.20 through 8108.30 from any other chapter.

22. A change to subheading 8108.90 from any other subheading.

23. A change to subheadings 8109.20 through 8109.30 from any other chapter.

24. A change to subheading 8109.90 from any other subheading.

25.

(A) A change to headings 8110 through 8111 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of headings 8110 through 8111, provided that there is a regional

value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

26. A change to subheadings 8112.12 through 8112.13 from any other chapter.

27. A change to subheading 8112.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than

35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

28.

(A) A change to subheadings 8112.21 through 8112.59 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheadings 8112.21 through 8112.59, provided that there is a
regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

29.

(A) A change to unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium waste, scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92

from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium
waste, scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent
based on the build-up method or 45 percent build-down method; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.428

Australia

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.92 from any other chapter.

30.

(A) A change to articles of vanadium or germanium of subheading 8112.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of germanium or vanadium, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent on the build-up method or 45 percent on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.99 from articles of germanium or vanadium of subheading 8112.99 or from

any other subheading.

31.

(A) A change to heading 8113 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of heading 8113, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Chapter 82.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 8201 through 8206 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 8207.13 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8207.13 from heading 8209 or subheading 8207.19, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8207.19 through 8207.90 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to headings 8208 through 8215 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8211.91 through 8211.93 from subheading 8211.95, whether or not there is also a change from

another chapter, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Chapter 83.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from subheading 8301.60, whether or not there is also a change from
any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

2.

(A) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheadings 8301.60 through 8301.70 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8302 through 8304 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8305.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8306.10 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.429

Australia

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 8306.21 through 8306.30 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8307 from any other heading.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

11. A change to subheading 8308.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to headings 8309 through 8310 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 8311.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 84.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8401.40 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.11 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.19 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8402.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8403.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8403.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 8404.10 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.430

Australia

11.

(A) A change to subheading 8404.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8404.20 from subheading 8404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 8404.90 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheading 8405.10 from any other subheading.

14. A change to subheading 8405.90 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheading 8406.10 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheadings 8406.81 through 8406.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

17.

(A) A change to subheading 8406.90 from any other heading; or

(B) With no required change in tariff classification, a change to rotors, finished for final assembly, from rotors, not further

advanced than cleaned or machined for removal of fins, gates, sprues, and risers, or to permit location in finishing
machinery of subheading 8406.90 from any other product; or

(C) With no required change in tariff classification, a change to blades, rotating or stationary, of subheading 8406.90 from

any other product, including a product from that subheading.

18. A change to subheadings 8407.10 through 8407.29 from any other heading.

19.

(A) A change to subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34, provided that there is a

regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

20. A change to subheading 8407.90 from any other heading.

21. A change to subheading 8408.10 from any other heading.

22.

(A) A change to subheading 8408.20 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8408.20, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

23. A change to subheading 8408.90 from any other heading.

24. For goods of heading 8409, no change in tariff classification is required, provided that the good must have a regional value

content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

25. A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from any other subheading outside that group.

26. A change to subheading 8410.90 from any other heading.

27. A change to subheadings 8411.11 through 8411.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

28. A change to subheadings 8411.91 through 8411.99 from any other heading.

29. A change to subheadings 8412.10 through 8412.80 from any other subheading.

30. A change to subheading 8412.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.431

Australia

31. A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from any other subheading.

32.

(A) A change to subheadings 8413.91 through 8413.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 8413.92, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent under the build-up method or 45 percent under the build-down method.

33. A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from any other subheading, including another subheading within that

group.

34.

(A) A change to subheading 8414.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8414.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

35. A change to subheadings 8415.10 through 8415.83 from any other subheading.

36.

(A) A change to subheading 8415.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to chassis, chassis blades and outer cabinets of subheading 8415.90 from any other product, including a product

in that subheading.

37. A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8417.80 from any other subheading.

38. A change to subheading 8417.90 from any other heading.

39. A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.99 from any other subheading.

40.

(A) A change to subheadings 8419.11 through 8419.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8419.11 through 8419.89 from subheading 8419.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

41.

(A) A change to subheading 8419.90 any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8419.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

42. A change to subheading 8420.10 from any other subheading.

43. A change to subheadings 8420.91 through 8420.99 from any other heading.

44. A change to subheadings 8421.11 through 8421.39 from any other subheading.

45.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.91 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8421.91, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

46.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8421.99, provided that there is regional value content

of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

47. A change to subheadings 8422.11 through 8422.40 from any other subheading.

48.

(A) A change to subheading 8422.90 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.432

Australia

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8422.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

49. A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.89 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheading 8423.90 from any other heading.

51. A change to subheadings 8424.10 through 8430.69 from any other subheading.

52.

(A) A change to heading 8431 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheadings 8431.10, 8431.31, 8431.39, 8431.43 or 8431.49, provided that

there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the
build-down method.

53. A change to subheadings 8432.10 through 8438.80 from any other subheading.

54. A change to subheading 8438.90 from any other heading.

55. A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8441.80 from any other subheading.

56.

(A) A change to subheading 8441.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8441.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

57. A change to subheading 8442.30 from any other subheading.

58. A change to subheadings 8442.40 through 8442.50 from any other heading.

59.

(A) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from machines

for uses ancillary to printing in subheading 8443.91; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.19 from machines for uses ancillary to printing in subheading 8443.91,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

60. A change to subheading 8443.31 from any other subheading.

61.

(A) A change from any other subheading, except from machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.99; or

(B) A change to subheading 8443.32 from machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.99, provided there is
a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

(C) A change to subheading 8443.39 from any other subheading.

61A. (A) A change to machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91 from any other good of subheading 8443.91

or from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8443.91 from any other heading.

61B. (A) A change to subheading 8443.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less 35 percent based on

the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

62. A change to heading 8444 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.433

Australia

63. A change to headings 8445 through 8447 from any other heading outside that group.

64. A change to subheadings 8448.11 through 8448.19 from any other subheading.

65. A change to subheadings 8448.20 through 8448.59 from any other heading.

66. A change to heading 8449 from any other heading.

67.

(A) A change to subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20 from subheading 8450.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

68. A change to subheading 8450.90 from any other heading.

69. A change to subheadings 8451.10 through 8451.80 from any other subheading.

70. A change to subheading 8451.90 from any other heading.

71. A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

72. A change to subheadings 8452.30 through 8452.40 from any other subheading.

73. A change to subheading 8452.90 from any other heading.

74. A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from any other subheading.

75. A change to subheading 8453.90 from any other heading.

76. A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from any other subheading.

77. A change to subheading 8454.90 from any other heading.

78. A change to subheadings 8455.10 through 8455.90 from any other subheading.

79. A change to headings 8456 through 8463 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 65 percent based on the build-down method.

80. A change to headings 8464 through 8465 from any other heading.

81. A change to heading 8466 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

82. A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.89 from any other subheading.

83. A change to subheading 8467.91 from any other heading.

84. A change to subheadings 8467.92 through 8467.99 from any other heading, except from heading 8407.

85. A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from any other subheading.

86. A change to subheading 8468.90 from any other heading.

87.

(A) A change from any other subheading, except from machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.99; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.434

Australia

(B) A change to subheading 8443.32 from machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.99, provided there is
a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

(C) A change to subheading 8443.39 from any other subheading.

88.

(A) A change to machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91 from any other good of subheading 8443.91

or from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8443.91 from any other heading.

88A. (A) A change to subheading 8443.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less 35 percent based on

the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

89. A change to subheadings 8470.10 through 8473.50 from any other subheading.

90. A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

91.

(A) A change to subheading 8474.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8474.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

92. A change to subheading 8475.10 from any other subheading.

93. A change to subheadings 8475.21 through 8475.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

94. A change to subheading 8475.90 from any other heading.

95. A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from any other subheading outside that group.

96. A change to subheading 8476.90 from any other heading.

97.

(A) A change to heading 8477 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35

percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8477.10 through 8477.80 from subheading 8477.90, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

98. A change to subheading 8478.10 from any other subheading.

99. A change to subheading 8478.90 from any other heading.

100. A change to subheadings 8479.10 through 8479.90 from any other subheading.

101. A change to heading 8480 from any other heading.

102. (A) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from subheading 8481.90, whether or not there is also a change from
another heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

103. A change to subheading 8481.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.435

Australia

104. (A) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from any subheading outside that group, except from inner or outer

rings or races of subheading 8482.99; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from inner or outer rings or races of subheading 8482.99 whether or
not there is also a change from any subheading outside that group, provided that there is a regional value content of not
less than 50 percent based on the build-up method.

105. A change to subheadings 8482.91 through 8482.99 from any other heading.

106. A change to subheading 8483.10 from any other subheading.

107. A change to subheading 8483.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80.

108. (A) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 50 percent based on the build-up method.

109. (A) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through

8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10

through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 50 percent based
on the build-down method.

110. A change to subheading 8483.60 from any other subheading.

111. A change to subheading 8483.90 from any other heading.

112. A change to subheadings 8484.10 through 8484.90 from any other subheading.

113. (A) A change to subheadings 8486.10 through 8486.40 from any other subheading outside that group; or

(B) No change in tariff classification required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based

on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

114. (A) A change to subheading 8486.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change of tariff classification required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based

on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

115. A change to heading 8487 from any other heading.

Chapter 85.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 8501.10 from any other heading, except from stators and rotors of heading 8503; or

(B) A change to subheading 8501.10 from stators and rotors of heading 8503, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to subheadings 8501.20 through 8501.64 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8502 through 8503 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.23 from any subheading outside subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

(A) A change to subheading 8504.31 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.436

Australia

6

7.

8.

9.

(B) A change to subheading 8504.31 from subheading 8504.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8504.32 through 8504.50 from any subheading outside subheading 8504.10 through 8504.50.

A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.20 from any other subheading.

(A) A change electro-magnetic lifting heads of subheading 8505.90 from other goods of subheading 8505.90 or from any

other subheading; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 8505.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheadings 8506.10 through 8506.40 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8506.50 through 8506.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

12. A change to subheading 8506.90 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method.

14. A change to subheadings 8507.20 through 8507.80 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 8507.90 from any other heading.

15A. (A) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

15B. A change to subheading 8508.70 from any other heading.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change

from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 8509.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from any other subheading.

19. A change to subheading 8510.90 from any other heading.

20. A change to subheadings 8511.10 through 8511.80 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheading 8511.90 from any other heading.

22. A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.30 from any other subheading outside that group.

23.

(A) A change to subheading 8512.40 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.437

Australia

(B) A change to subheading 8512.40 from subheading 8512.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,
provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

24. A change to subheading 8512.90 from any other heading.

25.

(A) A change to subheading 8513.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8513.10 from subheading 8513.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

26. A change to subheading 8513.90 from any other heading.

27. A change to subheadings 8514.10 through 8514.40 from any other subheading.

28. A change to subheading 8514.90 from any other heading.

29. A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

30. A change to subheading 8515.90 from any other heading.

31. A change to subheadings 8516.10 through 8516.71 from any other subheading.

32.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.72 from any other subheading, except from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90

or subheading 9032.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.72 from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90 or subheading 9032.10, whether or

not there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method.

33. A change to subheading 8516.79 from any other subheading.

34.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.80 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

35.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8516.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

36. A change to subheadings 8517.11 through 8517.69 from any other subheading.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8517.70 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

38.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

39.

(A) A change to subheading 8518.22 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.438

Australia

(B) A change to subheading 8518.22 from subheadings 8518.29 or 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from any
other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

40

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

41. A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other heading.

42. A change to subheadings 8519.20 through 8521.90 from any other subheading.

43. A change to heading 8522 from any other heading.

44.

(A) A change to heading 8523 from any other heading; or

(B) Recording of sound or other similarly recorded phenomena onto blank or unrecorded media of heading 8523 shall confer

origin whether or not there has been a change in tariff classification.

45. A change to subheadings 8525.50 through 8525.60 from any other subheading outside that group, except from transmission
apparatus of subheadings 8517.61 through 8517.62 and except from transmission apparatus incorporating reception apparatus
of subheadings 8517.12, 8517.61 or 8517.62.

46. A change to subheadings 8525.80 through 8527.99 from any other subheading

47. A change to subheading 8528.41 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheading 8528.49 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8528.59, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

49. A change to subheading 8528.59 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8528.49, 8540.11 or 8528.91.

50. A change to subheading 8528.61 from any other subheading.

51. A change to subheading 8528.69 from any other subheading.

52. A change to subheading 8528.71 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

53. A change to subheading 8528.72 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8528.73, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

54. A change to subheading 8528.73 from any other subheading.

54A. A change to subheading 8528.51 from any other subheading.

55. A change to subheading 8529.10 from any other heading.

56.

(A) A change to subheading 8529.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8517.70; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

57. A change to subheadings 8530.10 through 8530.80 from any other subheading.

58. A change to subheading 8530.90 from any other heading.

59. A change to subheadings 8531.10 through 8531.80 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.439

Australia

60. A change to subheading 8531.90 from any other heading.

61. A change to subheadings 8532.10 through 8532.30 from any other subheading.

62. A change to subheading 8532.90 from any other heading.

63. A change to subheadings 8533.10 through 8533.40 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheading 8533.90 from any other heading.

65. A change to heading 8534 from any other heading.

66. A change to subheadings 8535.10 through 8536.90 from any other subheading.

67. A change to headings 8537 through 8538 from any other heading.

68. A change to subheadings 8539.10 through 8539.21 from any other subheading.

69.

(A) A change to subheading 8539.22 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8539.22 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method.

70.

(A) A change to subheading 8539.29 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8539.29 from subheading 8539.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

71. A change to subheading 8539.31 from any other subheading.

72. A change to subheadings 8539.32 through 8539.39 from any other subheading outside that group.

73. A change to subheadings 8539.41 through 8539.49 from any other subheading outside that group.

74. A change to subheading 8539.90 from any other heading.

75. A change to subheading 8540.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20 or 8540.91.

76. A change to subheading 8540.12 from any other subheading.

77.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.20 from subheadings 8540.91 through 8540.99, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

78. A change to subheadings 8540.40 through 8540.60 from any other subheading outside that group.

79. A change to subheadings 8540.71 through 8540.89 from any other subheading.

80.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.91 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to front panel assemblies of subheading 8540.91 from any other product, including a product in that heading.

81.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.99 from any other subheading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.440

Australia

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheading 8540.99, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

82.

(A) A change to assembled semiconductor devices, integrated circuits or microassemblies of subheading 8541.10 through
8542.90 from unmounted chips, wafers or dice of subheading 8541.10 through 8542.90 or from any other subheading;
or

(B) A change to any other goods of subheading 8541.10 through 8542.90 from any other subheading.

83. A change to subheading 8543.10 from any other subheading, except from ion implanters for doping semiconductor materials

of subheading 8486.20.

84. A change to subheadings 8543.20 through 8543.30 from any other subheading.

85. A change to subheading 8543.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8523.52 or proximity cards and tags

of subheading 8523.59.

86. A change to subheading 8543.90 from any other heading, except from subheading 8486.90.

87. A change to subheading 8544.11 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than

35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

88. A change to subheading 8544.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than

35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

89.

(A) A change to subheading 8544.20 from any subheading except subheading 8544.11 through 8544.60, or heading 7408,

7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.20 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, whether or not there is also a change from
any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the
build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

90. A change to subheadings 8544.30 through 8544.42 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

91.

(A) A change to subheading 8544.49, from any subheading outside subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60, except from

headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.49 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, whether or not there is also a change from
any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the
build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

92. A change to subheadings 8544.60 through 8544.70 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

93. A change to subheadings 8545.11 through 8545.90 from any other subheading.

94. A change to heading 8546 from any other heading.

95. A change to subheadings 8547.10 through 8547.90 from any other subheading.

96. A change to heading 8548 from any other heading.

Chapter 86.

1.

2.

A change to headings 8601 through 8602 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from any other heading, except from heading 8607; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.441

Australia

(B) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provide there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from any subheading from outside that group, and except from subheading
8607.19 when that change is pursuant to general rule of interpretation 2(a).

(A) A change to axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles of subheading 8607.19; and

(B) A change to wheels, whether or not fitted with axles, of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles or parts of wheels of

subheading 8607.19.

A change to subheadings 8607.21 through 8607.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8608 through 8609 from any other heading.

3.

4.

5.

6.

Chapter 87.

1.

A change to headings 8701 through 8705 from any heading outside that group, provided that there is a regional value content
of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

2. No change in tariff classification is required for goods of heading 8706, provided that the good must have a regional value

content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

3.

(A) A change to heading 8707 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of heading 8707, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for goods of subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.99, provided that there is a

regional value content of not less than 50 percent under the net cost method.

5.

(A) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheading 8709.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8710 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 8711 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8711 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method.

9.

(A) A change to heading 8712 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8712 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided
that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on
the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.442

Australia

10. A change to heading 8713 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided that

there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

11. A change to headings 8714 through 8715 from any other heading.

12.

(A) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

13. A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 88.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 8801 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8802.11 through 8803.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 8804 through 8805 from any other heading.

Chapter 89.

1.

(A) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other heading within chapter 89, whether or not there is also a change
from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to heading 8903 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent
based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

(A) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

(B) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other heading within chapter 89, whether or not there is also a change
from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

4.

A change to headings 8906 through 8908 from any other heading.

Chapter 90.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other chapter, except from heading 7002; or

2.

3.

4.

(B) A change to subheading 9001.10 from heading 7002, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 9001.20 through 9001.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9002.11 through 9002.90 from any other heading, except from heading 9001.

(A) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9003.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from subheading 9003.90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.443

Australia

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 9003.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other heading within chapter 90, whether or not there is also a change from
any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method
or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9004.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 9001.40 or 9001.50.

A change to subheading 9005.10 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 9005.80 from any subheading, except from headings 9001 through 9002 or subheading 9005.90;

or

(B) A change to subheading 9005.80 from subheading 9005.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

10. A change to subheading 9005.90 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

12.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.40 from any other heading: or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.40 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.51 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.51 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.52 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.52 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

15.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.53 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.53 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

16.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.59 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.59 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

17.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.61 through 9006.69 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.61 through 9006.69 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

18. A change to subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from any other heading.

19.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.11 through 9007.20 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.444

Australia

(B) A change to subheadings 9007.11 through 9007.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

20.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.91 through 9007.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to subheading 9007.92, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

21.

(A) A change to subheading 9008.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9008.10 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

22.

(A) A change to subheadings 9008.20 through 9008.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9008.20 through 9008.40 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

23. A change to subheading 9008.90 from any other heading.

24.

[Rule deleted.]

25.

[Rule deleted.]

26.

[Rule deleted.]

27.

[Rule deleted.]

28.

[Rule deleted.]

29.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9010.10 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

30.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.50 from any other heading, except from subheadings 8486.20 through 8486.40; or

(B) A change to subheading 9010.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

31.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9010.60 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

32. A change to subheading 9010.90 from any other heading.

33.

(A) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

34. A change to subheading 9011.90 from any other heading.

35.

(A) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.445

Australia

36. A change to subheading 9012.90 from any other heading.

37.

(A) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

38. A change to subheading 9013.90 from any other heading.

39.

(A) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

40. A change to subheading 9014.90 from any other heading.

41.

(A) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

42.

(A) A change to subheading 9015.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification for goods of subheading 9015.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

43. A change to heading 9016 from any other heading.

44.

(A) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9017.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9017.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 30 percent based on the build-up method or 35 percent based on the build-down method.

45. A change to subheading 9017.90 from any other heading.

46.

(A) A change to subheadings 9018.11 through 9021.90 from any subheading, including another subheading within that group;

or

(B) No required change in tariff classification to heading 9018, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than

35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

47.

(A) A change to subheadings 9022.12 through 9022.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9022.12 through 9022.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

48.

(A) A change to subheading 9022.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification for goods of subheading 9022.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(i)

35 percent based on the build-up method; or

(ii)

45 percent based on the build-down method.

49. A change to heading 9023 from any other heading.

50.

(A) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.446

Australia

(B) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

51. A change to subheading 9024.90 from any other heading.

52.

(A) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

53. A change to subheading 9025.90 from any other heading.

54.

(A) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

55. A change to subheading 9026.90 from any other heading.

56.

(A) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

57. A change to subheading 9027.90 from any other heading.

58.

(A) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

59. A change to subheading 9028.90 from any other heading.

60.

(A) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

61. A change to subheading 9029.90 from any other heading.

62. A change to subheadings 9030.10 through 9030.20 from any other subheading.

62A. A change to subheading 9030.32 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9030.84

62B. A change to subheadings 9030.33 through 9030.82 from any other subheading.

62C. A change to subheading 9030.84 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9030.32.

62D. A change to subheading 9030.89 from any other subheading.

63. A change to subheading 9030.90 from any other heading.

64.

(A) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to coordinate measuring machines of subheading 9031.49 from any other product except from bases and

frames for the goods of the same subheading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.447

Australia

(C) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

65. A change to subheading 9031.90 from any other heading.

66.

(A) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

67. A change to subheading 9032.90 from any other heading.

68. A change to heading 9033 from any other heading.

Chapter 91.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.11 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.11 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35

percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

2.

3.

[Rule deleted.]

A)A change to electrically operated wrist-watches, whether or not incorporating a stop-watch facility, of subheading 9101.19
from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up
method or 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(B) A change to other goods of subheading 9101.19 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method; or

(C) A change to any good of subheading 9101.19 from any other chapter.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than

35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.29 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35

percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than

35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.99 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35

percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

8.

(A) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

9.

(A) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.448

Australia

(B) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from 9111.90 or any other heading, provided that there is a regional
value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than

35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 9112.20 from subheading 9112.90 or any other heading, provided that there is regional value content

of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than

35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to heading 9113 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 9113 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35

percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

15. A change to heading 9114 from any other heading.

Chapter 92.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

2.

A change to heading 9209 from any other heading.

Chapter 93.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

2.

3.

A change to heading 9305 from any other heading.

A change to headings 9306 through 9307 from any other chapter.

Chapter 94.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based non the build-down method.

2.

A change to subheading 9401.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.449

Australia

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 9402.10 through 9402.90 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content
of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

(A) A change to subheadings 9403.10 through 9403.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9403.10 through 9403.89 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9403.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9404.10 through 9404.21 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 9404.29 through 9404.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

(A) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99, whether or not there is
also a change from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based
on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

10. A change to subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99 from any other heading.

11. A change to heading 9406 from any other chapter.

Chapter 95.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9503 through 9508 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to dolls, whether or not dressed, of heading 9503 from dolls’ parts and accessories of heading 9503, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the
build-down method; or

(C) A change to dolls’ parts and accessories of heading 9503 from any other heading; or

(D) A change to subheading 9506.31 from subheading 9506.39, whether or not there is a change from another chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent
based on the build-down method.

Chapter 96.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 9601 through 9605 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9606.10 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to 9606.21 through 9606.29 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change to from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45
percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9606.30 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.450

DR-CAFTA

6.

7.

8.

9.

(B) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from subheading 9607.20, provided that there is a region value

content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9607.20 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.50 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, provided that there is
a regional value content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down
method.

A change to subheading 9608.60 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 9608.91 from any other subheading.

10. A change to subheading 9608.99 from any other heading.

11. A change to heading 9609 from any other chapter.

12. A change to headings 9610 through 9611 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheading 9612.10 from any other chapter.

14. A change to subheading 9612.20 from any other heading.

15.

(A) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from subheading 9613.90, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

16. A change to subheading 9613.90 from any other heading.

17. A change to heading 9614 from any other heading.

18.

[Rule deleted.]

19.

(A) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from subheading 9615.90, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 35 percent based on the build-up method or 45 percent based on the build-down method.

20. A change to subheading 9615.90 from any other heading.

21. A change to heading 9616 from any other heading.

22. A change to heading 9617 from any other chapter.

23. A change in heading 9618 from any other heading.

Chapter 97.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 9701.10 through 9701.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 9702 through 9706 from any other heading.

29. Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.451

DR-CAFTA

(a) Goods for which entry is claimed under the terms of the Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement

are subject to duty as set forth herein. For the purposes of this note--

(i)

originating goods or goods described in subdivision (a)(ii), subject to the provisions of subdivisions (b) through (n) of this note,
that are imported into the customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision--

(A)

in chapters 1 through 97 of the tariff schedule for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special” subcolumn of column 1
followed by the symbol “P” or “P+” in parentheses, or

(B)

in chapter 98 or 99 of the tariff schedule where rate of duty or other treatment is specified,

are eligible for the tariff treatment and quantitative limitations set forth therein in accordance with sections 201 through 203,
inclusive, of the Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Pub. L. 109-53;
119 Stat. 462);

(ii) wherever a special rate of duty followed by the symbol “P+” in parentheses appears in the tariff schedule, or a provision

specifies that such rate of duty or other treatment applies to certain agricultural goods, such duty rate or other treatment applies
to goods that otherwise qualify as originating goods under the terms of this note but as to which any operations performed in,
or any material obtained from, the United States shall be considered as if the operations were performed in, and the material
was obtained from, a country that is not a party to the Agreement; and

(iii) except as provided in individual notes or tariff provisions, the terms “party to the Agreement” and “parties to the Agreement”

refer to the following countries: Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua or the United
States.

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (m) and (n) thereof, a good imported into the customs

territory of the United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good under the terms of this note if--

(i)

the good is a good wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement;

(ii)

the good was produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement, and--

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification

specified in subdivision (n) of this note; or

(B)

the good otherwise satisfies any applicable regional value content or other requirements specified in subdivision (n) of
this note;

and the good satisfies all other applicable requirements of this note; or

(iii)

the good was produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement exclusively from originating
materials.

(c) Definitions.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, the expression “good wholly obtained or produced” means any of the following
goods:

(A) plants and plant products harvested or gathered in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement;

(B)

live animals born and raised in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement;

(C) goods obtained in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement from live animals;

(D) goods obtained from hunting, trapping, fishing or aquaculture conducted in the territory of one or more of the parties to

the Agreement;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.452

DR-CAFTA

(E) minerals and other natural resources not included in subdivisions (c)(A) through (c)(D) extracted or taken from the territory

of one or more of the parties to the Agreement;

(F)

fish, shellfish and other marine life taken from the sea, seabed or subsoil outside the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement by vessels registered or recorded with a party to the Agreement and flying its flag;

(G) goods produced on board factory ships from the goods referred to subdivision (c)(F), provided such factory ships are

registered or recorded with that party to the Agreement and fly its flag;

(H) goods taken by a party to the Agreement or a person of a party to the Agreement from the seabed or subsoil outside

territorial waters, provided that a party to the Agreement has rights to exploit such seabed or subsoil;

(I)

goods taken from outer space, provided they are obtained by a party to the Agreement or a person of a party to the
Agreement and not processed in the territory of a country that is not a party to the Agreement;

(J) waste and scrap derived from--

(1) manufacturing or processing operations in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement; or

(2) used goods collected in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement, provided such goods are fit only

for the recovery of raw materials;

(K)

recovered goods derived in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement from used goods, and utilized in
the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement in the production of remanufactured good; and

(L) goods produced in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement exclusively from goods referred to in

subdivisions (A) through (J) above, or from their derivatives, at any stage of production.

(ii) For the purposes of this note--

(A)

the term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that are the result of--

(i)

the disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(ii)

cleaning, inspecting, testing, or other processes as necessary for improvement to sound working condition.

(B)

the term “remanufactured goods” means goods classified in chapter 84, 85 or 87 of the tariff schedule or heading 9026,
9031 or 9032, except goods classified in heading 8418 or 8516, that--

(i)

are entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods; and

(ii)

have a similar life expectancy and enjoy a factory warranty similar to such a new good.

(C)

the term “material” means a good that is used in the production of another good, including a part or an ingredient;

(D)

the term “material that is self-produced” means an originating material that is produced by a producer of a good and used
in the production of that good;

(E)

the terms “nonoriginating good” or “nonoriginating material” mean a good or a material, as the case may be, that does
not qualify as originating under this note;

(F)

the term “production” means growing, mining, harvesting, fishing, raising, trapping, hunting, manufacturing, processing,
assembling or disassembling a good; and the term “producer” means a person who engages in the production of a good
in the territory of a party to the Agreement;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.453

DR-CAFTA

(G)

the term “adjusted value” means the value determined in accordance with Articles 1 through 8, Article 15 and the
corresponding interpretive notes of the Agreement on Implementation of Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act, adjusted, if necessary, to exclude
any costs, charges or other expenses incurred for transportation, insurance and related services incident to the international
shipment of the merchandise from the country of exportation to the place of importation;

(H)

the term “net cost” means total cost minus sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping
and packing costs, and non-allowable interest costs that are included in the total cost.

(iii) A good that has undergone production necessary to qualify as an originating good under this note shall not be considered to

be an originating good if, subsequent to that production, the good--

(A) undergoes further production or any other operation outside the territories of the parties to the Agreement, other than

unloading, reloading or any other operation necessary to preserve the good in good condition or to transport the good to
the territory of a party to the Agreement; or

(B) does not remain under the control of customs authorities in the territory of a country other than a party to the Agreement.

(iv) Accumulation.

(A) Originating materials from the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement that are used in the production of
a good in the territory of another party to the Agreement shall be considered to originate in the territory of that other party
to the Agreement.

(B) A good that is produced in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement by one or more producers is an

originating good if the good satisfies the requirements of this note.

(v) Goods classifiable as goods put up in sets.--Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (n) of this note, goods classifiable
as goods put up in sets for retail sale as provided under general rule of interpretation 3 to the tariff schedule shall not be
considered to be originating goods unless--

(A) each of the goods in the set is an originating good; or

(B)

the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does not exceed--

(1)

in the case of a textile or apparel good, 10 percent of the adjusted value of the set; or

(2)

in the case of a good, other than a textile or apparel good, 15 percent of the adjusted value of the set.

(d) Textile and apparel goods.

(i)

A textile or apparel good that is not an originating good under the terms of this note, because certain fibers or yarns used in
the production of the component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good do not undergo an applicable
change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note, shall be considered an originating good if--

(A)

the total weight of all such fibers or yarns in that component is not more than ten percent of the total weight of that
component; or

(B) such yarns are nylon filament yarns (other than elastomeric yarn) provided for in subheading 5402.11.30, 5402.11.60,
5402.19.30, 5402.19.60, 5402.31.30, 5402.31.60, 5402.32.30, 5402.32.60, 5402.45.10, 5402.45.90, 5402.51.00 or
5402.61.00 of the tariff schedule from a country that is a party to an agreement with the United States establishing a free
trade area which entered into force before January 1, 1995.

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a textile or apparel good containing elastomeric yarns in the component of the good
that determines the tariff classification of the good shall be considered to be an originating good only if such yarns are wholly
formed in the territory of a party to the Agreement.

(ii) For the purposes of this subdivision--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.454

DR-CAFTA

(A)

the term “elastomeric” does not include latex; and

(B) a yarn is wholly formed in the territory of a party to the Agreement if all of the production processes and finishing operations,
starting with the extrusion of filaments, strips, film or sheet, and including slitting a film or sheet into strip, or the spinning
of all fibers into yarn, or both, and ending with a finished yarn or plied yarn, took place in the territory of a party to the
Agreement.

(iii) For the purposes of subdivision (d)(i) or (d)(ii) of this note, in the case of a good that is a yarn, fabric or fiber, the term “component

of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good” means all of the fibers in the good.

(iv) For a textile or apparel good provided for in chapters 61 through 63 of the tariff schedule that is not an originating good and

for which the duty treatment set forth in subheading 9822.05.10 is claimed, the rate of duty set forth in the general subcolumn
of rate of duty column 1 shall apply only on the value of the assembled good minus the value of fabrics formed in the United
States, components knit-to-shape in the United States and any other materials of U.S. origin used in the production of the
good, provided that the good is sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of a party to the Agreement (other than the United
States) with thread wholly formed in the United States, from fabrics wholly formed in the United States and cut in one or more
parties to the Agreement or from components knit-to-shape in the United States, or both. For purposes of this subdivision--

(1) a fabric is wholly formed in the United States if all the production processes and finishing operations, starting with the

weaving, knitting, needling, tufting, felting, entangling or other process, and ending with a fabric ready for cutting or
assembly without further processing, took place in the United States; and

(2) a thread is wholly formed in the United States if all the production processes, starting with the extrusion of filaments,
strips, film or sheet, and including slitting a film or sheet into strip, or the spinning of all fibers into thread, or both, and
ending with thread, took place in the United States.

(v) For the purposes of this note, the term “textile or apparel good” means a good listed in the Annex to the Agreement on Textiles
and Clothing referred to in section 101(d)(4) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(4)); but such term
does not encompass the following goods that are listed in Annex 3.29 of the Agreement specified in subdivision (a) of this
note: wadding, gauze, bandages and the like (subheading 3005.90); woven, knitted or nonwoven fabrics coated, covered or
laminated with plastics (subheading 3921.12, 3921.13 or 3921.90); footwear with soles and uppers of wool felt (subheading
6405.20); footwear uppers of which 50 percent or more of the external surface is textile material (subheading 6406.10); leg
warmers and gaiters of textile material (subheading 6406.99); hat forms, hat bodies and hoods of felt and plateaux and
manchons of felt (heading 6501); hat shapes, plaited or made by assembling strips of any material (heading 6502); felt hats
and other felt headgear (heading 6503); hats and other headgear, plaited or made by assembling strips of any material (heading
6504); hats and other headgear, knitted or made up from lace or other textile material (subheading 6505.90); safety seat belts
for motor vehicles (subheading 8708.21); parachutes, parts thereof and accessories therefor (heading 8804); watch straps,
bands and bracelets of textile materials (subheading 9113.90); garments for dolls (subheading 9502.91); and woven ribbons
of manmade fibers, other than those measuring less than 30 mm in width and permanently put up in cartridges (subheading
9612.10).

(vi) With respect to a textile and apparel good as defined in subdivision (d)(v) of this note, the term “wholly” means that the good

is entirely of the named material.

(vii) Notwithstanding other provisions of this note, for purposes of determining whether a good of chapter 62 of the tariff schedule
is an originating good, materials used in the production of such a good that are produced in the territory of Canada or of Mexico
and that would be originating under this note if produced in the territory of a party to the Agreement shall be considered as
having been produced in the territory of a party to the Agreement, provided that the United States Trade Representative has
determined in a notice published in the Federal Register that the requirements of Appendix 4.1-B of the Agreement specified
in subdivision (a) of this note have been met with respect to Canada or Mexico, as the case may be, and has announced the
effective date of U.S. note 21 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule. Such goods shall be entered under
subheading 9822.05.05 of the tariff schedule, subject to the terms of such U.S. note 21, on or after the effective date specified
in such notice. [Compiler’s Note: effective with respect to materials from MX, 8/15/08; reference to subheading 9822.05.05
is obsolete and current provisions appear to be 9822.05.11 and 9822.05.13.]

(e) De minimis amounts of nonoriginating materials.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivisions (d)(i), (e)(ii) and (m) below, a good that does not undergo a change in tariff classification
pursuant to subdivision (n) of this note is an originating good if--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.455

DR-CAFTA

(A)

the value of all nonoriginating materials that--

(1) are used in the production of the good, and

(2) do not undergo the applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note,

does not exceed 10 percent of the adjusted value of the good;

(B)

the value of such nonoriginating materials is included in the value of nonoriginating materials for any applicable regional
value content requirement for the good; and

(C)

the good meets all other applicable requirements of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to--

(A) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by
weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90, that is used in the production of a good provided
for in chapter 4;

(B) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by

weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90, that is used in the production of the following goods:

(1)

infant preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.10;

(2) mixes and doughs, containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, provided for in

subheading 1901.20;

(3) dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90;

(4) goods provided for in heading 2105;

(5) beverages containing milk provided for in subheading 2202.90; or

(6) animal feeds containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 2309.90;

(C) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0805, or any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, inclusive, that
is used in the production of a good provided for in any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, or in fruit or vegetable
juice of any single fruit or vegetable, fortified with minerals or vitamins, concentrated or unconcentrated, provided for in
subheading 2106.90 or 2202.90;

(D) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0901 or 2101 that is used in the production of a good provided for in

heading 0901 or 2101;

(E) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1006 that is used in the production of a good provided for in heading

1102 or 1103 or subheading 1904.90;

(F) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 15 that is used in the production of a good provided for in chapter 15;

(G) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1701 that is used in the production of a good provided for in any of

headings 1701 through 1703;

(H) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 17 that is used in the production of a good provided for in subheading

1806.10; or

(I)

except as provided in subdivisions (e)(ii)(A) through (e)(ii)(H) above and in subdivision (n) of this note, a nonoriginating
material used in the production of a good provided for in any of chapters 1 through 24, inclusive, unless the nonoriginating
material is provided for in a different subheading than the good for which origin is being determined under this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.456

DR-CAFTA

(f) Regional value content.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, except for goods to which subdivision (f)(iii) applies, the regional value content
of a good referred to in subdivision (n) of this note, shall be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good on
the basis of the build-down method or the build-up method described below.

(A) For the build-down method, the regional value content of a good may be calculated on the basis of the formula

RVC = ((AV-VNM)/AV) X 100

where RVC is the regional value content of the good, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value of the good;
and VNM is the value of nonoriginating materials that are acquired and used by the producer in the production of the
good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced.

(B) For the build-up method, the regional value content of a good may be calculated on the basis of the formula

RVC = ((VOM)/AV) X 100

where RVC is the regional value content of the good, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value of the good;
and VOM is the value of originating materials that are acquired or self-produced, and used by the producer in the production
of the good.

(ii) Value of materials.

(A) For the purpose of calculating the regional value content of a good under this note, and for purposes of applying the de

minimis rules under subdivision (e) of this note, the value of a material is--

(1)

in the case of a material that is imported by the producer of the good, the adjusted value of the material;

(2)

in the case of a material acquired in the territory in which the good is produced, the value, determined in accordance
with Articles 1 through 8, Article 15, and the corresponding interpretive notes of the Agreement on Implementation
of Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay
Round Agreements Act, as set forth in regulations promulgated by the Secretary of the Treasury providing for the
application of such Articles in the absence of an importation; or

(3)

in the case of a material that is self-produced, the sum of--

(I)

all expenses incurred in the production of the material, including general expenses; and

(II) an amount for profit equivalent to the profit added in the normal course of trade.

(B) The following expenses, if not included in the value of an originating material calculated under subdivision (f)(ii)(A) above,

may be added to the value of the originating material:

(1)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement to the location of the producer;

(2) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement, other than duties or taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including
credit against duty or tax paid or payable;

(3)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the value of
renewable scrap or byproducts.

(C) The following expenses, if included in the value of a nonoriginating material calculated under subdivision (f)(ii)(A) above,

may be deducted from the value of the nonoriginating material:

(1)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement to the location of the producer;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.457

DR-CAFTA

(2) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement, other than duties or taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including
credit against duty or tax paid or payable;

(3)

(4)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the value of
renewable scrap or byproducts;

the cost of originating materials used in the production of the nonoriginating material in the territory of one or more
of the parties to the Agreement.

(iii) Special rule for certain automotive goods.

(A) For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content of an automotive good referred to in subdivision
(n) of this note may be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good on the basis of the following net cost
method:

RVC = ((NC-VNM)/NC) X 100

where RVC is the regional value content of the automotive good, expressed as a percentage; NC is the net cost of the
automotive good; and VNM means the value of nonoriginating materials that are acquired and used by the producer in
the production of the automotive good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced. For purposes
of this subdivision, the term “automotive good” means a good provided for in any of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34,
subheading 8408.20, heading 8409 or in any of headings 8701 through 8708, inclusive, of the tariff schedule.

(B) For purposes of determining the regional value content under this subdivision for an automotive good that is a motor

vehicle provided for in any of headings 8701 through 8705, an importer, exporter or producer may average the amounts
calculated under the formula contained in subdivision (A) above, over the producer’s fiscal year--

(1) with respect to all motor vehicles in any one of the categories described in subdivision (C), below; or

(2) with respect to all motor vehicles in any such category that are exported to the territory of one or more of the parties

to the Agreement.

(C) A category is described for purposes of subdivision (B)(1) above if it--

(1)

(2)

(3)

is the same model line of motor vehicles, is in the same class of vehicles, and is produced in the same plant in the territory
of a party to the Agreement, as the good described in subdivision (B) for which regional value content is being calculated;

is the same class of motor vehicles, and is produced in the same plant in the territory of a party to the Agreement, as the
good described in subdivision (B) for which regional value content is being calculated; or

is the same model line of motor vehicles produced in the territory of a party to the Agreement, as the good described in
subdivision (B) for which regional value content is being calculated.

(D) For purposes of determining the regional value content under subdivision (A) above for automotive goods provided for in any
of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34, in subheading 8408.20 or in heading 8409, 8706, 8707 or 8708, that are produced
in the same plant, an importer, exporter or producer may--

(1) average the amounts calculated under the formula contained in subdivision (A) above over--

(I)

the fiscal year of the motor vehicle producer to whom the automotive goods are sold,

(II) any quarter or month, or

(III)

its own fiscal year,

if the goods were produced during the fiscal year, quarter or month that is the basis for the calculation;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.458

DR-CAFTA

(2) determine the average referred to in subdivision (1) separately for such goods sold to one or more motor vehicle producers;

or

(3) make a separate determination under subdivision (1) or (2) for automotive goods that are exported to the territory of one

or more of the parties to the Agreement.

(E) The importer, exporter or producer shall, consistent with the provisions regarding allocation of costs set out in generally accepted

accounting principles, determine the net cost of an automotive good under subdivision (B) by--

(1)

(2)

(3)

calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by the producer of the automotive good, subtracting
any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping and packing costs and nonallowable
interest costs that are included in the total cost of all such goods, and then reasonably allocating the resulting net cost
of those goods to the automotive good;

calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by that producer, reasonably allocating the total cost
to the automotive good, and then subtracting any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties,
shipping and packing costs and nonallowable interest costs that are included in the portion of the total cost allocated to
the automotive good; or

reasonably allocating each cost that forms part of the total cost incurred with respect to the automotive good so that the
aggregate of all such costs does not include any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties,
shipping and packing costs or nonallowable interest costs.

(F) For purposes of this note, the term “class of motor vehicles” means any one of the following categories of motor vehicles:

(1) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.20, 8704.10, 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32 or 8704.90, or heading 8705 or

8706, or motor vehicles for the transport of 16 or more persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90;

(2) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.10 or any of subheadings 8701.30 through 8701.90, inclusive;

(3) motor vehicles for the transport of 15 or fewer persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90, or motor vehicles

provided for in subheading 8704.21 or 8704.31; or

(4) motor vehicles provided for in any of subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, inclusive.

(G) For purposes of this note, the term “model line” means a group of motor vehicles having the same platform or model name.

(H) For purposes of this note, the term “nonallowable interest costs” means interest costs incurred by a producer that exceed 700

basis points above the applicable official interest rate for comparable maturities of the party to the Agreement in which the
producer is located.

(I)

For purposes of this note, the term “reasonably allocate” means to apportion in a manner that would be appropriate under
generally accepted accounting principles.

(J) For purposes of this note, the term “total cost” means all product costs, period costs and other costs for a good incurred in the

territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

(g) Accessories, spare parts or tools.

(i)

Subject to subdivision (g)(ii) and (g)(iii), accessories, spare parts or tools delivered with a good that form part of the good's
standard accessories, spare parts or tools shall--

(A) be treated as originating goods if the good is an originating good; and

(B) be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo the

applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (g)(i) shall apply only if--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.459

DR-CAFTA

(A)

the accessories, spare parts or tools are classified with and not invoiced separately from the good, regardless of whether
they appear specified or separately identified in the invoice for the good; and

(B)

the quantities and value of the accessories, spare parts or tools are customary for the good.

(iii)

If the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of the accessories, spare parts or tools shall be taken
into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of the
good.

(h) Fungible goods and materials.

(i)

A person claiming that a fungible good or fungible material is an originating good may base the claim either on the physical
segregation of the fungible good or fungible material or by using an inventory management method with respect to the fungible
good or fungible material. For purposes of this subdivision, the term “inventory management method” means:

(A) averaging,

(B)

“last-in, first-out,”

(C)

“first-in, first out,” or

(D) any other method that is recognized in the generally accepted accounting principles of the party to the Agreement in

which the production is performed or otherwise accepted by that country.

The term “fungible good” or fungible material” means a good or material, as the case may be, that is interchangeable with
another good or material for commercial purposes and the properties of which are essentially identical to such other good or
material.

(ii) A person selecting an inventory management method under subdivision (h)(i) for a particular fungible good or fungible material

shall continue to use that method for that fungible good or fungible material throughout the fiscal year of that person.

(i)

Packaging or packing materials and containers.

(i)

For retail sale.--Packaging materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail sale, if classified with the good,
shall be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo the
applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note and, if the good is subject to a regional value
content requirement, the value of such packaging materials and containers shall be taken into account as originating or
nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of the good.

(ii) For shipment.--Packing materials and containers for shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether a good is an

originating good.

(j)

Indirect materials.

An indirect material shall be treated as an originating material for purposes of this note without regard to where it is produced. The
term “indirect material” means a good used in the production, testing or inspection of a good but not physically incorporated into
the good, or a good used in the maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated with the production of a good,
including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in production or used to operate equipment or buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.460

DR-CAFTA

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the good;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other goods that are not incorporated into the good but the use of which in the production of the good can reasonably be

demonstrated to be a part of that production.

(k) For the purposes of this note, the term “generally accepted accounting principles” means the recognized consensus or substantial
authoritative support in the territory of a party to the Agreement with respect to the recording of revenues, expenses, costs, assets
and liabilities, the disclosure of information and the preparation of financial statements. The principles may encompass broad
guidelines of general application as well as detailed standards, practices and procedures.

(l) Claims for preferential tariff treatment; record-keeping requirements and verification.

(i) Claims for preferential tariff treatment.--An importer may make a claim for the tariff and other treatment provided for under the

terms of this note based on either--

(A) a written or electronic certification by the importer, exporter or producer; or

(B)

the importer’s knowledge that the good is an originating good, including reasonable reliance on information in the importer’s
possession that the good is an originating good;

in such form and manner as may be required in applicable regulations.

(ii) Record-keeping requirements.--An importer of a good, for which entry is claimed under the terms of this note, shall maintain,

for a minimum of five years from the date of importation of the good, all records and documents necessary to demonstrate
that the good qualified for the tariff and other treatment provided for under the terms of this note, in such form and manner as
may be required in applicable regulations.

(iii) Verification.--For purposes of determining whether a good imported into the customs territory of the United States from the
territory of another party to the Agreement qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, the appropriate
customs officer may conduct a verification as set forth in pertinent regulations.

(m)

Interpretation and application of rules of origin.

(i) Unless otherwise specified, the requirements of any rule in subdivision (n) of this note that is set out adjacent to a heading or

subheading of the tariff schedule and specifies a change of tariff classification applies only to nonoriginating materials. For
purposes of this subdivision and subdivision (n) of this note, a tariff provision is a “heading” if its article description is not
indented; a provision is a “subheading” if it is designated by 6 digits under the Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding
System; and the terms “chapter” and “section” refer to a chapter or section, respectively, of the tariff schedule.

(ii) Where a specific rule in subdivision (n) of this note is defined using the criterion of a change in tariff classification, and the rule
is written to exclude tariff provisions at the level of a chapter, heading or subheading of the tariff schedule, such rule shall be
construed to require that materials classified in those excluded provisions be originating for the good to qualify as originating.

(iii) When a heading or subheading of the tariff schedule is subject to alternative specific rules in subdivision (n) of this note, the

rule will be considered to be met if a good satisfies one of the alternatives.

(iv) When a single rule is applicable to a group of headings or subheadings, and that rule of origin specifies a change of heading

or subheading, the requirement shall be interpreted so that the change of heading or subheading may occur within a single
heading or subheading or between headings or subheadings of the group. When, however, a rule refers to a change in heading
or subheading “outside that group,” such change in heading or subheading must occur from a heading or subheading that is
outside the group of headings or subheadings set out in the rule.

(v) References to weight in the rules set forth in subdivision (n) of this note for goods provided for in chapters 1 through 24 of the

tariff schedule are to dry weight, unless otherwise specified in the tariff schedule.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.461

DR-CAFTA

(vi) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 6 through 14, inclusive, agricultural and horticultural goods shall be
treated as originating in the territory of a party to the Agreement even if grown from seeds, bulbs, rootstock, cuttings, grafts,
shoots, buds or other live parts of plants imported from a country other than a party to the Agreement.

(vii) This subdivision confers origin on the goods specified in the provisions below, except as otherwise specified herein.

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a good is originating if it meets the applicable change in tariff classification rules
specified in subdivision (n) of this note.

(A) A good of chapters 27 through 40, inclusive (except a good of heading 3823), of the tariff schedule, that is the product
of a chemical reaction in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement shall be treated as originating. For
purposes of applying this subdivision to goods of the foregoing chapters, a “chemical reaction” is a process (including a
biochemical process) that results in a molecule with a new structure by breaking intramolecular bonds and by forming
new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial arrangement of atoms in a molecule. The following are not considered
to be chemical reactions for purposes of determining whether a good is originating:

(1) dissolution in water or in another solvent;

(2)

the elimination of solvents, including solvent water; or

(3)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallization.

(B) For the purposes of chapters 28 through 35 and chapters 38 and 39, a good that is subject to purification shall be treated

as originating provided that one of the following occurs in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement:

(1)

the purification results in the elimination of 80 percent of the impurities; or

(2)

the purification results in the reduction or elimination of impurities, rendering the good suitable:

(I)

as a pharmaceutical, medicinal, cosmetic, veterinary or food grade substance;

(II) as a chemical good or reagent for analytical, diagnostic or laboratory uses;

(III) as an element or component for use in micro-elements;

(IV) for specialized optical uses;

(V)

for non toxic uses for health and safety;

(VI) for biotechnical use;

(VII) as a carrier used in a separation process; or

(VIII)for nuclear grade uses.

(C) A good of chapters 30 or 31, heading 3302, subheading 3502.20, headings 3506 through 3507, inclusive, heading 3707
or chapters 39 or 40 shall be treated as originating if the deliberate and proportionally controlled mixing or blending
(including dispersing) of materials to conform to predetermined specifications, resulting in the production of a good having
physical or chemical characteristics which are relevant to the purposes or uses of the good and are different from the
input materials, occurs in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

(D) A good of chapter 30, 31 or 39 shall be treated as originating if the following occurs in the territory of one or more of the

parties to the Agreement:

(1)

the deliberate and controlled reduction in particle size of a good, other than by merely crushing (or pressing), resulting
in a good having a defined particle size, defined particle size distribution or defined surface area, which are relevant
to the purposes of the resulting good and have different physical or chemical characteristics from the input materials;
or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.462

DR-CAFTA

(2)

the deliberate and controlled modification in particle size of a good, other than by merely pressing, resulting in a
good having a defined particle size, defined particle size distribution or defined surface area, which are relevant to
the purposes of the resulting good and have different physical or chemical characteristics from the input materials.

(E) A good of chapters 28 through 32, 35 or 38 shall be treated as originating if the production of standards materials occurs

in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement. For purposes of this subdivision, “standards materials”
(including standards solutions) are preparations suitable for analytical, calibrating or referencing uses, having precise
degrees of purity or proportions which are certified by the manufacturer.

(F) A good of chapters 28 through 32, 35 or 39 shall be treated as originating if the isolation or separation of isomers from

mixtures of isomers occurs in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

(G) A good of chapters 28 through 38 that undergoes a change from one tariff classification to another in the territory of one
or more of the parties to the Agreement as the result of the separation of one or more individual materials from a man-made
mixture shall not be treated as originating unless the isolated material underwent a chemical reaction in the territory of
one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

(viii) (A) A textile good of chapters 50 through 60 of the tariff schedule and imported under heading 9822.05.01 of the tariff schedule
shall be considered originating if it is wholly formed in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement from--

(1) one or more fibers and yarns listed in U.S. note 20 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98; or

(2) a combination of the fibers and yarns listed in U.S. note 20 to such subchapter XXII and one or more fibers and

yarns that originate under the terms of this note.

The originating fibers and yarns referred to in subdivision (A)(2) may contain up to 10 percent by weight of fibers or yarns
that do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note. Any elastomeric
yarn (except latex) contained in the originating yarns referred to in subdivision (A)(2) must be formed in the territory of
one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

(B) An apparel good of chapter 61 or 62 of the tariff schedule and imported under heading 9822.05.01 of the tariff schedule

shall be considered originating if it is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
one or more of the parties to the Agreement, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars, cuffs and ribbed
waistbands (only if the ribbed waistband is present in combination with cuffs and identical in fabric construction to the
cuffs) where applicable, is wholly of--

(1) one or more fabrics listed in U.S. note 20 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98; or

(2) one or more fabrics or knit to shape components formed in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement

from one or more of the yarns listed in U.S. note 20 to such subchapter XXII; or

(3) any combination of the fabrics referred to in subdivision (B)(1), the fabrics or knit to shape components referred to

in subdivision (B)(2), or one or more fabrics originating under this note.

The originating fabrics referred to in subdivision (B)(3) may contain up to 10 percent by weight of fibers or yarns that do
not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note. Any elastomeric yarn (except
latex) contained in an originating fabric or knit to shape component referred to in subdivision (B)(3) must be formed in
the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

(C) A textile good of chapter 63 or 94 of the tariff schedule and imported under heading 9822.05.01 of the tariff schedule
shall be considered originating if it is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
one or more of the parties to the Agreement, and if the component that determines the tariff classification of the good is
wholly of--

(1) one or more fabrics listed in U.S. note 20 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98; or

(2) one or more fabrics or knit to shape components formed in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement

from one or more of the yarns listed in U.S. note 20 to such subchapter XXII; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.463

DR-CAFTA

(3) any combination of the fabrics referred to in subdivision (C)(1), the fabrics or knit to shape components referred to

in subdivision (C)(2) or one or more fabrics or knit to shape components originating under this note.

The originating fabrics referred to in subdivision (C)(3) may contain up to 10 percent by weight of fibers or yarns that do
not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note. Any elastomeric yarn (except
latex) contained in an originating fabric or knit to shape component referred to in subdivision (C)(3) must be formed in
the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

(n) Change in tariff classification rules. [UPDATED FOR HS CHANGES THROUGH 2017]

Chapter 1.

1.

A change to headings 0101 through 0106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 2.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 0201 through 0206 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 0207 from any other chapter, except from heading 0105.

A change to headings 0208 through 0209 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 0210 from any other chapter, except from heading 0105.

Chapter 3.

Note: The fish, crustaceans, molluscs, and other aquatic invertebrates shall be deemed originating even if they were cultivated
from nonoriginating fry (immature fish at a post-larval stage, including fingerlings, parr, smolts, and elvers) or larvae.

1.

2.

A change to headings 0301 through 0305 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to smoked goods of headings 0306 through 0308 from goods that are not smoked of headings 0306 through
0308; or

(B) A change to any other good of headings 0306 through 0308 from any other chapter.

Chapter 4.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 0401 through 0404 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1901.90.

A change to heading 0405 from any other chapter, except from subheadings 1901.90 or 2106.90.

A change to heading 0406 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1901.90.

A change to headings 0407 through 0410 from any other chapter.

Chapter 5.

1.

A change to headings 0501 through 0511 from any other chapter.

Chapter 6.

1.

A change to headings 0601 through 0604 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7.

1.

A change to headings 0701 through 0714 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.464

DR-CAFTA

Chapter 8.

1.

A change to headings 0801 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Chapter 9.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 0901 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 0902.10 through 0902.40 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 0903 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to crushed, ground, or powdered spices put up for retail sale of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99 from

spices that are not crushed, ground, or powdered of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99, or from any other subheading,
except from subheadings 0910.11 and 0910.12; or

(B) A change to mixtures of spices or any good of subheading 0904.11 through 0910.99 other than crushed, ground, or

powdered spices put up for retail sale from any other subheading, except from subheadings 0910.11 through 0910.12.

Chapter 10.

1.

A change to headings 1001 through 1008 from any other chapter.

Chapter 11.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 1101 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1102 from any other chapter, except from heading 1006.

A change to heading 1103 from any other chapter, except from heading 1006.

A change to subheading 1104.12 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 1104.19 through 1104.30 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1105 from any other chapter except from heading 0701.

A change to heading 1106 from any other chapter, except from subheading 0714.10.

A change to heading 1107 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1108.11 through 1108.13 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 1108.14 from any other chapter, except from subheading 0714.10.

11. A change to subheadings 1108.19 through 1108.20 from any other chapter.

12. A change to heading 1109 from any other chapter.

Chapter 12.

1.

A change to headings 1201 through 1214 from any other chapter.

Chapter 13.

1.

A change to headings 1301 through 1302 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.465

DR-CAFTA

Chapter 14.

1.

A change to headings 1401 through 1404 from any other chapter.

Chapter 15.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 1501 through 1518 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1520 from any other heading.

A change to headings 1521 through 1522 from any other chapter.

Chapter 16.

1.

A change to headings 1601 through 1602 from any other chapter or from mechanically deboned fowl of heading 0207, except
from any other good of heading 0207.

2.

A change to headings 1603 through 1605 from any other chapter.

Chapter 17.

1.

2.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1704 from any other heading.

Chapter 18.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 1801 through 1802 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1803 from any other heading.

A change to headings 1804 through 1805 from any other heading, except from heading 1803.

A change to subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that a good of subheading 1806.10 containing 90 percent
or more by dry weight of sugar does not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17 and that a good of subheading 1806.10
containing less than 90 percent by dry weight of sugar does not contain more than 35 percent by weight of nonoriginating
sugar of chapter 17.

A change to subheading 1806.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.31 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 1806.32 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 1806.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 19.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 1901.10 from any other chapter, provided that a good of subheading 1901.10 containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids does not contain a nonoriginating dairy good of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.20 from any other chapter, provided that a good of subheading 1901.20 containing over 25
percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, does not contain a nonoriginating dairy good of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.90 from any other chapter, provided that a good of subheading 1901.90 containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids does not contain a nonoriginating dairy good of chapter 4.

4.

A change to heading 1902 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.466

DR-CAFTA

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 1903 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1904.10 through 1904.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1904.90 from any other heading, except from heading 1006.

A change to heading 1905 from any other chapter.

Chapter 20.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 2001 from any other chapter, except from subheading 0703.10.

A change to heading 2002 from any other chapter, except that a good that has been prepared by packing (including canning)
in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the fresh good
was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

A change to heading 2003 from any other chapter except that a good that has been prepared by packing (including canning)
in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the fresh good
was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

A change to heading 2004 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701, and that a good that has been prepared by
freezing (including processing incidental to freezing) shall be treated as originating only if the fresh good was wholly obtained
or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

A change to subheading 2005.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2005.20 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701.

A change to subheadings 2005.40 through 2005.60 from any other chapter, except that a good that has been prepared by
packing (including canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as
originating only if the fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement.

A change to subheadings 2005.70 through 2005.99 from any other chapter, except that a good that has have been prepared
by packing (including canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as
originating only if the fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement.

9.

A change to heading 2006 from any other chapter, except from heading 1202 or subheading 0804.30.

10. A change to heading 2007 from any other chapter, except from heading 0803 or subheading 0804.50.

11. A change to subheading 2008.11 from any other chapter, except from heading 1202.

12. A change to subheading 2008.19 from any other chapter, except that nuts and seeds that have been prepared by roasting,

either dry or in oil (including processing incidental to roasting) shall be treated as originating only if the fresh good was wholly
obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

13. A change to subheading 2008.20 from any other chapter, except that pineapples that have been prepared by packing (including
canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the
fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

14. A change to subheading 2008.30 from any other chapter, except that citrus fruit that has been prepared by packing (including
canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the
fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.467

DR-CAFTA

15. A change to subheading 2008.40 from any other chapter, except that pears that have been prepared by packing (including

canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the
fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

16. A change to subheading 2008.50 from any other chapter, except that apricots that have been prepared by packing (including
canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the
fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

17. A change to subheading 2008.60 from any other chapter, except that cherries that have been prepared by packing (including
canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the
fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

18. A change to subheading 2008.70 from any other chapter, except that peaches, including nectarines, that have been prepared
by packing (including canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as
originating only if the fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement.

19. A change to subheading 2008.80 from any other chapter, except that strawberries that have been prepared by packing (including
canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the
fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

20. A change to subheading 2008.91 from any other chapter, except that palm hearts that have been prepared by packing (including
canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the
fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

21. A change to subheadings 2008.93 through 2008.97 from any other chapter, except that cranberries or a mixture that has been
prepared by packing (including canning) in water, brine, or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be
treated as originating only if the fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the
parties to the Agreement.

22. A change to subheading 2008.99 from any other chapter, except that a good that has been prepared by packing (including

canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be treated as originating only if the
fresh good was wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

23. A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

24. A change to subheadings 2009.41 through 2009.50 from any other chapter.

25.

(A) A change to guava, apple, pear, peach, mango, grape or soursop juice of subheadings 2009.61 through 2009.89 from

guava, apple, pear, peach, mango, grape or soursop juice concentrate of subheadings 2009.61 through 2009.89 or from
any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good under subheadings 2009.61 through 2009.89 from any other chapter.

26.

(A) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, whether or not there is also a change

from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a single country that is not a party
to the Agreement, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

Chapter 21.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 2101.11 through 2101.12 from any other chapter, except from chapter 9.

A change to subheadings 2101.20 through 2101.30 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2102 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.468

DR-CAFTA

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 2103.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.20 from any other chapter, provided that tomato ketchup of subheading 2103.20 does not
contain a nonoriginating good of subheading 2002.90.

(A) A change to prepared mustard of subheading 2103.30 from mustard flour or meal of subheading 2103.30 or any other

subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2103.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2104 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2105 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 and from dairy preparations containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

10. A change to concentrated juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90 from

any other chapter except from headings 0805 or 2009 or subheading 2202.90.

11. A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90:

(A)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90; or

(B)

from any other subheading within chapter 21, heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a
single country that is not a party to the Agreement, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume
of the good;

12. A change to a compound alcoholic preparation of subheading 2106.90 from any other subheading, except from headings 2203

through 2209.

13. A change to sugar syrup of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from chapter 17.

14. A change to a good containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except

from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

15. A change to any other good of heading 2106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 22.

1.

2.

A change to heading 2201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.10 from any other chapter.

2A. A change to subheading 2202.91 from any other chapter.

3.

4.

A change to guava, apple, pear, peach, mango, grape or soursop juice fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2202.99
from guava, apple, pear, peach, mango, grape or soursop juice concentrate of heading 2009 or from any other heading.

A change to juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2202.99 from any other
chapter, except from heading 0805 or 2009 or from juice concentrate of subheading 2106.90.

5.

A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2202.99.

(A)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.469

DR-CAFTA

(B)

from any other subheading within chapter 22, heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a
single country that is not a party to the Agreement, constitute in single-strength form no more than 60 percent by volume
of the good.

(A) A change to a beverage containing milk of subheading 2202.99, from any other chapter, except from chapter 4 or from

a dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2202.99 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 2203 through 2206 from any other chapter, except from compound alcoholic preparations of subheading
2106.90.

(A) A change to dehydrated ethyl alcohol (carburant ethanol) of heading 2207 that is subject to the provisions of U.S. note
3(c) to subchapter I of chapter 99 from not dehydrated ethyl alcohol of heading 2207 or from any other heading; or

6.

7.

8.

(B) A change to heading 2207 from any other chapter, except from headings 1005, 1007 or 1703.

9.

A change to subheadings 2208.20 or 2208.60 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 2208.70 from any other heading, except from chapters 4, 9 or 21 or from heading 1901.

11. A change to subheading 2208.90 from any other chapter.

12. A change to heading 2209 from any other heading.

Chapter 23.

1.

2.

A change to headings 2301 through 2308 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2309 from any other heading, except from chapter 4, heading 2304, subheadings 1901.90, 2306.10
through 2306.30 or 2306.50 through 2306.90.

Chapter 24.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 2401 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2402.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2402.20 through 2402.90 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to homogenized or reconstituted tobacco for use as cigar wrapper of subheading 2403.91 from any other

heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 2403 from any other chapter.

Chapter 25.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 2501 through 2516 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2517.10 through 2517.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2517.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 2517.41 through 2517.49 from any other heading.

A change to headings 2518 through 2522 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.470

DR-CAFTA

6.

7.

A change to heading 2523 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 2524 through 2530 from any other heading.

Chapter 26.

1.

A change to headings 2601 through 2621 from any other heading.

Chapter 27.

1.

2.

A change to headings 2701 through 2706 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other subheading, provided that the good resulting from

such change results from a chemical reaction.

3.

A change to headings 2708 through 2709 from any other heading.

Heading rule: For purposes of heading 2710, the following processes confer origin:

(a) Atmospheric distillation: A separation process in which petroleum oils are converted, in a distillation tower, into fractions

according to boiling point and the vapor then condensed into different liquefied fractions.

(b) Vacuum distillation: Distillation at a pressure below atmospheric but not so low that it would be classed as molecular

distillation.

4.

(A) A change to any good of heading 2710 from any other good of heading 2710, provided that the good resulting from such

change results from a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation or vacuum distillation; or

(B) A change to heading 2710 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

Note: The following tariff classification rule 4A for heading 2710 shall also apply with respect to an aggregate quantity of the metric
equivalent of 24,000,000 gallons of goods of Dominican Republic for a period of two years after the date of entry into force of the
Agreement specified in subdivision (a) of this note as between Dominican Republic and the United States, after which period this
note and rule 4A below shall be deleted from the tariff schedule.

4A. A change to any good of heading 2710 from any other good of heading 2710, provided that the good resulting from such

change results from a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation or vacuum distillation, or from a process that alters the viscosity
of the good.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 2711.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.21.

A change to subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2711.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.11.

A change to subheading 2711.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.21.

A change to headings 2712 through 2714 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 2715 from any other heading, except from heading 2714 or subheading 2713.20.

11. A change to heading 2716 from any other heading.

Chapter 28.

1.

A change to subheadings 2801.10 through 2801.30 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.471

DR-CAFTA

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 2802 from any other heading, except from heading 2503.

A change to heading 2803 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2804.10 through 2804.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 2804.61 through 2804.69 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 2804.70 through 2804.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2805 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2806.10 through 2806.20 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2807 through 2808 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheadings 2809.10 through 2809.20 from any other subheading.

11. A change to heading 2810 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheading 2811.11 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheading 2811.12 from any other subheading.

13A. A change to subheading 2811.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2811.12 or 2811.22.

14. A change to subheading 2811.21 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 2811.22 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2505.10, 2506.10 or 2811.19.

16. A change to subheadings 2811.29 through 2813.90 from any other subheading.

17. A change to heading 2814 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 2815.11 through 2815.12 from any other subheading outside that group.

19. A change to subheadings 2815.20 through 2816.10 from any other subheading.

20. A change to subheading 2816.40 from any other subheading, except a change to oxide, hydroxide or peroxide of strontium

from subheading 2530.90.

21. A change to heading 2817 from any other heading except from heading 2608.

22. A change to subheadings 2818.10 through 2818.30 from any other subheading, except from heading 2606 or subheading

2620.40.

23. A change to subheadings 2819.10 through 2819.90 from any other subheading.

24. A change to subheadings 2820.10 through 2820.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90 or heading

2602.

25. A change to subheading 2821.10 from any other subheading.

26. A change to subheading 2821.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.30 or 2601.11 through 2601.20.

27. A change to heading 2822 from any other heading except from heading 2605.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.472

DR-CAFTA

28. A change to heading 2823 from any other heading.

29. A change to subheadings 2824.10 through 2824.90 from any other subheading, except from heading 2607.

30. A change to subheadings 2825.10 through 2825.40 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheading 2825.50 from any other subheading, except from heading 2603.

32. A change to subheading 2825.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2615.10.

33. A change to subheading 2825.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2613.10.

34. A change to subheading 2825.80 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2617.10.

35. A change to subheading 2825.90 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in subheading 2825.90 results

from a chemical reaction.

36. A change to subheadings 2826.12 through 2833.19 from any other subheading.

37. A change to subheading 2833.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.20.

38. A change to subheadings 2833.22 through 2833.26 from any other subheading.

39. A change to subheading 2833.27 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2511.10.

40. A change to subheading 2833.29 from any other subheading, except from heading 2520.

41. A change to subheadings 2833.30 through 2833.40 from any other subheading.

42. A change to subheadings 2834.10 through 2834.29 from any other subheading.

43. A change to subheadings 2835.10 through 2835.25 from any other subheading.

44. A change to subheading 2835.26 from any other subheading, except from heading 2510.

45. A change to subheadings 2835.29 through 2835.39 from any other subheading.

46.

[Rule deleted.]

47. A change to subheading 2836.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90.

48. A change to subheadings 2836.30 through 2836.40 from any other subheading.

49. A change to subheading 2836.50 from any other subheading, except from heading 2509, subheading 2517.41 or 2517.49,

heading 2521 or subheading 2530.90

50. A change to subheading 2836.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2511.20.

51.

[Rule deleted.]

52. A change to subheading 2836.91 from any other subheading.

53. A change to subheading 2836.92 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2530.90.

54.

(A) A change to commercial ammonium carbonate or other ammonium carbonates of subheading 2836.99 from any other

subheading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.473

DR-CAFTA

(B) A change to bismuth carbonate of subheading 2836.99 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2617.90; or

(C) A change to lead carbonates of subheading 2836.99 from any other subheading, except from heading 2607; or

(D) A change to other goods of subheading 2836.99 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in subheading

2836.99 results from a chemical reaction.

55. A change to subheadings 2837.11 through 2837.20 from any other subheading.

56.

[Rule deleted.]

57. A change to subheadings 2839.11 through 2839.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

58. A change to subheading 2839.90 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheadings 2840.11 through 2840.20 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

2528.10.

60. A change to subheading 2840.30 from any other subheading.

61. A change to subheading 2841.30 from any other subheading.

62.

(A) A change to chromates of zinc or lead of subheading 2841.50 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to potassium dichromate of subheading 2841.50 from any other good of subheading 2841.50 or any other

subheading; or

(C) A change to other chromates, dichromates or peroxochromates of subheading 2841.50 from potassium dichromate of

subheading 2841.50 or any other subheading, except from heading 2610.

63. A change to subheadings 2841.61 through 2841.69 from any other subheading outside that group.

64. A change to subheading 2841.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2613.90.

65. A change to subheading 2841.80 from any other subheading, except from heading 2611.

66.

(A) A change to aluminates of subheading 2841.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2841.90 from aluminates of subheading 2841.90 or from any other subheading,

provided that the good classified in subheading 2841.90 results from a chemical reaction.

67. A change to subheading 2842.10 from any other subheading.

68.

(A) A change to fulminates, cyanates or thiocyanates of subheading 2842.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2842.90 from any other subheading, provided that the good classified in

subheading 2842.90 results from a chemical reaction.

69. A change to subheading 2843.10 from any other subheading, except from headings 7106, 7108, 7110 or 7112.

70. A change to subheadings 2843.21 through 2843.29 from any other subheading.

71. A change to subheadings 2843.30 through 2843.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2616.90.

72. A change to subheading 2844.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2612.10.

73. A change to subheading 2844.20 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.474

DR-CAFTA

74. A change to subheading 2844.30 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2844.20.

75. A change to subheadings 2844.40 through 2844.50 from any other subheading.

76. A change to heading 2845 from any other heading.

77. A change to heading 2846 from any other heading, except from subheading 2530.90.

78. A change to heading 2847 from any other heading.

79. A change to subheadings 2849.10 through 2849.90 from any other subheading.

80. A change to heading 2850 from any other heading.

81. A change to heading 2852 from any other heading.

82. A change to heading 2853 from any other heading.

Chapter 29.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2901.10 through 2901.29 from any other subheading, except from acyclic petroleum oils of heading
2710 or from subheadings 2711.13, 2711.14, 2711.19 or 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2902.11 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 2902.19 from any other subheading, except from non-aromatic cyclic petroleum oils of subheadings
2707.50 or 2707.99 or heading 2710.

A change to subheading 2902.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.10, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheading 2902.30 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.20, 2707.50 or 2707.99.

A change to subheadings 2902.41 through 2902.44 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.30, 2707.50
or 2707.99.

A change to subheading 2902.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 2902.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.30, 2707.50 or 2707.99 or heading
2710.

A change to subheadings 2902.70 through 2902.90 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.50 or 2707.99
or heading 2710.

10. A change to subheadings 2903.11 through 2903.39 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 2903.71 through 2903.79 from any other subheading outside that group.

12. A change to subheadings 2903.81 through 2904.99 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheadings 2905.11 through 2905.19 from any other subheading.

14. A change to subheadings 2905.22 through 2905.29 from any other subheading, except from subheading 1301.90, 3301.90

or 3805.90.

15. A change to subheadings 2905.31 through 2905.44 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheading 2905.45 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.475

DR-CAFTA

17. A change to subheadings 2905.49 through 2905.59 from any other subheading.

18. A change to subheading 2906.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3301.24 or 3301.25.

19. A change to subheadings 2906.12 through 2906.13 from any other subheading.

20.

[Rule deleted.]

21.

(A) A change to terpineols of subheading 2906.19 from any other good, except from heading 3805; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2906.19 from pine oils of subheading 3805.90 or any other subheading, except

from subheading 3301.90 or any other goods of subheading 3805.90.

22. A change to subheading 2906.21 from any other subheading.

23. A change to subheading 2906.29 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.60 or 3301.90.

24. A change to subheading 2907.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.60.

25. A change to subheadings 2907.12 through 2907.22 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.99.

26. A change to subheading 2907.23 from any other subheading.

27. A change to subheading 2907.29 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2707.99; or

(A) A change to phenol-alcohols of subheading 2907.29 from any other good of subheading 2907.29; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2907.29 from phenol-alcohols of subheading 2907.29.

28. A change to heading 2908 from any other heading.

29. A change to subheadings 2909.11 through 2909.49 from any other subheading.

30. A change to subheading 2909.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

31. A change to subheading 2909.60 from any other subheading.

32. A change to subheadings 2910.10 through 2910.90 from any other subheading.

33. A change to heading 2911 from any other heading.

34. A change to subheadings 2912.11 through 2912.12 from any other subheading.

35. A change to subheadings 2912.19 through 2912.49 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

36. A change to subheadings 2912.50 through 2912.60 from any other subheading.

37. A change to heading 2913 from any other heading.

38. A change to subheadings 2914.11 through 2914.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

39. A change to subheading 2914.22 from any other subheading.

40. A change to subheading 2914.23 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

41.

(A) A change to camphor of subheading 2914.29 from any other subheading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.476

DR-CAFTA

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2914.29 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90 or

3805.90.

42. A change to subheadings 2914.31 through 2914.39 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

3301.90.

43. A change to subheadings 2914.40 through 2914.79 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

44. A change to subheadings 2915.11 through 2915.33 from any other subheading.

45. A change to any other good of subheading 2914.29 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90 or 3805.90.

45A. (A) A change to isobutyl acetate or 2-ethoxyethyl acetate of subheading 2915.39 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2915.39 from any other subheading except from subheading 3301.10.

46. A change to subheadings 2915.40 through 2915.90 from any other subheading.

47. A change to subheadings 2916.11 through 2916.20 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheadings 2916.31 through 2916.39 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

49. A change to subheadings 2917.11 through 2917.39 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheadings 2918.11 through 2918.22 from any other subheading.

51. A change to subheading 2918.23 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

52. A change to subheadings 2918.29 through 2918.30 from any other subheading.

53. A change tosubheadings 2918.91 through 2918.99 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

54. A change to heading 2919 from any other heading.

55. A change to subheadings 2920.11 through 2926.90 from any other subheading.

56. A change to headings 2927 through 2928 from any other heading.

57. A change to subheadings 2929.10 through 2930.90 from any other subheading.

58. A change to heading 2931 from any other heading.

59. A change to subheadings 2932.11 through 2932.99 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3301.90.

60. A change to subheadings 2933.11 through 2934.99 from any other subheading.

61. A change to heading 2935 from any other heading.

62. A change to subheadings 2936.21 through 2936.29 from any other subheading.

63.

(A) A change to unmixed provitamins of subheading 2936.90 from any other good of subheading 2936.90 or from any other
subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2936.90 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2936.21 through

2936.29.

64. A change to headings 2937 through 2941 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.477

DR-CAFTA

65. A change to heading 2942 from any other chapter.

Chapter 30.

1.

A change to subheading 3001.20 through 3001.90 from any other subheading.

1A. A change to subheading 3002.11 through 3002.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

1B. A change to subheading 3002.20 through 3003.39 from any other subheading.

1C. A change to subheading 3003.41 through 3003.49 from any other subheading outside that group.

1D. A change to subheading 3003.60 through 3003.90 from any other subheading.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 3004 from any other heading, except from heading 3003.

A change to subheading 3005.10 through 3006.70 from any other subheading.

A change tosubheadings 3006.91 through 3006.92 from any other subheading.

Chapter 31.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 3101 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3102.10 through 3102.80 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to calcium cyanamide of subheading 3102.90 from any other good of subheading 3102.90 or any other subheading;
or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3102.90 from calcium cyanamide of subheading 3102.90 or any other

subheading.

A change to subheadings 3103.11 through 3103.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

(A) A change to basic slag of subheading 3103.90 from any other good of subheading 3103.90 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3103.90 from basic slag of subheading 3103.90 or any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3104.20 through 3104.30 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to carnallite, sylvite or other crude natural potassium salts of subheading 3104.90 from any other good of
subheading 3104.90 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3104.90 from carnallite, sylvite or other crude natural potassium salts of

subheading 3104.90 or any other subheading.

8.

A change to subheadings 3105.10 through 3105.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 32.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 3201.10 through 3202.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3203 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.17 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3204.19 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.17.

GN p.478

DR-CAFTA

5.

6.

7.

8.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

A change to subheadings 3204.20 through 3204.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3205 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 3206.11 through 3206.42 from any other subheading outside that group.

(A) A change to concentrated dispersions of pigments in plastics materials of subheading 3206.49 from any other chapter;

or

(B) A change to pigments or preparations based on cadmium compounds of subheading 3206.49 from any other good, except
from pigments or preparations based on hexacyanoferrates of subheading 3206.49 or subheadings 3206.11 through
3206.42; or

(C) A change to pigments or preparations based on hexacyanoferrates of subheading 3206.49 from any other good, except
from pigments and preparations based on cadmium compounds of subheading 3206.49 or subheadings 3206.11 through
3206.42; or

(D) A change to any other good of subheading 3206.49 from any other subheading.

9.

A change to subheading 3206.50 from any other subheading.

10. A change to heading 3207 from any other chapter.

11. A change to headings 3208 through 3211 from any other heading.

12. A change to heading 3212 from any other chapter.

13. A change to headings 3213 through 3214 from any other heading.

14. A change to heading 3215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 33.

1.

A change to subheadings 3301.12 through 3301.13 from any other subheading.

1A.

(A) A change to essential oils of bergamot or lime of subheading 3301.19 from any other good of subheading 3301.19; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3301.19 from essential oils of bergamot or lime of subheading 3301.19 or

from any other subheading.

1B. A change to subheadings 3301.24 through 3301.25 from any other subheading.

1C.

(A) A change to essential oils of geranium, jasmine, lavender, lavandin or vetiver of subheading 3301.29 from any other good
of subheading 3301.29; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3301.29 from essential oils of geranium, of jasmine, of lavender, of lavandin,

or of vetiver of subheading 3301.29 or from any other subheading.

1D. A change to subheadings 3301.30 through 3301.90 from any other subheading.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to heading 3302 from any other heading, except from headings 2207 or 2208.

A change to heading 3303 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3304.10 through 3306.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3306.20 from any other subheading, except from chapter 54.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.479

DR-CAFTA

6.

A change to subheadings 3306.90 through 3307.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 34.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 3401 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3402.11 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3402.12 through 3402.19 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3402.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3402.90.

A change to subheading 3402.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3403.11 through 3403.19 from any other subheading, except from headings 2710 or 2712.

A change to subheadings 3403.91 through 3403.99 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3404.20 from any other subheading.

8A.

(A) A change to artificial waxes or prepared waxes of chemically modified lignite of subheading 3404.90 from any other good
of subheading 3404.90 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3404.90 from any other subheading.

8B. A change to subheadings 3405.10 through 3505.90 from any other subheading.

9.

A change to headings 3406 through 3407 from any other heading.

Chapter 35.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheadings 3501.10 through 3501.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from heading 0407.

A change to subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3503 through 3504 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3505.10 through 3505.20 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3506 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3507.10 through 3507.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 36.

1.

A change to headings 3601 through 3606 from any other heading.

Chapter 37.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 3701 through 3703 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 3704 through 3706 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3707.10 through 3707.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.480

DR-CAFTA

Chapter 38.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 3801.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3801.20 from any other subheading, except from heading 2504 or subheading 3801.10.

A change to subheading 3801.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3801.90 from any other subheading, except from heading 2504.

A change to headings 3802 through 3804 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3805 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3806.10 through 3806.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3807 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3808.52 through 3808.59 from any other subheading outside that group provided that 50 percent by
weight of the active ingredient or ingredients is originating.

9A. A change to subheading 3808.61 through 3808.99 from any other subheading provided that 50 percent by weight of the active

ingredient or ingredients is originating.

10. A change to subheading 3809.10 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3505.10.

11. A change to subheadings 3809.91 through 3809.93 from any other subheading.

12. A change to headings 3810 through 3816 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to heading 3817 from any other heading, except from subheading 2902.90; or

(B) A change to mixed alkylbenzenes of heading 3817 from mixed alkylnaphthalenes of heading 3817; or

(C) A change to mixed alkylnapththalenes of heading 3817 from mixed alkylbenzenes of heading 3817.

14. A change to heading 3818 from any other heading.

15. A change to heading 3819 from any other heading, except from heading 2710.

16. A change to heading 3820 from any other heading, except from subheading 2905.31.

17. A change to heading 3821 from any other heading.

18. A change to heading 3822 from any other heading, except from subheadings 3002.10 or 3502.90 or heading 3504.

19. A change to subheadings 3823.11 through 3823.13 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

20. A change to subheading 3823.19 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheading 3823.70 from any other subheading, except from heading 1520.

22. A change to subheading 3824.10 from any other subheading.

23. A change to subheading 3824.30 from any other subheading, except from heading 2849.

24. A change to subheadings 3824.40 through 3824.60 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.481

DR-CAFTA

25. A change to subheadings 3824.71 through 3824.99 from any other subheading.

26. A change to heading 3825 from any other chapter, except from chapters 28 through 37, 40 or 90.

27. A change to heading 3826 from any other heading.

Chapter 39.

1.

A change to headings 3901 through 3915 from any other heading, provided that the originating polymer content is not less
than 50 percent by weight of the total polymer content.

Note: The following tariff classification rules 1A through 1E for headings 3901 through 3915 shall also apply with respect to goods
of Dominican Republic for a period of two years after the date of entry into force of the Agreement specified in subdivision (a) of
this note as between Dominican Republic and the United States, after which period this note and tariff classification rules 1A through
1E below shall be deleted from the tariff schedule.

1A. A change to subheadings 3903.20 through 3903.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent when the build-down method is used.

1B. A change to subheadings 3904.21 through 3904.40 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent when the build-down method is used.

1C. A change to subheadings 3905.12 through 3905.29 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent when the build-down method is used.

1D. A change to subheading 3906.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

when the build-down method is used.

1E. A change to subheadings 3907.50 through 3907.99 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 3916.10 through 3918.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading outside that group.

(A) A change to subheadings 3920.10 through 3920.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

25 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

30 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 3921.11 through 3921.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3922 through 3926 from any other heading.

Chapter 40.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.30 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.30 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than 30 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

(A) A change to headings 4002 through 4006 from any other heading, except from heading 4001; or

(B) A change to headings 4002 through 4006 from heading 4001 or from any other heading, provided there is a regional

value content of not less than 30 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.482

DR-CAFTA

3.

A change to headings 4007 through 4017 from any other heading.

Chapter 41.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4101 that have undergone a reversible tanning (including a pre-tanning) process,

from any other good of heading 4101 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4101 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a reversible tanning (including a pre-tanning) process,

from any other good of heading 4102 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4102 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a reversible tanning (including a pre-tanning) process,

from any other good of heading 4103 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4103 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 4104.11 through 4104.49 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to heading 4105 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a

reversible tanning (including a pre-tanning) process or from heading 4112; or

(B) A change to heading 4105 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4106 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a

reversible tanning (including a pre-tanning) process or from heading 4113; or

(B) A change to heading 4106 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91.

A change to heading 4107 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 4112 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a

reversible tanning (including a pre-tanning) process or from heading 4105; or

(B) A change to heading 4112 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4113 from any other heading except from hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a

reversible tanning (including a pre-tanning) process or from heading 4106; or

(B) A change to heading 4113 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.90.

10. A change to subheadings 4114.10 through 4115.20 from any other subheading.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4201 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4202.11 from any other chapter.

Subheading rule: The provisions of subdivision (d)(vi) of this note apply to this subheading.

3.

A change to subheading 4202.12 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

4.

A change to subheadings 4202.19 through 4202.21 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.483

DR-CAFTA

Subheading rule: The provisions of subdivision (d)(vi) of this note apply to this subheading.

5.

A change to subheading 4202.22 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

6.

A change to subheadings 4202.29 through 4202.31 from any other chapter.

Subheading rule: The provisions of subdivision (d)(vi) of this note apply to this subheading.

7.

A change to subheading 4202.32 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

8.

A change to subheadings 4202.39 through 4202.91 from any other chapter.

Subheading rule: The provisions of subdivision (d)(vi) of this note apply to this subheading.

9.

A change to subheading 4202.92 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

10. A change to subheading 4202.99 from any other chapter.

11. A change to subheadings 4203.10 through 4203.29 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheadings 4203.30 through 4203.40 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to articles of leather or of composition leather, of a kind used in machinery or mechanical appliances or for other
technical uses of heading 4205 from any other good of heading 4205 or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4205 from articles of leather or of composition leather, of a kind used in machinery

or mechanical appliances or for other technical uses of heading 4205 or from any other heading.

14. A change to heading 4206 from any other heading.

Chapter 43.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4301 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4302 through 4304 from any other heading.

Chapter 44.

1.

A change to headings 4401 through 4421 from any other heading.

Chapter 45.

1.

A change to headings 4501 through 4504 from any other heading.

Chapter 46.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4602 from any other heading.

Chapter 47.

1.

A change to headings 4701 through 4707 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.484

DR-CAFTA

Chapter 48.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to headings 4801 through 4807 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4808 from any other heading.

A change to heading 4809 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4810 through 4811 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4812 through 4817 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 4818.10 through 4818.30 from any other heading, except from heading 4803.

A change to subheadings 4818.50 through 4818.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4819 through 4822 from any heading outside that group.

(A) A change to floor coverings on a base of paper or of paperboard, whether or not cut to size, of subheading 4823.90 from
any other good of heading 4823 or any other heading, except from headings 4812 through 4817; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4823 from floor coverings on a base of paper or of paperboard, whether or not

cut to size, of subheading 4823.90; or

(C) A change to any other good of heading 4823 from any other heading.

Chapter 49.

1.

A change to headings 4901 through 4911 from any other chapter.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any heading.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5405 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.485

DR-CAFTA

2.

3.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5309 through 5311 from any heading outside that group.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.47.10 or 5402.52.10, or from any other
chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to any other tariff item of heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5408 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509
through 5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5501 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through
5405.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113 or 5204 through
5212, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 5801.10 through 5806.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to subheading 5806.20 from any other chapter except from headings 5208 through 5212, 5407 through 5408 or
5512 through 5516.

A change to subheading 5806.31 through 5811.00 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5310
through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.486

DR-CAFTA

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5310
through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311 or 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6001 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, chapter 52, headings 5310
through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 6002 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 6003 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, chapter 52,
headings 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 61.

Chapter rule 1. Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following headings and subheadings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets,
skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory
of one or more of the parties to the Agreement:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.35 through
6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for
visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main
body of the garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

Chapter rule 3: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter, other than a good of subheading 6102.20,
tariff item 6102.90.90 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6104.13.20, 6104.19.15, 6104.19.60 (for jackets imported as parts of
suits), 6104.19.80 (for jackets imported as parts of suits and subject to cotton restraints), 6104.19.80 (for goods subject to man-made
fiber restraints), 6104.22.00 (for garments described in heading 6102 or jackets and blazers described in heading 6104), 6104.29.20
(for garments described in heading 6102 or jackets and blazers described in heading 6104, the foregoing subject to cotton restraints),
subheading 6104.32, tariff item 6104.39.20 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6112.11.00 (for women’s or girls’ garments
described in headings 6101 or 6102), 6113.00.90 (for coats and jackets of cotton, for women or girls) or 6117.90.90 (for coats and
jackets of cotton), containing fabrics of subheading 5806.20 or heading 6002 shall be considered originating only if such fabrics are
both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Chapter rule 4: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter, other than a good of subheading 6102.20,
tariff item 6102.90.90 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6104.13.20, 6104.19.15, 6104.19.60 (for jackets imported as parts of
suits), 6104.19.80 (for jackets imported as parts of suits and subject to cotton restraints or for goods subject to man-made fiber
restraints), 6104.22.00 (for garments described in heading 6102 or jackets and blazers described in heading 6104), 6104.29.20
(for garments described in heading 6102 or jackets and blazers described in heading 6104, the foregoing subject to cotton restraints),
subheading 6104.32, tariff item 6104.39.20 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6112.11.00 (for women’s or girls’ garments
described in headings 6101 or 6102), 6113.00.90 (for coats and jackets of cotton, for women or girls) or 6117.90.90 (for coats and
jackets of cotton), containing sewing thread of heading 5204, 5401, or 5508 or yarn of heading 5402 used as sewing thread, shall

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.487

DR-CAFTA

be considered originating only if such sewing thread or yarn is both formed and finished in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement.

Chapter rule 5. Notwithstanding chapter rule 2, a good of this chapter, other than a good of subheading 6102.20, tariff item
6102.90.90 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6104.13.20, 6104.19.15, 6104.19.60 (for jackets imported as parts of suits),
6104.19.80 (for jackets imported as parts of suits and subject to cotton restraints or for goods subject to man-made fiber restraints),
6104.22.00 (for garments described in heading 6102 or jackets and blazers described in heading 6104), 6104.29.20 (for garments
described in heading 6102 or jackets and blazers described in heading 6104, the foregoing subject to cotton restraints), subheading
6104.32, tariff item 6104.39.20 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6112.11.00 (for women’s or girls’ garments described in
headings 6101 or 6102), 6113.00.90 (for coats and jackets of cotton, for women or girls) or 6117.90.90 (for coats and jackets of
cotton), that contains a pocket or pockets shall be considered originating only if the pocket bag fabric has been formed and finished
in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement from yarn wholly formed in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement.

Chapter rule 6. Notwithstanding chapter rules 1, 3, 4 or 5 to this chapter, an apparel good of chapter 61 shall be considered
originating regardless of the origin of any visible lining fabric described in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, narrow elastic fabrics as
described in chapter rule 3 to this chapter, sewing thread or yarn of heading 5402 used as sewing thread described in chapter rule
4 to this chapter or pocket bag fabric described in chapter rule 5 to this chapter, provided such material is listed in U.S. note 20 to
subchapter XXII of chapter 98 and the good meets all other applicable requirements for preferential tariff treatment under this note.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.20 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

2.

(A) A change to goods of wool or fine animal hair of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, or 6001 through 6006,
provided that: [Compiler's note: (i) and (ii) below are subordinate to this paragraph (A).]

(i) the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement, and

(ii)

any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61;
or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement.

3.

A change to subheading 6102.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

3A. A change to subheading 6102.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

3B. A change to subheading 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.488

DR-CAFTA

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

4.

A change to goods subject to cotton restraints of tariff item 6102.90.90 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut
or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

4A. A change to any other good of subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

5.

(A) A change to tariff items 6103.10.70 or 6103.10.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

(B) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, heading 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the
parties to the Agreement, and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

6.

7.

8.

61.

[Rule deleted.]

[Rule deleted.]

A change to subheadings 6103.22 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

9.

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

10. A change to tariff items 6103.39.40 or 6103.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

11. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.489

DR-CAFTA

12. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

13.

[Rule deleted.]

13A. [Rule deleted.]

13B. [Rule deleted.]

13C. A change to tariff item 6104.13.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

13D. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

14. A change to tariff item 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 (except jackets imported as parts of suits and subject to cotton restraints and

except goods subject to man-made fiber restraints) from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

14A. A change to tariff items 6104.19.15, 6104.19.60 or 6104.19.80 (for jackets imported as parts of suits and subject to cotton
restraints or for goods subject to man-made fiber restraints) from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to
shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

15. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

16.

[Rule deleted.]

16A. A change to garments described in heading 6102 or to jackets and blazers described in heading 6104 and subject to cotton

restraints, imported as parts of ensembles of subheading 6104.22 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit
to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

16B. A change to any other good of subheading 6104.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104, or a skirt described

in heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1
for chapter 61.

16C. A change to subheading 6104.23 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.490

DR-CAFTA

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104, or a skirt described

in heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1
for chapter 61.

16D. A change to garments described in heading 6102 or to jackets and blazers described in heading 6104 and subject to cotton

restraints, imported as parts of ensembles of subheading 6104.29 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit
to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

16E. A change to any other good of subheading 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104, or a skirt described

in heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1
for chapter 61.

17. A change to subheading 6104.31 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

17A. A change to subheading 6104.32 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

17B. A change to subheading 6104.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

18. A change to subheading 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to
shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

18A. A change to garments described in heading 6102 or to jackets and blazers described in heading 6104 and subject to cotton
restraints, imported as parts of ensembles of tariff item 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

19. A change to any other good of subheading 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.491

DR-CAFTA

20. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

21. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6101 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

22. A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

23. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

24. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

25. A change to headings 6105 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

[TCRs 26 through 32 deleted]

33. A change to women’s or girls’ garments described in heading 6102 imported as parts of track suits of tariff item 6112.11.00

from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of one or more of the parties.

33A. A change to any other good of tariff item 6112.11.00 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

33B. A change to subheadings 6112.12 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

34. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made

fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must
satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.492

DR-CAFTA

35. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

36. A change to coats or jackets of cotton, for women or girls, of tariff item 6113.00.90 from any other chapter, provided that the

good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

37. A change to any other good of heading 6113 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

38. A change to headings 6114 through 6116 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

39. A change to subheadings 6117.10 through 6117.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

40. A change to coats or jackets of cotton of tariff item 6117.90.90 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to

shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

41. A change to any other good of subheading 6117.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

Chapter 62.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff item 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following headings and subheadings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets,
skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, other than men’s and boys’ and women’s and girls’ suits,
trousers, suit-type jackets and blazers, vests and women’s and girls’ skirts of wool fabric, of subheadings 6203.11, 6203.31, 6203.41,
6204.11, 6204.31, 6204.51, 6204.61, 6211.39 or 6211.49, provided that such goods are not made of carded wool fabric or made
from wool yarn having an average fiber diameter of less than or equal to 18.5 microns, must be both formed from yarn and finished
in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.35 through
6005.44, or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.493

DR-CAFTA

visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the
garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

Chapter rule 3: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter, other than--

(a) a good of headings 6207 through 6208 (for boxers, pajamas and sleepwear only), subheading 6204.23, 6204.29, 6204.32,
6212.10, tariff item 6202.12.20, 6202.19.90 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6202.91.15 or 6202.91.60 (for goods for
women), 6202.92.05, 6202.92.12 or 6202.92.90 (other than padded, sleeveless jackets without attachments for sleeves),
6202.92.30, 6202.93.45, 6202.99.15 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6202.99.80, 6203.39.90 (for goods subject to
wool restraints), 6204.12.00 (for jackets imported as parts of suits), 6204.13.20, 6204.19.20, 6204.19.80 (for jackets imported
as parts of suits and subject to cotton restraints, or for goods subject to man-made fiber restraints), 6204.22.30 (for garments
described in heading 6202, or for jackets and blazers described in heading 6204), 6204.33.20, 6204.39.80, 6204.42.30 (for
garments for girls, other than of corduroy), 6204.43.40 (for garments for girls), 6204.44.40 (for garments for girls), 6205.20.20
(for dress shirts for men, with two or more colors in the warp and/or the filling, each with collar and sleeve size stated in inches,
without dual collar sizing, the foregoing individually packaged with chipboards, pins, jett clips, individual polybags and hang
tags ready for retail sale), 6205.30.20 (for dress shirts for men, with two or more colors in the warp and/or the filling, each with
collar and sleeve size stated in inches, without dual collar sizing, the foregoing individually packaged with chipboards, pins,
jett clips, individual polybags and hang tags ready for retail sale), 6209.20.10, 6210.30.90 (for garments other than of linen),
6210.50.22 (for anoraks), 6210.50.80, 6211.20.15 (for anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers, and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), for women or girls, of cotton, imported as parts of ski suits), 6211.20.58 (for goods of
cotton), 6211.49.15 (for jackets and jacket-type garments excluded from heading 6202), 6211.42.05 or 6211.42.10 (for track
suits, other than trousers, or for jackets and jacket-type garments excluded from heading 6202), 6211.49.60, or 6217.90.90
(for coats and jackets, of cotton); or

(b) men’s and boys’ and women’s and girls’ suits, trousers, suit-type jackets and blazers, vests, and women’s and girls’ skirts of

wool fabric, of subheadings 6203.11, 6203.31, 6203.41, 6204.11, 6204.31, 6204.51, 6204.61, 6211.39, or 6211.49, provided
that such goods are not made of carded wool fabric or made from wool yarn having an average fiber diameter of less than or
equal to 18.5 microns,

containing fabrics of heading 6002 or subheading 5806.20 shall be considered originating only if such fabrics are both formed from
yarn and finished in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Chapter rule 4. Notwithstanding chapter rule 2, a good of this chapter, other than--

(a) a good of headings 6207 through 6208 (for boxers, pajamas, and sleepwear only), subheading 6204.23, 6204.29, 6204.32,
6212.10, tariff item 6202.12.20, 6202.19.90 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6202.91.15 or 6202.91.60 (for goods for
women), 6202.92.05, 6202.92.12 or 6202.92.90 (other than padded, sleeveless jackets without attachments for sleeves),
6202.92.30, 6202.93.45, 6202.99.15 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6202.99.80, 6203.39.90 (for goods subject to
wool restraints), 6204.12.00 (for jackets imported as parts of suits), 6204.13.20, 6204.19.20, 6204.19.80 (for jackets imported
as parts of suits and subject to cotton restraints, or for goods subject to man-made fiber restraints), 6204.22.30 (for garments
described in heading 6202, or for jackets and blazers described in heading 6204), 6204.33.20, 6204.39.80, 6204.42.30 (for
garments for girls, other than of corduroy), 6204.43.40 (for garments for girls), 6204.44.40 (for garments for girls), 6205.20.20
(for dress shirts for men, with two or more colors in the warp and/or the filling, each with collar and sleeve size stated in inches,
without dual collar sizing, the foregoing individually packaged with chipboards, pins, jett clips, individual polybags and hang
tags ready for retail sale), 6205.30.20 (for dress shirts for men, with two or more colors in the warp and/or the filling, each with
collar and sleeve size stated in inches, without dual collar sizing, the foregoing individually packaged with chipboards, pins,
jett clips, individual polybags and hang tags each for retail sale), 6209.20.10, 6210.30.90 (for garments other than of linen),
6210.50.22 (for anoraks), 6210.50.80, 6211.20.15 (for anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers, and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), for women or girls, of cotton, imported as parts of ski suits), 6211.20.58 (for goods of
cotton), 6211.49.15 or 6211.49.60 (for jackets and jacket-type garments excluded from heading 6202), 6211.42.05 or 6211.42.10
(for track suits, other than trousers, or for jackets and jacket-type garments excluded from heading 6202) or 6217.90.90 (for
coats and jackets, of cotton); or

(b) men’s and boys’ and women’s and girls’ suits, trousers, suit-type jackets and blazers, vests and women’s and girls’ skirts of

wool fabric, of subheadings 6203.11, 6203.31, 6203.41, 6204.11, 6204.31, 6204.51, 6204.61, 6211.39 or 6211.49, provided
that such goods are not made of carded wool fabric or made from wool yarn having an average fiber diameter of less than or
equal to 18.5 microns,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.494

DR-CAFTA

containing sewing thread of heading 5204, 5401 or 5508 or yarn of heading 5402 used as sewing thread shall be considered
originating only if such sewing thread or yarn is both formed and finished in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Chapter Rule 5. Notwithstanding chapter rule 2, a good of this chapter, other than--

(a) a good of headings 6207 through 6208 (for boxers, pajamas, and sleepwear only), subheading 6204.23, 6204.29, 6204.32,
6212.10, tariff item 6202.12.20, 6202.19.90 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6202.91.15 or 6202.91.60 (for goods for
women), 6202.92.05, 6202.92.12 or 6202.92.90 (for goods other than padded, sleeveless jackets without attachments for
sleeves), 6202.92.30, 6202.93.45, 6202.99.15 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6202.99.80, 6203.39.90 (for goods
subject to wool restraints), 6204.12.00 (for jackets imported as parts of suits), 6204.13.20, 6204.19.20, 6204.19.80 (for jackets
imported as parts of suits and subject to cotton restraints, or for goods subject to man-made fiber restraints), 6204.22.30 (for
garments described in heading 6202, or for jackets and blazers described in heading 6204), 6204.33.20, 6204.39.80, 6204.42.30
(for garments for girls, other than of corduroy), 6204.43.40 (for garments for girls), 6204.44.40 (for garments for girls), 6205.20.20
(for dress shirts for men, with two or more colors in the warp and/or the filling with two or more colors in the warp and/or the
filling, each with collar and sleeve size stated in inches, without dual collar sizing, the foregoing individually packaged with
chipboards, pins, jett clips, individual polybags and hang tags ready for retail sale), 6205.30.20 (for dress shirts for men, with
two or more colors in the warp and/or the filling, each with collar and sleeve size stated in inches, without dual collar sizing,
the foregoing individually packaged with chipboards, pins, jett clips, individual polybags and hang tags ready for retail sale),
6209.20.10, 6210.30.90 (for garments other than of linen), 6210.50.22 (for anoraks), 6210.50.80, 6211.20.15 (for anoraks
(including ski-jackets), windbreakers, and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), for women or girls, of cotton,
imported as parts of ski suits), 6211.20.58 (for goods of cotton), 6211.49.15 or 6211.49.60 (for jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6202), 6211.42.05 or 6211.42.10 (for track suits, other than trousers, or for jackets and jacket-type
garments excluded from heading 6202) or 6217.90.90 (for coats and jackets, of cotton); or

(b) men’s and boys’ and women’s and girls’ suits, trousers, suit-type jackets and blazers, vests and women’s and girls’ skirts of

wool fabric, of subheadings 6203.11, 6203.31, 6203.41, 6204.11, 6204.31, 6204.51, 6204.61, 6211.39 or 6211.49, provided
that such goods are not made of carded wool fabric or made from wool yarn having an average fiber diameter of less than or
equal to 18.5 microns,

that contains a pocket or pockets shall be considered originating only if the pocket bag fabric has been formed and finished in the
territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement from yarn wholly formed in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement.

Chapter rule 6: Notwithstanding chapter rules 1, 3, 4 or 5 to this chapter, an apparel good of chapter 62 shall be considered
originating regardless of the origin of any visible lining fabric described in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, narrow elastic fabrics as
described in chapter rule 3 to this chapter, sewing thread or yarn of heading 5402 used as sewing thread described in chapter rule
4 to this chapter or pocket bag fabric described in chapter rule 5, provided such material is listed in U.S. note 20 to subchapter XXII
of chapter 98 and the good meets all other applicable requirements for preferential tariff treatment under this note.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.495

DR-CAFTA

4.

5.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

A change to subheading 6202.11 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

5A. A change to tariff item 6202.12.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

5B. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6202.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

5C. A change to subheading 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

6.

A change to goods subject to cotton restraints of tariff item 6202.19.90 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut
or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

6A. A change to any other good of subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

7.

A change to goods for women of tariff item 6202.91.15 or 6202.91.60 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

7A. A change to any other good of subheading 6202.91 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

7B. A change to tariff items 6202.92.05, 6202.92.12, 6202.92.30 or 6202.92.90 (other than padded, sleeveless jackets without

attachments for sleeves) from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

7C. A change to any other good of subheading 6202.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.496

DR-CAFTA

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

7D. A change to tariff item 6202.93.45 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

7E. A change to any other good of subheading 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

8.

A change to goods subject to cotton restraints of tariff item 6202.99.15 or 6202.99.80 from any other chapter, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

8A. A change to any other good of subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

9.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 6203.19.50 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or
more of the parties to the Agreement.

(B) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through
5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that:

(i)

(ii)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the
parties to the Agreement, and

any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter
62.

11. A change to subheadings 6203.22 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.497

DR-CAFTA

12. A change to subheadings 6203.31 through 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

13. A change to tariff items 6203.39.50 or 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

13A. A change to goods subject to wool restraints of tariff item 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or

knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

14. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

15. A change to subheadings 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

16. A change to subheading 6204.11 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 58.01 through 58.02,or 60.01 through 60.06, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

16A. A change to jackets imported as parts of suits of subheading 6204.12 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or

knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

16B. A change to any other good of subheading 6204.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 58.01 through 58.02,or 60.01 through 60.06,
provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

16C. A change to tariff item 6204.13.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties.

16D. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 58.01 through 58.02,or 60.01 through 60.06,
provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.498

DR-CAFTA

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties,
and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.”

17. A change to tariff items 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

17A. A change to tariff item 6204.19.20 or to jackets imported as parts of suits and subject to cotton restraints or to goods subject
to man-made fiber restraints of tariff item 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or
both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

18. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

19. A change to subheading 6204.21 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204 or a skirt described

in heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1
for chapter 62.

19A. A change to garments described in heading 6202 or to jackets or blazers described in heading 6204 of tariff item 6204.22.30
from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

19B. A change to any other good of subheading 6204.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204 or a skirt described

in heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1
for chapter 62.

19C. A change to subheadings 6204.23 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or

both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

20. A change to subheading 6204.31 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310

through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.499

DR-CAFTA

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

20A. A change to subheading 6204.32 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

20B. A change to tariff item 6204.33.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

20C. A change to any other tariff item in subheading 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

21. A change to tariff item 6204.39.60 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

21A. A change to tariff item 6204.39.80 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

22. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

23. A change to subheading 6204.41 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

24. A change to goods for girls, other than of corduroy, of tariff item 6204.42.30 or to goods for girls of tariff items 6204.43.40 or
6204.44.40 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

25. A change to any other good of subheadings 6204.42 through 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111

through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one
or more of the parties to the Agreement.

26. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.500

DR-CAFTA

27. A change to subheading 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement.

28. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

29. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

30.

[Rule deleted.]

30A. A change to dress shirts for men, with two or more colors in the warp and/or the filling, each with collar and sleeve size stated

in inches, without dual collar sizing, the foregoing individually packaged with chipboards, pins, jett clips, individual polybags
and hang tags ready for retail sale, of tariff item 6205.20.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to
shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

30B. A change to any other good of subheading 6205.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

30C. A change to dress shirts for men, with two or more colors in the warp and/or the filling, each with collar and sleeve size stated

in inches, without dual collar sizing, the foregoing individually packaged with chipboards, pins, jett clips, individual polybags
and hang tags ready for retail sale, of tariff item 6205.30.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to
shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

30D. A change to any other good of subheading 6205.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

30E. A change to subheading 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

31. A change to heading 6206 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through

5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

32. A change to boxer shorts of subheading 6207.11, tariff items 6207.19.90 or 6208.91.30 or subheading 6208.92 from any other
chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or
more of the parties to the Agreement.

33. A change to pajamas and sleepwear of subheadings 6207.21 or 6207.22, tariff items 6207.91.30 or 6207.99.85, subheadings
6208.21 or 6208.22 or tariff items 6208.91.30, 6208.92.00 or 6208.99.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut
or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.501

DR-CAFTA

34. A change to any other tariff item of headings 6207 through 6208 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through
5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more
of the parties to the Agreement.

35. A change to tariff item 6209.20.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

35A. A change to any other tariff item of heading 6209 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

35B. A change to goods other than of linen tariff item 6210.30.90 or to anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar
articles of tariff item 6210.50.90 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

35C. A change to any other good of heading 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement.

36. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

37. A change to anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), imported

as parts of ski-suits, of cotton, for women or girls, of tariff items 6211.20.15 or 6211.20.58 from any other chapter, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

37A. A change to any other good of subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties
to the Agreement, and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 61.01, 6102, 62.01, or 62.02, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton, or man-made

fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must
satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

38. A change to subheadings 6211.32 through 6211.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

38A. [Rule deleted.]

38B. [Rule deleted.]

38C. A change to track suits (other than trousers) or to jackets and jacket-type garments excluded from heading 6202 of subheading
6211.42 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.502

DR-CAFTA

38D. A change to any other good of subheading 6211.42 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

38E. A change to tariff item 6211.49.41 (for jackets and jacket-type garments excluded from heading 6202) from any other chapter,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the
Parties.

38F. A change to any other tariff item of subheadings 6211.43 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the
parties to the Agreement.

39. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

40. A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

41. A change to headings 6213 through 6216 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut and knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

42. A change to coats or jackets of cotton of tariff item 6217.90.90 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to

shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

43. A change to any other good of heading 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut and knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to
the Agreement.

Chapter 63.

Chapter rule 1: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good.

Chapter rule 2: Notwithstanding chapter rule 1 to this chapter, a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of headings 5204,
5401, or 5508 or yarn of heading 5402 used as sewing thread, shall be considered originating only if such sewing thread or yarn
is wholly formed in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Chapter rule 3: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter shall be considered originating regardless of
the origin of sewing thread or yarn of heading 5402 used as sewing thread described in chapter rule 2 to this chapter, provided the
thread or yarn is listed in U.S. note 20 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 and the good meets all other applicable requirements for
preferential tariff treatment under this note.

1.

2.

A change to headings 6301 through 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement.

A change to subheading 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.47.10 or 5402.52.10 or any other chapter, except from headings
5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.503

DR-CAFTA

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to any other tariff item of heading 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the
parties to the Agreement.

A change to headings 6304 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the
Agreement.

A change to 6309 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, chapter 54, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Chapter 64.

Chapter rule 1: Notwithstanding the tariff classification rules for goods of chapter 64 set forth below, with respect to goods of chapter
64 falling in the following tariff provisions enumerated in this rule for which a rate of duty followed by the symbol “P” in parentheses
appears in the “Special” subcolumn of rate of duty column 1, an importer may claim preferential tariff treatment under this note for
a good of chapter 64 that meets any tariff classification rule for such good set forth in general note 11, 17, 25, 26 or 28 of the tariff
schedule:

tariff items 6401.92.30, 6401.92.60, 6401.99.80,6402.91.05, inclusive, 6402.91.16, 6402.91.30, 6402.91.40, 6402.91.60,
6402.91.70, 6402.99.04, 6402.99.12, 6402.99.21, 6402.99.23 through 6402.99.31, inclusive and 6402.99.41 through 6402.99.79,
inclusive; heading 6403; tariff items 6404.11.20 through 6404.19.15, inclusive, and 6404.19.25 through 6404.20.60, inclusive;
and headings 6405 and 6406.

1.

A change to subheading 6401.10, or tariff items 6401.92.90, 6401.99.10, 6401.99.30, 6401.99.60, 6401.99.90, 6402.91.10,
6402.91.20, 6402.91.26, 6402.91.50, 6402.91.70, 6402.91.80, 6402.91.90, 6402.99.08, 6402.99.16, 6402.99.19, 6402.99.33,
6402.99.80, 6402.99.90, 6404.11.90 or 6404.19.20 from any other heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from
subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent under the build-up method.

2.

A change to any other tariff item of chapter 64 from any other subheading.

Chapter 65.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 6501 through 6502 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 6504 through 6506 from any other heading, except from headings 6504 through 6507.

A change to heading 6507 from any other heading.

Chapter 66.

Heading rule: The provisions of subdivision (d)(vi) of this note apply to this heading. [heading 6601]

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6601 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 67.

1.

(A) A change to heading 6701 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to a good of feathers or down of heading 6701 from any other good, including a good in that heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.504

DR-CAFTA

2.

A change to headings 6702 through 6704 from any other heading.

Chapter 68.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 6801 through 6811 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 6812.80 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 6812.91 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 6812.92 through 6812.93 from any other subheading outside that group.

4A. A change to subheading 6812.99 from any other heading.

5.

6.

A change to headings 6813 through 6814 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 6815.10 through 6815.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 69.

1.

A change to headings 6901 through 6914 from any other chapter.

Chapter 70.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 7001 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.20 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7002.31 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7002.32 through 7002.39 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7003 through 7007 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to heading 7008 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7009 through 7018 from any other heading outside that group, except from headings 7007 through 7008
or glass inners for vacuum flasks or other vacuum vessels of heading 7020.

Heading rule: The provisions of subdivision (d)(vi) of this note apply to this heading.

9.

A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7020.

10. A change to heading 7020 from any other heading.

Chapter 71.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to heading 7101 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7102 through 7103 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7104 through 7105 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7106 through 7108 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7109 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.505

DR-CAFTA

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to headings 7110 through 7111 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7112 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7113 from any other heading, except from heading 7116.

A change to headings 7114 through 7115 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 7116 from any other heading, except from heading 7113.

11. A change to headings 7117 through 7118 from any other heading.

Chapter 72.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 7201 through 7205 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7206 through 7207 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7208 through 7229 from any other heading.

Chapter 73.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

(A) A change to headings 7301 through 7307 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to a good of subheading 7304.41 having an external diameter of less than 19 mm from subheading 7304.49.

A change to heading 7308 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed on
angles, shapes or sections classified in heading 7216:

(A) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(B) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(C) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(D) adding weldments, connectors, or attachments to H-sections or I-sections; provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(E) painting, galvanizing or otherwise coating; or

(F) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching or

cutting, to create a good suitable as a column.

A change to headings 7309 through 7311 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7312 through 7314 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 7315.11 through 7315.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 7315.11 through 7315.12 from subheading 7315.19, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.506

DR-CAFTA

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 7315.19 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7316 from any other heading, except from headings 7312 or 7315.

10. A change to headings 7317 through 7318 from any heading outside that group.

11. A change to headings 7319 through 7320 from any other heading.

12.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.11 from any other subheading, except cooking chambers, whether or not assembled, the

upper panel, whether or not with controls or burners, or door assembly, which includes more than one of the following
components: inside panel, external panel, window or insulation of subheading 7321.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 7321.11 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.89 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

14.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

15. A change to headings 7322 through 7323 from any heading outside that group.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.507

DR-CAFTA

17. A change to subheading 7324.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 7325.10 through 7326.20 from any subheading outside that group.

19. A change to subheading 7326.90 from any other heading, except from heading 7325.

Chapter 74.

1.

A change to headings 7401 through 7403 from any other heading.

2. No change in tariff classification is required for heading 7404, provided there is regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to headings 7405 through 7407 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7408 from any other heading, except from heading 7407.

A change to heading 7409 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7410 from any other heading, except from plate, sheet or strip classified in heading 7409 of a thickness
less than 5 mm.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 7411 through 7419 from any other heading.

Chapter 75.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7501 through 7505 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 7506 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to foil, not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness, from any other good of heading 7506, provided that there has been

a reduction in thickness of no less than 50 percent.

3.

A change to subheadings 7507.11 through 7508.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 76.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7603 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7604 from any other heading, except from headings 7605 through 7606.

A change to heading 7605 from any other heading, except from heading 7604.

A change to subheading 7606.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.12 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7605.

A change to subheading 7606.91 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7605.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.508

DR-CAFTA

10. A change to subheading 7607.11 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 7607.19 through 7607.20 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

35 percent when the build-down method is used.

12. A change to headings 7608 through 7609 from any other heading outside that group.

13. A change to headings 7610 through 7613 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheading 7614 from any other heading.

15. A change to heading 7615 from any other heading.

16. A change to subheading 7616.10 from any other heading.

17. A change to subheadings 7616.91 through 7616.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 78.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 7801 through 7802 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7804 from any other heading.

(A) A change to lead bars, rods, profiles and wire of heading 7806 from any other good of heading 7806 or any other heading;
or

(B) A change to lead tubes or pipes of heading 7806 and fittings for tubes or pipes (for example, couplings, elbows, sleeves)

of heading 7806 from any other good of heading 7806 or from any other heading; or

(C) A change to any other good of heading 7806 from lead bars, rods, profiles, wire and pipes of heading 7806; or from fittings

for tubes or pipes (for example, couplings, elbows, sleeves) of heading 7806 or any other heading.

Chapter 79.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 7901 through 7902 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7904 through 7905 from any other heading.

(A) A change to zinc tubes of heading 7907; or pipes and fittings for tubes or pipes (for example, couplings, elbows, sleeves)
of heading 7907, from any other good of heading 7907 or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 7907 from zinc tubes or pipes of heading 7907; or fittings for tubes or pipes (for

example, couplings, elbows, sleeves) of heading 7907 or any other heading.

Chapter 80.

1.

2.

A change to headings 8001 through 8002 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 8003 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.509

DR-CAFTA

3.

(A) A change to heading 8007 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to plates, sheets and strip, of a thickness exceeding 0.2mm, of heading 8007 from any other good of heading

8007; or

(C) A change to tin foil and strip, thin, (printed or even fixed on paper, cardboard, plastic or similar supports), of thickness

not exceeding 0.2 mm (without including the support); or to tin powders and flakes of heading 8007 from any other good
of heading 8007, except from plates, sheets and strip, of a thickness exceeding 0.2mm, of heading 8007; or

(D) A change to tin tubes or pipes and fittings for tubes and pipes (for example, couplings, elbows, sleeves) of heading 8007

from any other good of heading 8007.

4.

[Rule deleted.]

Chapter 81.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 8101.10 through 8101.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8101.96 from any other subheading, except from bars, rods, profiles, plates, sheets and strip, of
subheading 8101.99.

[Rule deleted.]

A change to subheading 8101.97 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to bars or rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering), profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading
8101.99 from any other good of subheading 8101.99 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8109.99 from bars or rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering),

profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading 8101.99 or any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8102.10 through 8102.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8102.95 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8102.96 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8102.95.

A change to subheading 8102.97 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 8102.99 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheading 8103.20 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheading 8103.30 from any other chapter.

13. A change to subheading 8103.90 from any other subheading.

14. A change to subheadings 8104.11 through 8104.20 from any other chapter.

15. A change to subheadings 8104.30 through 8104.90 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheading 8105.20 from any other chapter.

17. A change to subheading 8105.30 from any other chapter.

18. A change to subheading 8105.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.510

DR-CAFTA

19.

(A) A change to heading 8106 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

20. A change to subheading 8107.20 from any other chapter.

21. A change to subheading 8107.30 from any other chapter.

22. A change to subheading 8107.90 from any other subheading.

23. A change to subheading 8108.20 from any other chapter.

24. A change to subheading 8108.30 from any other chapter.

25. A change to subheading 8108.90 from any other subheading.

26. A change to subheading 8109.20 from any other chapter.

27. A change to subheading 8109.30 from any other chapter.

28. A change to subheading 8109.90 from any other subheading.

29.

(A) A change to heading 8110 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

30.

(A) A change to heading 8111 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

31. A change to subheading 8112.12 from any other chapter.

32. A change to subheading 8112.13 from any other chapter.

33. A change to subheading 8112.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

34.

(A) A change to subheadings 8112.21 through 8112.59 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.511

DR-CAFTA

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

35.

(A) A change to unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium waste, scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92
from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium
waste, scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used; or

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.92 from any other chapter.

36.

(A) A change to articles of vanadium or germanium of subheading 8112.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of germanium or vanadium, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used; or

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.99 from articles of germanium or vanadium of subheading 8112.99 or from

any other subheading.

37.

(A) A change to heading 8113 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Chapter 82.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 8201 through 8206 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 8207.13 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8207.13 from heading 8209 or subheading 8207.19, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 8207.19 through 8207.90 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to headings 8208 through 8215 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8211.91 through 8211.93 from subheading 8211.95, whether or not there is also a change from

another chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.512

DR-CAFTA

Chapter 83.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from subheading 8301.60, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

(A) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 8301.60 through 8301.70 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8302 through 8304 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 8305.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8306.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 8306.21 through 8306.30 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8307 from any other heading.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

11. A change to subheading 8308.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to headings 8309 through 8310 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.513

DR-CAFTA

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

14. A change to subheading 8311.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 84.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8401.40 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.11 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(II) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.19 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

8.

A change to subheading 8403.10 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.514

DR-CAFTA

9.

A change to subheading 8403.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 8404.10 from any other subheading.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 8404.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8404.20 from subheading 8404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

12. A change to subheading 8404.90 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheading 8405.10 from any other subheading.

14. A change to subheading 8405.90 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheading 8406.10 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheadings 8406.81 through 8406.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

17.

(A) A change to subheading 8406.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to rotors, finished for final assembly, from rotors of that subheading, not further advanced than cleaned or

machined for removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers, or to permit location in finishing machinery, of subheading 8406.90,
or from any other good, whether or not a change in tariff classification occurs; or

(C) A change to blades, rotating or stationary, of subheading 8406.90 from any other good, including a good in that subheading,

whether or not a change in tariff classification occurs.

18. A change to subheading 8407.10 from any other heading.

19. A change to subheadings 8407.21 through 8407.29 from any other heading.

20.

(A) A change to subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the net cost method is used,

(ii)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(iii) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

21. A change to subheading 8407.90 from any other heading.

22. A change to subheading 8408.10 from any other heading.

23.

(A) A change to subheading 8408.20 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the net cost method is used,

(ii)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.515

DR-CAFTA

(iii) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

24. A change to subheading 8408.90 from any other heading.

25. No change in tariff classification to heading 8409 is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the net cost method is used,

(B) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(C) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

26. A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from any other subheading outside that group.

27. A change to subheading 8410.90 from any other heading.

28. A change to subheadings 8411.11 through 8411.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

29. A change to subheadings 8411.91 through 8411.99 from any other heading.

30. A change to subheadings 8412.10 through 8412.80 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheading 8412.90 from any other heading.

32. A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from any other subheading.

33.

(A) A change to subheadings 8413.91 through 8413.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for subheading 8413.92, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

34.

(A) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from subheading 8414.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

35.

(A) A change to subheading 8414.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

36. A change to subheadings 8415.10 through 8415.83 from any other subheading.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8415.90 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.516

DR-CAFTA

(B) A change to chassis, chassis bases and outer cabinets of subheading 8415.90 from any other good, including a good in

that subheading.

38. A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8416.90 from any other subheading.

39. A change to subheadings 8417.10 through 8417.80 from any other subheading.

40. A change to subheading 8417.90 from any other heading.

41. A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.69 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

8418.91.

42. A change to subheadings 8418.91 through 8418.99 from any other heading.

43. A change to subheadings 8419.11 through 8419.89 from any other subheading.

44.

(A) A change to subheading 8419.90 any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

45. A change to subheading 8420.10 from any other subheading.

46. A change to subheadings 8420.91 through 8420.99 from any other heading.

47. A change to subheadings 8421.11 through 8421.39 from any other subheading.

48.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.91 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

49.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.99 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

50. A change to subheadings 8422.11 through 8422.40 from any other subheading.

51.

(A) A change to subheading 8422.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

52. A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.89 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.517

DR-CAFTA

53. A change to subheading 8423.90 from any other heading.

54. A change to subheadings 8424.10 through 8424.90 from any other subheading.

55. A change to subheadings 8425.11 through 8430.69 from any other subheading.

56.

(A) A change to heading 8431 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to subheadings 8431.10, 8431.31, 8431.39, 8431.43 or 8431.49 is required, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

57. A change to subheadings 8432.10 through 8432.90 from any other subheading.

58. A change to subheadings 8433.11 through 8433.90 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheadings 8434.10 through 8434.90 from any other subheading.

60. A change to subheadings 8435.10 through 8435.90 from any other subheading.

61. A change to subheadings 8436.10 through 8436.99 from any other subheading.

62. A change to subheadings 8437.10 through 8437.90 from any other subheading.

63. A change to subheadings 8438.10 through 8438.80 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheading 8438.90 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8439.99 from any other subheading.

66. A change to subheadings 8440.10 through 8440.90 from any other subheading.

67. A change to subheadings 8441.10 through 8441.80 from any other subheading.

68.

(A) A change to subheading 8441.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

69. A change to subheading 8442.30 from any other subheading.

70. A change to subheadings 8442.40 through 8442.50 from any other heading.

71.

(A) A change to subheading 8443.11 through 8443.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from machines

for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91; or

(B) A change to subheading 8443.11 through 8443.19 from machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.518

DR-CAFTA

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

72. A change to subheading 8443.31 from any other subheading.

73.

(A) A change to subheading 8443.32 from any other subheading, except from machines for uses ancillary to printing of
subheading 8443.91; or

(B) A change to subheading 8443.32 from machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91, provided there is

a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

73A. A change to subheading 8443.39 from any other subheading.

73B. (A) A change to machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91 from any other good of subheading 8443.91 or

from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8443.91 from any other heading.

73C. (A) A change to subheading 8443.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

74. A change to heading 8444 from any other heading.

75. A change to headings 8445 through 8447 from any other heading outside that group.

76. A change to subheadings 8448.11 through 8448.19 from any other subheading.

77. A change to subheadings 8448.20 through 8448.59 from any other heading.

78. A change to heading 8449 from any other heading.

79. A change to subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20 from any other subheading.

80. A change to subheading 8450.90 from any other heading.

81. A change to subheadings 8451.10 through 8451.80 from any other subheading.

82. A change to subheading 8451.90 from any other heading.

83. A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

84. A change to subheading 8452.30 from any other subheading.

85.

(A) A change to furniture, bases and covers for sewing machines and parts thereof of subheading 8452.90 from any other
good of subheading 8452.90 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8452.90 from any other heading.

86. A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.519

DR-CAFTA

87. A change to subheading 8453.90 from any other heading.

88. A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from any other subheading.

89. A change to subheading 8454.90 from any other heading.

90. A change to subheadings 8455.10 through 8455.90 from any other subheading.

91. A change to headings 8456 through 8463 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than

65 percent when the build down method is used.

92. A change to headings 8464 through 8465 from any other heading.

93. A change to heading 8466 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

94. A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.89 from any other subheading.

95. A change to subheading 8467.91 from any other heading.

96. A change to subheadings 8467.92 through 8467.99 from any other heading, except from heading 8407.

97. A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from any other subheading.

98. A change to subheading 8468.90 from any other heading.

99. A change to heading 8469 from any other heading.

100. [Rule deleted.]

101. A change to subheadings 8470.10 through 8471.90 from any other subheading.

102. A change to subheadings 8472.10 through 8472.90 from any other subheading.

103. (A) A change to subheadings 8473.21 through 8473.50 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

35 percent when the build-down method is used.

104. A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

105. (A) A change to subheading 8474.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

106. A change to subheading 8475.10 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.520

DR-CAFTA

107. A change to subheadings 8475.21 through 8475.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

108. A change to subheading 8475.90 from any other heading.

109. A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from any other subheading outside that group.

110. A change to subheading 8476.90 from any other heading.

111. A change to heading 8477 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used; or

112. A change to subheadings 8477.10 through 8477.80 from subheading 8477.90 provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

113. A change to subheading 8478.10 from any other subheading.

114. A change to subheading 8478.90 from any other heading.

115. A change to subheadings 8479.10 through 8479.89 from any other subheading.

116. A change to subheading 8479.90 from any other subheading.

117. A change to heading 8480 from any other heading.

118. A change to heading 8481 from any other heading.

119. (A) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from any subheading outside that group, except from inner or outer

rings or races of subheading 8482.99; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from inner or outer rings or races of subheading 8482.99, whether
or not there is also a change from any subheading outside that group, provided there is a regional value content of not
less than 40 percent when the build-up method is used.

120. A change to subheadings 8482.91 through 8482.99 from any other heading.

121. A change to subheading 8483.10 from any other subheading.

122. A change to subheading 8483.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80.

123. (A) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than

40 percent when the build up method is used.

124. (A) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through

8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10

through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90 provided there is a regional value content of not less than 40 percent when the
build up method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.521

DR-CAFTA

125. A change to subheading 8483.60 from any other subheading.

126. A change to subheading 8483.90 from any other heading.

127. A change to subheadings 8484.10 through 8484.90 from any other subheading.

128. (A) A change to subheading 8486.10 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

129. (A) A change to subheading 8486.20 from any other subheading, except from particle accelerators of subheading 8543.10;

or

(B) No change in tariff classification required provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

130. (A) A change to subheading 8486.30 through 8486.40 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

131. (A) A change to subheading 8486.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change of tariff classification required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

132. A change to heading 8487 from any other heading.

Chapter 85.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 8501.10 from any other heading, except from stators or rotors of heading 8503; or

(B) A change to subheading 8501.10 from stators or rotors of heading 85.03, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 8501.20 through 8501.64 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8502 through 8503 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.23 from any subheading outside subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

(A) A change to subheading 8504.31 from any other heading; or

2.

3.

4.

5.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.522

DR-CAFTA

6.

7.

8.

9.

(B) A change to subheading 8504.31 from subheading 8504.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 8504.32 through 8504.50 from any subheading outside subheading 8504.10 through 8504.50.

A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.20 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to electromagnetic lifting heads of subheading 8505.90 from any other subheading, or from any other good of
subheading 8505.90; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8505.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheadings 8506.10 through 8506.40 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheading 8506.50 through 8506.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

12. A change to subheading 8506.90 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

14. A change to subheadings 8507.20 through 8507.80 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 8507.90 from any other heading.

15A. (A) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

15B A change to subheading 8508.70 from any other heading.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change

from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.523

DR-CAFTA

17. A change to subheading 8509.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from any other subheading.

19. A change to subheading 8510.90 from any other heading.

20. A change to subheadings 8511.10 through 8511.80 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheading 8511.90 from any other heading.

22. A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.30 from any other subheading outside that group.

23.

(A) A change to subheading 8512.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8512.40 from subheading 8512.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

24. A change to subheading 8512.90 from any other heading.

25.

(A) A change to subheading 8513.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8513.10 from subheading 8513.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

26. A change to subheading 8513.90 from any other heading.

27. A change to subheadings 8514.10 through 8514.40 from any other subheading.

28. A change to subheading 8514.90 from any other heading.

29. A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

30. A change to subheading 8515.90 from any other heading.

31. A change to subheadings 8516.10 through 8516.50 from any other subheading.

32.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.60 from any other subheading, except furnitures, whether or not assembled, cooking

chambers, whether assembled or not and the upper panel, whether or not with heating or control elements, classified in
subheading 8516.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.60 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

33. A change to subheading 8516.71 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.524

DR-CAFTA

34.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.72 from any other subheading, except from housings for toasters of subheadings 8516.90

or 9032.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.72 from housings for toasters of subheadings 8516.90 or 9032.10, whether or not there

is also a change from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

35. A change to subheading 8516.79 from any other subheading.

36.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.80 from 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

38. A change to subheadings 8517.11 through 8517.69 from any other subheading.

39.

(A) A change to parts of electrical apparatus for telephony or telegraphy or parts of videophones of subheading 8517.70 from

any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required to parts of electrical apparatus for telephony or telegraphy or parts of

videophones of subheading 8517.70 provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 8517.70 from any other subheading.

40.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

41.

(A) A change to subheading 8518.22 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8518.22 from subheadings 8518.29 or 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.525

DR-CAFTA

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

42.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

43. A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other heading.

44. A change to subheadings 8519.20 through 8519.89 from any other subheading.

45.

[Rule deleted.]

46.

[Rule deleted.]

47. A change to subheadings 8520.10 through 8520.20 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheadings 8520.32 through 8520.33 from any other subheading outside that group.

49. A change to subheadings 8520.39 through 8520.90 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheadings 8521.10 through 8521.90 from any other subheading.

51. A change to subheadings 8522.10 through 8522.90 from any other subheading.

51A. (A) A change to subheadings 8523.21 through 8523.80 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to recorded media of subheadings 8523.21 through 8523.80 from unrecorded media of subheadings 8523.21

through 8523.80.

52. A change to subheading 8525.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8525.60.

53. A change to subheading 8525.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8525.50.

53A. A change to subheading 8525.80 from any other subheading.

54. A change to subheadings 8526.10 through 8526.92 from any other subheading.

55. A change to subheadings 8527.12 through 8527.99 from any other subheading.

56. A change to subheading 8528.42 from any other subheading.

57.

(A) A change to color video monitors of subheading 8528.49 from any other good of subheading 8528.49 or from any other
subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8528.49 from any other subheading.

58. A change to subheading 8528.52 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheading 8528.51 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.526

DR-CAFTA

59A. A change to subheading 8528.62 from any other subheading.

59B. A change to subheading 8528.69 from any other subheading.

59C. A change to subheading 8528.71 from any other subheading.

59D. A change to subheading 8528.72 from any other subheading, except from subheading 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

59E. A change to subheading 8528.73 from any other subheading.

60.

(A) A change to heading 8529 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8529.10 from any other heading; or

(C) No change in tariff classification is required for subheading 8529.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

61. A change to subheadings 8530.10 through 8530.80 from any other subheading.

62. A change to subheading 8530.90 from any other heading.

63. A change to subheadings 8531.10 through 8531.80 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheading 8531.90 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 8532.10 through 8532.30 from any other subheading.

66. A change to subheading 8532.90 from any other heading.

67. A change to subheadings 8533.10 through 8533.40 from any other subheading.

68. A change to subheading 8533.90 from any other heading.

69.

(A) A change to heading 8534 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

35 percent when the build-down method is used.

70. A change to subheadings 8535.10 through 8536.90 from any other subheading.

71. A change to headings 8537 through 8538 from any other heading.

72. A change to subheadings 8539.10 through 8539.50 from any other subheading.

73. A change to subheading 8539.90 from any other heading.

74. A change to subheading 8540.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20 or 8540.91

75. A change to subheading 8540.12 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.527

DR-CAFTA

76.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.20 from subheadings 8540.91 through 8540.99, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

77. A change to subheadings 8540.40 through 8540.60 from any other subheading outside that group.

78. A change to subheadings 8540.71 through 8540.89 from any other subheading.

79.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.91 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to a front panel assembly of subheading 8540.91 from any other good including a good in that heading.

80.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.99 from any other subheading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

81.

(A) A change to assembled semiconductor devices or integrated circuits of subheadings 8541.10 through 8542.90 from

unmounted chips, wafers or dice of subheadings 8541.10 through 8542.90 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheadings 8541.10 through 8542.90 from any other subheading; or

(C) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

35 percent when the build-down method is used.

82. A change to subheading 8543.10 from any other subheading, except from ion implanters for doping semiconductor materials

of subheading 8486.20.

83. A change to subheadings 8543.20 through 8543.30 from any other subheading.

84. A change to subheading 8543.70 from any other subheading.

85.

(A) A change to subheading 8543.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to electronic microassemblies of subheading 8543.90 from any other subheading; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to electronic microassemblies of subheading 8543.90 is required, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than:

(i) 30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 35 percent when the build-down method is used.

86. A change to subheading 8544.11 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.528

DR-CAFTA

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

87. A change to subheading 8544.19 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

88.

(A) A change to subheading 8544.20 from any subheading outside subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60, except from

headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.20 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, whether or not there is also a change from

any other subheading, provided there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

89. A change to subheading 8544.30 from any other subheading.

90.

(A) A change to electric conductors, for a voltage exceeding 80 V but not exceeding 1000 V fitted with connectors, from any

other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8544.42 from electric conductors, for a voltage exceeding 80 V but not

exceeding 1000 V fitted with connectors, or from any other subheading, provided there is also a regional value content
of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

91.

(A) A change to electric conductors, for a voltage exceeding 80 V but not exceeding 1000 V not fitted with connectors, from
any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8544.49 from electric conductors, for a voltage exceeding 80 V but not

exceeding 1000 V not fitted with connectors, or from any other subheading, provided there is also a regional value content
of not less than:

(i) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

92. A change to subheadings 8544.60 through 8544.70 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

93. A change to subheadings 8545.11 through 8545.90 from any other subheading.

94. A change to heading 8546 from any other heading.

95. A change to subheadings 8547.10 through 8547.90 from any other subheading.

96. A change to heading 8548 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.529

DR-CAFTA

Chapter 86.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 8601 through 8602 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from any other heading, except from heading 8607; or

(B) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from any subheading outside that group.

A change to axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles of subheading 8607.19 and a change to wheels, whether or not
fitted with axles, of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles or parts of wheels of subheading 8607.19.

A change to subheadings 8607.21 through 8607.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8608 through 8609 from any other heading.

Chapter 87.

1. No change in tariff classification is required for goods of headings 8701 through 8706, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the net cost method is used,

(B) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(C) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

(A) A change to heading 8707 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for a good of heading 8707, provided there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(i)

35 percent when the net cost method is used,

(ii)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(iii) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for a good of subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.99, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the net cost method is used,

(ii)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(iii) 50 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from any other heading; or

GN p.530

DR-CAFTA

5.

6.

7.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

(B) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 8709.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8710 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 8711 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8711 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

8.

(A) A change to heading 8712 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8712 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

35 percent when the build-down method is used.

9.

A change to heading 8713 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

10. A change to headings 8714 through 8715 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

12. A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 88.

1.

(A) A change to gliders and hang gliders of heading 8801 from any other good of heading 8801 or any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 8801 from gliders and hang gliders of heading 8801 or any other heading.

1A. A change to subheading 8802.11 through 8803.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.531

DR-CAFTA

2.

A change to headings 8804 through 8805 from any other heading.

Chapter 89.

1.

(A) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other heading within chapter 89, whether or not there is also a change

from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to heading 8903 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

(B) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other heading within chapter 89, whether or not there is also a change

from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

A change to headings 8906 through 8908 from any other heading.

Chapter 90.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other chapter, except from heading 7002; or

(B) A change to subheading 9001.10 from heading 7002, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 9001.20 through 9001.30 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 9001.40 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9001.50 through 9001.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9002.11 through 9002.90 from any other heading, except from heading 9001.

(A) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9003.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from subheading 9003.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9003.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.532

DR-CAFTA

(B) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other heading within chapter 90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

9.

A change to subheading 9004.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 9001.40 or 9001.50.

10. A change to subheading 9005.10 from any other subheading.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 9005.80 from any subheading, except from headings 9001 through 9002 or subheading 9005.90;

or

(B) A change to subheading 9005.80 from subheading 9005.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

12. A change to subheading 9005.90 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.40 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

14.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.40 from any other heading: or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.40 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

15.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.51 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.51 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

16.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.52 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.52 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

17.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.53 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.533

DR-CAFTA

(B) A change to subheading 9006.53 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

18.

(A) A change to subheading 9006.59 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9006.59 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

19.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.61 through 9006.69 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.61 through 9006.69 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

20. A change to subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from any other heading.

21.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.10 through 9007.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9007.10 through 9007.20 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

22.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.91 through 9007.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for subheading 9007.92, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

23.

[Rule deleted.]

24.

(A) A change to subheading 9008.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9008.50 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

25. A change to subheading 9008.90 from any other heading.

26.

[Rules 26 and 27 deleted.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.534

DR-CAFTA

28.

[Rule deleted.]

29.

[Rule deleted.]

30.

[Rule deleted.]

31.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9010.10 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

32.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9010.50 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

33.

(A) A change to subheading 9010.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9010.60 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

34. A change to subheading 9010.90 from any other heading.

35.

(A) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

36. A change to subheading 9011.90 from any other heading.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

38. A change to subheading 9012.90 from any other heading.

39.

(A) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.535

DR-CAFTA

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

40. A change to subheading 9013.90 from any other heading.

41.

(A) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

42. A change to subheading 9014.90 from any other heading.

43.

(A) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

44.

(A) A change to subheading 9015.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

45. A change to heading 9016 from any other heading.

46.

(A) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9022.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

35 percent when the build-down method is used.

47. A change to heading 9023 from any other heading.

48.

(A) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

49. A change to subheading 9024.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.536

DR-CAFTA

50.

(A) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other heading or

(B) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

51. A change to subheading 9025.90 from any other heading.

52.

(A) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

53. A change to subheading 9026.90 from any other heading

54.

(A) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

55. A change to subheading 9027.90 from any other heading.

56.

(A) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

57. A change to subheading 9028.90 from any other heading.

58.

(A) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

59. A change to subheading 9029.90 from any other heading.

60. A change to subheadings 9030.10 through 9030.89 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.537

DR-CAFTA

61. A change to subheading 9030.90 from any other heading.

62.

(A) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to a coordinate measuring machine of subheading 9031.49 from any other good except from a base or frame

for a good of the same subheading; or

(C) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

63. A change to subheading 9031.90 from any other heading.

64.

(A) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

65. A change to subheading 9032.90 from any other heading.

66. A change to heading 9033 from any other heading.

Chapter 91.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.11 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.11 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.12 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.12 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

3.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.19 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.538

DR-CAFTA

(B) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.29 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.99 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

8.

(A) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from heading 9114, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

9.

(A) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from subheading 9111.90 or any other heading, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.539

DR-CAFTA

(B) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

12. A change to subheading 9112.20 from subheading 9112.90 or any other heading, provided there is regional value content of

not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

14.

(A) A change to heading 9113 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 9113 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

15. A change to heading 9114 from any other heading.

Chapter 92.

1.

(A) A change to heading 9201 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 9201 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

(A) A change to heading 9202 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 9202 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

30 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

35 percent when the build-down method is used.

3.

(A) A change to headings 9203 through 9208 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9203 through 9208 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.540

DR-CAFTA

4.

A change to heading 9209 from any other heading.

Chapter 93.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

2.

3.

A change to heading 9305 from any other heading.

A change to headings 9306 through 9307 from any other chapter.

Chapter 94.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 9401 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9402.10 through 9402.90 from any other subheading, provided there is a regional value content of
not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to heading 9403 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9404.10 through 9404.30 from any other chapter.

Heading rule: The provisions of subdivision (d)(vi) of this note apply to this subheading:

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

(A) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99, whether or not there is

also a change from any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99 from any other heading.

A change to heading 9406 from any other chapter.

Chapter 95.

1.

(A) A change to heading 9503 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to dolls representing only human beings of heading 9503 from any other heading.

2.

A change to subheadings 9504.20 through 9506.29 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.541

DR-CAFTA

3.

A change to subheading 9506.31 from subheading 9506.39, whether or not there is a change from another chapter, provided
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(B) 45 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

A change to subheadings 9506.32 through 9508.90 from any other chapter.

Chapter 96.

1.

2.

A change to headings 9601 through 9605 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 9606.10 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.29 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9606.30 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from subheading 9607.20, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

A change to subheading 9607.20 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than 30 percent when the build-down method is used.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.31 through 9608.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.31 through 9608.50 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, provided there is a

regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.542

DR-CAFTA

9.

A change to subheading 9608.60 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 9608.91 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheading 9608.99 from any other heading.

12.

(A) A change to subheadings 9609.10 through 9609.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9609.10 through 9609.90 from subheading 9609.20 or any other heading, provided there is a

region value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

13. A change to headings 9610 through 9611 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheading 9612.10 from any other chapter.

15. A change to subheading 9612.20 from any other heading.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from subheading 9613.90, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

17. A change to subheading 9613.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to heading 9614 from any other heading.

19.

[Rule deleted.]

20.

(A) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from subheading 9615.90, provided there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(i)

35 percent when the build-up method is used, or

(ii)

45 percent when the build-down method is used.

21. A change to subheading 9615.90 from any other heading.

22. A change to heading 9616 from any other heading.

23. A change to heading 9617 from any other chapter.

24. A change to heading 9618 from any other heading.

Heading rule 1: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of tariff items 9619.00.31, 9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46,
9619.00.61, 9619.00.64, 9619.00.68, 9619.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79, or 9619.00.90,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.543

Bahrain

the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such
component must satisfy the change of tariff classification requirements set out in the rule for that good.

Heading rule 2: Notwithstanding heading rule 1 to this chapter, a good of tariff items 9619.00.31, 9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46,
9619.00.61, 9619.00.64, 9619.00.68, 9619.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79, or 9619.00.90,
containing fabrics of subheading 5806.20 or heading 6002 shall be considered originating only if such fabrics are both formed from
yarn and finished in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

Heading rule 3: Notwithstanding heading rule 1 to this chapter, a good of tariff items 9619.00.31, 9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46,
9619.00.61, 9619.00.64, 9619.00.68, 9619.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79, or 9619.00.90,
containing sewing thread of headings 5204, 5401, or 5508 or yarn of heading 5402 used as sewing thread, shall be considered
originating only if such sewing thread is both formed and finished in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement.

25.

(A) A change to sanitary towels (pads) and tampons and similar articles of textile wadding of heading 9619 from any other
chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311 or chapter 54 through 55; or

(B) A change to a tariff items 9619.00.31, 9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46, 9619.00.61, 9619.00.64, or 9619.00.68 from
any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings
5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement; or

(C) A change to a tariff items 9619.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79 or 9619.00.90, from
any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, headings
5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of one or more of the parties to the Agreement; or

(D) A change to any other good of heading 9619 from any other heading.

26. A change to heading 9620 from any other heading.

Chapter 97.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 9701.10 through 9701.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 9702 through 9706 from any other heading.

2A. A change to subheading 2202.91 from any other chapter.

30 United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement (UBFTA) are subject to duty as provided

for herein. For the purposes of this note, goods of Bahrain, as defined in subdivisions (b) through (h) of this note, that are imported
into the customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special”
subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol “BH” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment and quantitative limitations
set forth in the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 201 through 203, inclusive, of the United States-Bahrain Free
Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Pub. Law 109-169; 119 Stat. 3581). For the purposes of this note, the term “UBFTA country”
refers only to Bahrain or to the United States.

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (e), (g) and (h) thereof, a good imported into the

United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good of a UBFTA country under the terms of this note only if --

(i)

the good is a good wholly the growth, product or manufacture of Bahrain or of the United States, or both;

(ii)

for goods not covered by subdivision (b)(iii) below, the good is a new or different article of commerce that has been grown,
produced or manufactured in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, and the sum of--

(A)

the value of each material produced in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, and

(B)

the direct costs of processing operations performed in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.544

Bahrain

is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of the good at the time the good is entered into the territory of the United
States; or

(iii)

the good falls in a heading or subheading covered by a provision set forth subdivision (h) of this note

and--

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification
specified in such subdivision (h) as a result of production occurring entirely in the territory of Bahrain or of the United
States, or both; or

(B)

the good otherwise satisfies the requirements specified in such subdivision (h); and

and is imported directly into the territory of the United States from the territory of Bahrain and meets all other applicable requirements
of this note. For purposes of this note, the term “good” means any merchandise, product, article or material.

(c) Value of materials.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (c)(ii) of this note, the value of a material produced in the territory of Bahrain or of the United
States, or both, includes the following:

(A)

the price actually paid or payable for the material by the producer of such good;

(B)

the freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the producer’s plant, if such
costs are not included in the price referred to in subdivision (c)(i)(A) above;

(C)

the cost of waste or spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the growth, production or manufacture of the good,
less the value of recoverable scrap; and

(D)

taxes or customs duties imposed on the material by Bahrain or the United States, or both, if the taxes or customs duties
are not remitted upon exportation from the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, as the case may be.

(ii)

If the relationship between the producer of a good and the seller of a material influenced the price actually paid or payable for
the material, or if there is no price actually paid or payable by the producer for the material, the value of the material produced
in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, includes the following:

(A) all expenses incurred in the growth, production or manufacture of the material, including general expenses;

(B) a reasonable amount for profit; and

(C)

freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the producer’s plant.

(d)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, except as otherwise provided in subdivision (e) of this note for textile and apparel
articles, the expression “good wholly the growth, product or manufacture of Bahrain or of the United States, or both” means--

(A) a mineral good extracted in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both;

(B) a vegetable good, as such a good is provided for in the tariff schedule, harvested in the territory of Bahrain or of the United

States, or both;

(C) a live animal born and raised in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both;

(D) a good obtained from live animals raised in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both;

(E) a good obtained from hunting, trapping or fishing in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both;

(F) a good (fish, shellfish and other marine life) taken from the sea by vessels registered or recorded with Bahrain or with

the United States and flying the flag of that country;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.545

Bahrain

(G) a good produced exclusively from products referred to in subdivision (F) on board factory ships registered or recorded

with Bahrain or with the United States and flying the flag of that country;

(H) a good taken by Bahrain or the United States, or a person of Bahrain or of the United States, from the seabed or beneath

the seabed outside territorial waters, if Bahrain or the United States has rights to exploit such seabed;

(I)

a good taken from outer space, if such good is obtained by Bahrain or the United States, or a person of Bahrain or of the
United States, and is not processed in the territory of a country other than Bahrain or the United States;

(J) waste and scrap derived from–

(1) production or manufacture in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both; or

(2) used goods collected in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, if such goods are fit only for the

recovery of raw materials;

(K) a recovered good derived in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States from used goods and utilized in the territory

of that country in the production of remanufactured goods; and

(L) a good produced in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, exclusively--

(1)

from goods referred to in subdivisions (A) through (J) above, inclusive, or

(2)

from the derivatives of goods referred to in such subdivisions,

at any stage of production.

(ii) Cumulation.

(A) An originating good, or a material produced in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, that is incorporated
into a good in the territory of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of the other country.

(B) A good that is grown, produced or manufactured in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, by one or

more producers, is an originating good if the good satisfies the requirements of subdivision (b) of this note and all other
applicable requirements of this note.

(iii) Packaging and packing materials and containers for retail sale and for shipment.

Packaging and packing materials and containers for retail sale and shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether a
good qualifies as an originating good, except that the value of such packaging and packing materials and containers has been
included in meeting the requirements set forth in subdivision (b)(ii) of this note.

(iv) Definitions. For the purposes of this note:

(A) The term “direct costs of processing operations,” with respect to a good, includes, to the extent they are includable in the
appraised value of the good when imported into Bahrain or the United States, as the case may be, the following:

(1) all actual labor costs involved in the growth, production or manufacture of the good, including fringe benefits, on-the-job

training and the cost of engineering, supervisory, quality control and similar personnel;

(2)

tools, dies, molds and other indirect materials, and depreciation on machinery and equipment that are allocable to
the good;

(3)

research, development, design, engineering and blueprint costs, to the extent that they are allocable to the good;

(4)

costs of inspecting and testing the good; and

(5)

costs of packaging the good for export to the territory of the other country.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.546

Bahrain

The term “direct costs of processing operations” does not include costs that are not directly attributable to the good or
are not costs of growth, production or manufacture of the good, such as: (I) profit, and (II) general expenses of doing
business that are either not allocable to the good or are not related to the growth, production or manufacture of the good,
such as administrative salaries, casualty and liability insurance, advertising and salesmen’s staff salaries, commissions
or expenses.

(B) The term “material” means a good, including a part or ingredient, that is used in the growth, production or manufacture

of another good that is a new or different article of commerce that has been grown, produced or manufactured in Bahrain
or of the United States, or both.

(C) The term “material produced in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both” means a good that is either wholly
the growth, product or manufacture of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, or a new or different article of commerce
that has been grown, produced or manufactured in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

(D) The term “new or different article of commerce” means, except as provided in this subdivision, a good that--

(1) has been substantially transformed from a good or material that is not wholly the growth, product or manufacture of

Bahrain or of the United States, or both; and

(2) has a new name, character or use distinct from the good or material from which it was transformed,

but a good shall not be considered a new or different article of commerce by virtue of having undergone simple combining
or packaging operations, or mere dilution with water or another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics
of the good.

(E) The term “simple combining or packaging operations” means operations such as adding batteries to devices, fitting

together a small number of components by bolting, gluing or soldering, and repacking or packaging components together.

(F) The term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that result from--

(1)

the complete disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(2)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing of those parts that is necessary for improvement to sound
working condition.

(G) The term “remanufactured good” means an industrial good that is assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United

State and that--

(1)

is entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods;

(2) has a similar life expectancy to, and meets similar performance standards as, a like good that is new; and

(3) enjoys a factory warranty similar to that of a like good that is new.

(H) The term “substantially transformed” means, with respect to a good or a material, changed as the result of a manufacturing

or processing operation so that--

(1)

(aa) the good or material is converted from a good that has multiple uses into a good or material that has limited

uses;

(bb) the physical properties of the good or material are changed to a significant extent; or

(cc) the operation undergone by the good or material is complex by reason of the number of processes and materials

involved and the time and level of skill required to perform those processes; and

(2)

the good or material loses its separate identity in the manufacturing or processing operation.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.547

Bahrain

(v) A good shall not be considered to be imported directly into the territory of the United States from the territory of Bahrain for

purposes of this note if, after exportation from the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, the good undergoes production,
manufacturing or any other operation outside the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, other than unloading, reloading
or any other operation necessary to preserve the good in good condition or to transport the good to the territory of Bahrain or
of the United States.

(e) Textile and apparel articles.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (ii) below, a textile or apparel good that is not an originating good under the terms of this
note, because certain fibers or yarns used in the production of the component of the good that determines the tariff classification
of the good do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (h) of this note, shall be considered
to be an originating good if the total weight of all such fibers or yarns in that component is not more than seven percent of the
total weight of that component. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a textile or apparel good containing elastomeric yarns
in the component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good shall be considered to be an originating good
only if such yarns are wholly formed in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States.

(ii) Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (h) of this note, textile and apparel goods classifiable as goods put up in sets
for retail sale as provided for in general rule of interpretation 3 to the tariff schedule shall not be considered to be originating
goods unless each of the goods in the set is an originating good or the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does
not exceed ten percent of the value of the set determined for purposes of assessing customs duties.

(iii) For purposes of this note, in the case of a textile or apparel good that is a yarn, fabric or group of fibers, the term “component

of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good” means all of the fibers in the yarn, fabric or group of fibers.

(iv) For purposes of this note, the term “textile or apparel good” means a good listed in the Annex to the Agreement on Textiles

and Clothing referred to in section 101(d)(4) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(4)).

(f)

Indirect materials.

Indirect materials shall be disregarded in determining whether a good qualifies as an originating good, except that the cost of such
indirect materials may be included in meeting the 35 percent value-content requirement of subdivision (b)(ii) of this note where
applicable. An “indirect material” means a good used in the growth, production, manufacture, testing or inspection of a good but
not physically incorporated into the good, or a good used in the maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated
with the growth, production or manufacture of a good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment and buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in the growth, production or manufacture of a good or
used to operate equipment and buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the good;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other goods that are not incorporated into the good but the use of which in the growth, production or manufacture of the

good can reasonably be demonstrated to be a part of that growth, production or manufacture.

(g)

Interpretation of rules of origin.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.548

Bahrain

For purposes of interpreting the rules of origin set forth in subdivision (h) of this note--

(i)

the specific rule, or specific set of rules, that applies to a particular heading or subheading is set out immediately adjacent to
the heading or subheading;

(ii)

a rule applicable to a subheading shall take precedence over a rule applicable to the heading which is parent to that subheading;

(iii) a requirement of a change in tariff classification applies only to non-originating materials; and

(iv) a reference to a “chapter” is to a chapter of the tariff schedule; a reference to a “heading” is to a provision whose article

description is not indented and which is designated by 4 digits, whether or not followed by subsequent zeroes; and a reference
to a “subheading” is to a provision whose article description is indented and which is designated by 6 digits, whether or not
followed by subsequent zeroes.

(h) Product-specific rules of origin. [NOTE: Not updated for Pres.Proc. 8771, effective Feb. 3, 2012]

(i)

In general. With respect to goods that are not described in subdivision (b)(i) of this note, whenever such goods fall in the
enumerated provisions set forth in subdivision (h) and the importer claims the treatment provided under this note with respect
to such goods, the rules in subdivision (h) apply in lieu of the provisions of subdivision (b)(ii) of this note.

(ii) Certain dairy and dairy-containing products. A good containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids classified in chapter

4 or heading 1901, 2105, 2106 or 2202 must be made from originating milk.

(iii) Other product-specific rules.

Chapter 17.

1.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

Chapter 18.

1.

A change to sweetened cocoa powder of subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that such sweetened cocoa powder
does not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17.

Chapter 20.

1.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

Chapter 21.

1.

A change to concentrated juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90 from any
other chapter, except from heading 0805, subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, subheading 2202.91 or subheading 2202.99.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 4202.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheading 4202.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheading 4202.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.549

Bahrain

4.

A change to subheading 4202.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items
5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18,
5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5405 or 5501 through 5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5309 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to headings 5310 through 5311 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through 5507.

A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.47.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through
5510.

A change to heading 5408 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through
5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5501 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through 5405.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.550

Bahrain

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5308 or 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

A change to headings 5801 through 5811from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5306 through
5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408, or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

A change to headings 6001 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52, headings
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 61.

Chapter Rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets,
skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of
Bahrain or of the United States:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through
5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19,
5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32
through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.35 through 6005.44 or 6006.10
through 6006.44.

Chapter Rule 2: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of chapter 61 of the tariff schedule, the rule applicable to that good
shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good, and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.551

Bahrain

lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the
garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.20 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

2.

(A) A change to subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(i)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United
States,

(ii)

any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

3.

A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

4.

5.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

(A) A change to tariff items 6103.10.70 or 6103.10.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

(B) A change to subheading 6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(i)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United
States, or both; and

(ii)

any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

[TCRs 6 and 7 deleted.]

8.

A change to subheadings 6103.22 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.552

Bahrain

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine animal

hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material contained
in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

9.

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

10. A change to tariff items 6103.39.40 or 6103.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

11. A change to subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

12. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

13. A change to subheading 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

14. A change to tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

15. A change to any other good of subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

16. A change to subheadings 6104.22 through 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.553

Bahrain

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104 or a skirt described in
heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

17. A change to subheadings 6104.31 through 6104.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

18. A change to tariff items 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

19. A change to subheading 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

20. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

21. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

22. A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

23. A change to subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

24. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

25. A change to headings 6105 through 6106 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.554

Bahrain

26. A change to subheadings 6107.11 through 6107.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

27. A change to subheading 6107.21 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband,
or elastic, is wholly of such fabric and the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Bahrain or of the United States, or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311,
chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

28. A change to subheadings 6107.22 through 6107.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

29. A change to subheadings 6108.11 through 6108.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

30. A change to subheading 6108.21 from:

(A)

tariff item 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of waistband, elastic or lace,
is wholly of such fabric and the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain
or of the United States, or both, or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311,
chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheadings 6108.22 through 6108.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

32. A change to subheading 6108.31 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband,
elastic or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the
territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311,
chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheadings 6108.32 through 6108.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.555

Bahrain

34. A change to subheadings 6108.91 through 6108.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

35. A change to headings 6109 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

36. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

37. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton, or man-made

fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the
requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

38. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

39. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 62.

Chapter Rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets,
skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of
Bahrain or of the United States:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through
5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19,
5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32
through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.35 through 6005.44 or 6006.10
through 6006.44.

Chapter Rule 2: Apparel goods of this chapter shall be considered to originate if they are cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or
cuffs, is wholly of one or more of the following:

(A) Velveteen fabrics of subheading 5801.23, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton;

(B) Corduroy fabrics of subheading 5801.22, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton and containing more than 7.5 wales

per centimeter;

(C) Fabrics of subheadings 5111.11 or 5111.19, if hand-woven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven in the United Kingdom in

accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Association, Ltd. and so certified by the Association;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.556

Bahrain

(D) Fabrics of subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 grams per square meter, containing wool, not less than 20 per cent

by weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 per cent by weight of man-made staple fibers; or

(E) Batiste fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single yarns exceeding 76 metric count, containing
between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of a weight not exceeding 110 grams per square meter.

Chapter Rule 3: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of chapter 62 of the tariff schedule, the rule applicable to that good
shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible
lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the
garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.11 through 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.557

Bahrain

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

10. A change to tariff items 6203.19.50 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

11. A change to subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

12. A change to subheading 6203.22 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 62.03, of wool, fine animal
hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material contained
in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

13. A change to subheading 6203.31 through 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

14. A change to tariff items 6203.39.50 or 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.558

Bahrain

15. A change to subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

16. A change to subheading 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

17. A change to subheading 6204.11 through 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

18. A change to tariff items 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

19. A change to subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

20. A change to subheadings 6204.21 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204 or a skirt described in
heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings,
any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1to chapter 62.

21. A change to subheadings 6204.31 through 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.559

Bahrain

22. A change to tariff items 6204.39.60 or 6204.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

23. A change to subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

24. A change to subheadings 6204.41 through 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

25. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

26. A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both.

27. A change to subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

28. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

{TCR 29 deleted.]

Subheading Rule: Men's or boys' shirts of cotton or man-made fibers shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and assembled
in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly of one
or more of the following:

(A) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42, 5208.49, 5208.51 or 5208.52

or tariff items 5208.59.20, 5208.59.40, 5208.59.60 or 5208.59.80, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(B) Fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per

square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.560

Bahrain

(C) Fabrics of subheadings 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per

square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(D) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per

square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

(E) Fabrics of subheadings 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 grams per square meter, having a dobby weave

created by a dobby attachment;

(F) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks per

square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

(G) Fabrics of subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter,

made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric;

(H) Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks

per square centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric and characterized by a check effect
produced by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling; or

(I)

Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored with vegetable
dyes, of average yarn number greater than 65 metric.

30. A change to subheadings 6205.20 through 6205.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

31. A change to subheading 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both.

32. A change to headings 6206 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United
States, or both.

33. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

34. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers,
imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the
requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

35. A change to subheadings 6211.32 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.561

Bahrain

36. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, and provided that, during each annual period, such
goods of a producer or an entity controlling production shall be eligible for preferential treatment under this note only if the aggregate
cost of fabric(s) (exclusive of findings and trimmings) formed in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both, that is used
in the production of all such articles of that producer or entity during the preceding annual period is at least 75 percent of the
aggregate declared customs value of the fabric (exclusive of findings and trimmings) contained in all such goods of that producer
or entity that are entered during the preceding one-year period.

37. A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the
United States, or both.

38. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United
States, or both.

Chapter 63.

Chapter Rule 1: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to the
component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements set out
in the rule for that good.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 6301 through 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United
States, or both.

A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801
through 5802, or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both.

A change to heading 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311 chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

A change to headings 6304 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United
States, or both.

A change to heading 6309 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or
both.

Chapter 70.

1.

A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7020.

Chapter 94.

1.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.562

Oman

Chapter 96.

Heading Rule: For purposes of determining whether a good of this heading other than of textile wadding is originating, the rule applicable
to that good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the
tariff change requirements set out in the rule for that good.

1.

(A) A change to sanitary towels (pads) and tampons and similar articles of textile wadding of heading 9619 from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through
55; or

(B) A change to a good of textile materials other than of wadding, knitted or crocheted, of heading 9619 from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings
5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States, or both; or

(C) A change to a good of textile materials other than of wadding, not knitted or crocheted, of heading 9619 from any other chapter,
except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54, or
headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of Bahrain or of the United States; or both.

31. United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement (UOFTA) are subject to duty as provided for
herein. For the purposes of this note, goods of Oman, as defined in subdivisions (b) through (h) of this note, that are imported into
the customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special” subcolumn
of column 1 followed by the symbol “OM” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment and quantitative limitations set forth in
the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 201 through 203, inclusive, of the United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement
Implementation Act (Pub. L. 109-283). For the purposes of this note, the term “UOFTA country” refers only to Oman or to the United
States.

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (e), (g) and (h) thereof, a good imported into the

United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good of a UOFTA country under the terms of this note only if --

(i)

the good is a good wholly the growth, product or manufacture of Oman or of the United States, or both;

(ii)

for goods not covered by subdivision (iii) below, the good is a new or different article of commerce that has been grown,
produced or manufactured in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, and the sum of--

(A)

the value of each material produced in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, and

(B)

the direct costs of processing operations performed in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both,

is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of the good at the time the good is entered into the territory of the United
States; or

(iii)

the good falls in a heading or subheading covered by a provision set forth subdivision (h) of this note and--

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification
specified in such subdivision (h) as a result of production occurring entirely in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; or

(B)

the good otherwise satisfies the requirements specified in such subdivision (h);

and is imported directly into the territory of the United States from the territory of Oman and meets all other applicable requirements
of this note. For purposes of this note, the term “good” means any merchandise, product, article or material. For purposes of
subdivision (b)(ii), the formula for calculating whether the value of materials produced in the territory of one or both of the parties
plus the direct costs of processing operations performed in the territory of one or both of the parties is not less than 35 percent of
the appraised value of the good is (VOM + DCP)/AV X 100, where VOM is the value of a material produced in the territory of one

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.563

Oman

or both of the parties as set forth in subdivision (c) of this note, DCP is the direct cost of processing operations as defined in
subdivision (d)(iv)(A) of this note, and AV is the appraised value of the good.

(c) Value of materials.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (c)(ii) of this note, the value of a material produced in the territory of Oman or of the United
States, or both, includes the following:

(A)

the price actually paid or payable by the producer of the good for the material;

(B) when not included in the price actually paid or payable by the producer of the good for the material, the freight, insurance,

packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the producer’s plant;

(C)

the cost of waste or spoilage, less the value of recoverable scrap; and

(D)

taxes or customs duties imposed on the material by Oman or by the United States, or both, provided the taxes or customs
duties are not remitted upon exportation.

(ii) Where the relationship between the producer of the good and the seller of the material influenced the price actually paid or
payable for the material, or if subdivision (c)(i)(A) of this note is otherwise not applicable, the value of the material produced
in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, includes the following:

(A) all expenses incurred in the growth, production or manufacture of the material, including general expenses;

(B) a reasonable amount for profit; and

(C)

freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material to the producer’s plant.

(d)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, except as otherwise provided in subdivision (e) of this note for textile and apparel
articles, the expression “goods wholly the growth, product or manufacture of Oman or of the United States, or both” means--

(A) mineral goods extracted in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both;

(B) vegetable goods, as such a good is provided for in the tariff schedule, harvested in the territory of Oman or of the United

States, or both;

(C)

live animals born and raised in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both;

(D) goods obtained from live animals raised in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both;

(E) goods obtained from hunting, trapping or fishing in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both;

(F) goods (fish, shellfish and other marine life) taken from the sea by vessels registered or recorded with Oman or with the

United States and flying its flag;

(G) goods produced on board factory ships from the goods referred to in subdivision (F), provided such factory ships are

registered or recorded with Oman or with the United States and flying its flag;

(H) goods taken by Oman or the United States, or a person of Oman or of the United States, from the seabed or beneath
the seabed outside territorial waters, provided that Oman or the United States has rights to exploit such seabed;

(I)

goods taken from outer space, provided such goods are obtained by Oman or the United States, or a person of Oman
or of the United States, and are not processed in the territory of a country other than Oman or the United States;

(J) waste and scrap derived from–

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.564

Oman

(1) production or manufacture in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both; or

(2) used goods collected in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, if such goods are fit only for the

recovery of raw materials;

(K)

recovered goods derived in the territory of Oman or of the United States from used goods, and utilized in the territory of
that country in the production of remanufactured goods; and

(L) goods produced in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, exclusively--

(1)

from goods referred to in subdivisions (A) through (J) above, inclusive, or

(2)

from the derivatives of goods referred to in such subdivisions,

at any stage of production.

(ii) Cumulation.

(A) An originating good or a material produced in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, that is incorporated
into a good in the territory of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of the other country.

(B) A good that is grown, produced or manufactured in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, by one or more
producers, is an originating good if the good satisfies the requirements of subdivision (b) of this note and all other applicable
requirements of this note.

(C) Direct costs of processing operations performed in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, as well as the
value of materials produced in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, may be counted without limitation
toward satisfying the 35 percent value-content requirement specified in subdivision (b)(ii) of this note.

(iii) Packaging and packing materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail sale and for shipment, if classified with
the good, shall be disregarded in determining whether a good qualifies as an originating good, except that the value of originating
packaging and packing materials and containers may be counted toward satisfying, where applicable, the 35 percent
value-content requirement specified in subdivision (b)(ii) of this note.

(iv) Definitions. For the purposes of this note:

(A) The term “direct costs of processing operations” means those costs either directly incurred in, or that can reasonably be
allocated to, the growth, production or manufacture of the good, including the following, to the extent they are includable
in the appraised value of goods when imported into Oman or the United States, as the case may be, the following:

(1) all actual labor costs involved in the growth, production or manufacture of the good, including fringe benefits, on-the-job

training and the cost of engineering, supervisory, quality control and similar personnel;

(2)

(3)

tools, dies, molds and other indirect materials, and depreciation on machinery and equipment that are allocable to
the specific good;

research, development, design, engineering and blueprint costs, to the extent that they are allocable to the specific
good;

(4)

costs of inspecting and testing the specific good; and

(5)

costs of packaging the specific good for export to the territory of the other country.

The term “direct costs of processing operations” does not include costs that are not directly attributable to the good or
are not costs of growth, production or manufacture of the good, such as: (I) profit, and (II) general expenses of doing
business that are either not allocable to the specific good or are not related to the growth, production or manufacture of
the good, such as administrative salaries, casualty and liability insurance, advertising and salesmen’s staff salaries,
commissions or expenses.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.565

Oman

(B) The term “material” means a good, including a part or ingredient, that is used in the growth, production or manufacture
of another good that is a new or different article of commerce that has been grown, produced or manufactured in Oman
or of the United States, or both.

(C) The term “material produced in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both” means a good that is either wholly

the growth, product or manufacture of Oman or of the United States, or both, or a new or different article of commerce
that has been grown, produced or manufactured in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

(D) The term “new or different article of commerce” means, except as provided in this subdivision, a good that--

(1) has been substantially transformed from a good or material that is not wholly the growth, product or manufacture of

Oman, the United States, or both; and

(2) has a new name, character or use distinct from the good or material from which it was transformed,

but a good shall not be considered a new or different article of commerce by virtue of having merely undergone (I) simple
combining or packaging operations, or (II) mere dilution with water or another substance that does not materially alter
the characteristics of the good.

(E) The term “simple combining or packaging operations” means operations such as adding batteries to devices, fitting

together a small number of components by bolting, gluing or soldering, and repacking or packaging components together.

(F) The term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that result from--

(1)

the complete disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(2)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing of those parts as necessary for improvement to sound working
condition.

(G) The term “remanufactured goods” means industrial goods that are assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United

State and that--

(1) are entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods;

(2) have similar life expectancies as new goods; and

(3) enjoy similar factory warranties as such new goods.

(H) The term “substantially transformed” means, with respect to a good or a material, changed as the result of a manufacturing

or processing operation so that--

(1)

(aa) the good or material has multiple uses and is converted into a good with limited uses;

(bb) the physical properties of the good or material are changed to a significant extent; or

(cc) the operation undergone by the good or material is complex in terms of the number of different processes and

materials involved, as well as the time and level of skill required to perform those processes; and

(2)

the good or material loses its separate identity in the resulting, new good or material.

(v) A good shall not be considered to be imported directly into the territory of the United States from the territory of Oman for

purposes of this note if the good undergoes production, manufacturing or any other operation outside the territory of Oman or
of the United States, other than unloading, reloading or any other operation necessary to preserve the good in good condition
or to transport the good to the territory of Oman or of the United States.

(e) Textile and apparel articles.

GN p.566

Oman

(i)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Except as provided in subdivision (ii) below, a textile or apparel good that is not an originating good under the terms of this
note, because certain fibers or yarns used in the production of the component of the good that determines the tariff classification
of the good do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (h) of this note, shall be considered
to be an originating good if the total weight of all such fibers or yarns in that component is not more than seven percent of the
total weight of that component. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a textile or apparel goodcontaining elastomeric yarns
in the component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good shall be considered to be an originating good
only if such yarns are wholly formed in the territory of Oman or of the United States. For purposes of this note, in the case of
a textile or apparel good that is a yarn, fabric or group of fibers, the term “component of the good that determines the tariff
classification of the good” means all of the fibers in the yarn, fabric or group of fibers.

(ii) Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (h) of this note, textile and apparel goods classifiable under general rule of

interpretation 3 to the tariff schedule as goods put up in sets for retail sale shall not be considered to be originating goods
unless each of the goods in the set is an originating good or the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does not
exceed ten percent of the customs value of the set.

(iii) For purposes of this note, the term “textile or apparel good” means a good listed in the Annex to the Agreement on Textiles

and Clothing referred to in section 101(d)(4) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(4)).

(iv)

[Subdivision deleted.]

(f)

Indirect materials.

Indirect materials shall be disregarded in determining whether a good qualifies as an originating good, except that the cost of such
indirect materials may be included in meeting the 35 percent value-content requirement of subdivision (b)(ii) of this note, where
applicable. An “indirect material” means a good used in the growth, production, manufacture, testing or inspection of a good but
not physically incorporated into the good, or a good used in the maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated
with the growth, production or manufacture of a good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment and buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in the growth, production or manufacture of a good or
used to operate equipment and buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the good;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other goods that are not incorporated into the good but the use of which in the growth, production or manufacture of the

good can reasonably be demonstrated to be a part of that growth, production or manufacture.

(g)

Interpretation of rules of origin.

For purposes of interpreting the rules of origin set forth in subdivision (h) of this note--

(i)

the specific rule, or specific set of rules, that applies to a particular heading or subheading is set out immediately adjacent to
the heading or subheading;

(ii)

a rule applicable to a subheading shall take precedence over a rule applicable to the heading which is parent to that subheading;

(iii) a requirement of a change in tariff classification applies only to non-originating materials; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.567

Oman

(iv) a reference to a “chapter” is to a chapter of the tariff schedule; a reference to a “heading” is to a provision whose article

description is not indented and which is designated by 4 digits, whether or not followed by subsequent zeroes; and a reference
to a “subheading” is to a provision whose article description is indented and which is designated by 6 digits, whether or not
followed by subsequent zeroes.

(h) Product-specific rules of origin. [NOT UPDATED FOR PRES. PROC. 8097 or 8771]

(i)

In general. With respect to goods not described in subdivision (b)(i) of this note, when such goods fall in the enumerated
provisions set forth herein and the importer claims the treatment provided under this note with respect to such goods, the rules
in this subdivision apply in lieu of the provisions of subdivision (b)(ii) of this note.

(ii) Certain dairy and dairy-containing products. A good containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids classified in chapter

4 or heading 1901, 2105, 2106 or 2202 must be made from originating milk.

(iii) Other product-specific rules.

Chapter 17.

1.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

Chapter 18.

1.

A change to sweetened cocoa powder of subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that such sweetened cocoa
powder does not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17.

Chapter 20.

1.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

Chapter 21.

1.

A change to concentrated juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90 from
any other chapter, except from heading 0805, subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 or subheading 2002.90.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheading 4202.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheading 4202.22 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheading 4202.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheading 4202.92 from any other chapter, except from headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff
items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15, 5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15,
5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.568

Oman

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5405 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5309 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to headings 5310 through 5311 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.47.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other
chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509
through 5510.

A change to heading 5408 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509
through 5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5501 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through
5405.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5308 or 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.569

Oman

Chapter 58.

1.

A change to headings 5801 through 5811from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5306
through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 54.8, or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212 or 5310
through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

A change to headings 6001 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52,
headings 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 61.

Chapter Rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets,
skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory
of Oman or of the United States:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through
6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter Rule 2: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of chapter 61 of the tariff schedule, the rule applicable to that
good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good, and such component must satisfy the
tariff change requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change
requirements for visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining
fabric in the main body of the garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable
linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.10 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.570

Oman

2.

(A) A change to goods of wool or fine animal hair of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516
or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(i)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or the United
States, or both; and

(ii)

any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 of heading 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman
or the United States, or both.

3.

A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

4.

5.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

A change to tariff items 6103.10.70 or 6103.10.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn and otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or the United
States, or both.

6.

A change to subheading 6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

8.

A change to subheadings 6103.22 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

9.

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.571

Oman

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

10. A change to tariff items 6103.39.40 or 6103.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

11. A change to subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

12. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

13. A change to subheading 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

14. A change in tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

15. A change to subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

16. A change to subheadings 6104.22 through 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104 or a skirt described

in heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to
chapter 61.

17. A change to subheadings 6104.31 through 6104.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.572

Oman

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

18. A change to tariff items 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

19. A change to subheading 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

20. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

21. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

22. A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

23. A change to subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

24. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

25. A change to headings 6105 through 6106 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through5212,
5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

26. A change to subheadings 6107.11 through 6107.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.573

Oman

27. A change to subheading 6107.21 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband,
or elastic, is wholly of such fabric and the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the
territory of Oman or of the United States, or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

28. A change to subheadings 6107.22 through 6107.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

29. A change to subheadings 6108.11 through 6108.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

30. A change to subheading 6108.21 from:

(A)

tariff item 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of waistband, elastic or
lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both, or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheadings 6108.22 through 6108.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

32. A change to subheading 6108.31 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband,
elastic or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through
5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheadings 6108.32 through 6108.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

34. A change to subheadings 6108.91 through 6108.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.574

Oman

35. A change to headings 6109 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both.

36. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through
6006,provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of
the United States, or both.

37. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton, or man-made
fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies
the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

38. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

39. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both.

Chapter 62.

Chapter Rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 and 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men's and women's suits, suit-type jackets,
skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the territory
of Oman or of the United States:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through
6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter Rule 2: Apparel goods of this chapter shall be considered to originate if they are cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn
or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of
collars or cuffs, is wholly of one or more of the following:

(A) Velveteen fabrics of subheading 5801.23, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton;

(B) Corduroy fabrics of subheading 5801.22, containing 85 per cent or more by weight of cotton and containing more than 7.5

wales per centimeter;

(C) Fabrics of subheadings 5111.11 or 5111.19, if hand-woven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven in the United Kingdom
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Association, Ltd. and so certified by the Association;

(D) Fabrics of subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 grams per square meter, containing wool, not less than 20 per

cent by weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 per cent by weight of man-made staple fibers; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.575

Oman

(E) Batiste fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single yarns exceeding 76 metric count, containing
between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of a weight not exceeding 110 grams per square meter.

Chapter Rule 3: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of chapter 62 of the tariff schedule, the rule applicable to that
good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the
tariff change requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change
requirements for visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining
fabric in the main body of the garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable
linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.11 through 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

GN p.576

Oman

8.

9.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

10. A change to tariff items 6203.19.50 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

11. A change to subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

12. A change to subheading 6203.22 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 62.03, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

13. A change to subheading 6203.31 through 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

14. A change to tariff items 6203.39.50 or 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

15. A change to subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.577

Oman

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

16. A change to subheading 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

17. A change to subheading 6204.11 through 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

18. A change to tariff items 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

19. A change to subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

20. A change to subheadings 6204.21 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204 or a skirt described
in heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble ofthese subheadings,
any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1to chapter 62.

21. A change to subheadings 6204.31 through 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

22. A change to tariff items 6204.39.60 or 6204.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.578

Oman

23. A change to subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

24. A change to subheadings 6204.41 through 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

25. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

26. A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

27. A change to subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

28. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

Subheading Rule: Men's or boys' shirts of cotton or man-made fibers shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and
assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs,
is wholly of one or more of the following:

(A) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42, 5208.49, 5208.51, 5208.52

or 5208.59, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(B) Fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks

per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(C) Fabrics of subheadings 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks

per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(D) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks

per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.579

Oman

(E) Fabrics of subheadings 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 grams per square meter, having a dobby weave

created by a dobby attachment;

(F) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks

per square centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

(G) Fabrics of subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per square

centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric;

(H) Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling

picks per square centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric, and characterized by a
check effect produced by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling; or

(I)

Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored with vegetable
dyes, of average yarn number greater than 65 metric.

30. A change to subheadings 6205.20 through 6205.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheading 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the
United States, or both.

32. A change to headings 6206 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman
or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

34. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made
fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies
the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

35. A change to subheadings 6211.32 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

36. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both, and provided that, during each annual period,
such goods of a producer or an entity controlling production shall be eligible for preferential treatment under this note only if
the aggregate cost of fabric(s) (exclusive of findings and trimmings) formed in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or
both, that is used in the production of all such articles of that producer or entity during the preceding annual period is at least
75 percent of the aggregate declared customs value of the fabric (exclusive of findings and trimmings) contained in all such
goods of that producer or entity that are entered during the preceding one-year period.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.580

Oman

37. A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802
or6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Oman or of the United States, or both.

38. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman
or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 63.

Chapter Rule 1: For purposes of determining the origin of a good of this chapter, the rule applicable to that good shall only apply
to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change requirements
set out in the rule for that good.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 6301 through 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman
or of the United States, or both.

A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.47.10 or 5402.52.10 or any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801
through 5802, or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

A change to heading 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311 chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both.

4.

A change to headings 6304 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman
or of the United States, or both.

5.

6.

A change to heading 6309 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States,
or both.

Chapter 70.

1.

A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7020.

Chapter 94.

1.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

Chapter 96.
Heading Rule 1: For purposes of determining the origin of tariff items 9619.00.31, 9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46, 9619.00.61,
9619.00.64, 9619.00.68, 9616.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79 or 9619.00.90, the rule applicable

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.581

Peru

to that good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy
the tariff change requirements set out in the rule for that good.

1.

2.

A change to tariff items 9619.00.31, 9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46, 9619.00.61, 9619.00.64 or 9619.00.68, from any
other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter
54, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

A change to tariff items 9619.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79 or 9619.00.90, from any
other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, chapter
54, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of Oman or of the United States, or both.

3.

A change to tariff items 9619.00.21 or 9619.00.25 from any other chapter, except from heading 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311, or chapters 54 through 55.

32. United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act.

(a) Goods for which entry is claimed under the terms of the United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement are subject to duty as set

forth herein. For the purposes of this note, originating goods or goods described in subdivision (a)(ii), subject to the provisions of
subdivisions (b) through (n) of this note, that are imported into the customs territory of the United States and entered under a
provision--

(i)

in chapters 1 through 97 of the tariff schedule for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special” subcolumn of column 1 followed
by the symbol “PE” in parentheses, or

(ii)

in chapter 98 or 99 of the tariff schedule where a rate of duty or other treatment is specified,

are eligible for the tariff treatment and quantitative limitations set forth therein in accordance with sections 201 through 203, inclusive,
of the United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act (Pub. L. 110-138; 121 Stat. 1455).

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (m) and (n) thereof, a good imported into the customs

territory of the United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good under the terms of this note if--

(i)

the good is a good wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both;

(ii)

the good was produced entirely in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, and--

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification

specified in subdivision (n) of this note; or

(B)

the good otherwise satisfies any applicable regional value content or other requirements specified in subdivision (n) of
this note;

and the good satisfies all other applicable requirements of this note; or

(iii)

the good was produced entirely in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, exclusively from materials described in
subdivision (b)(i) or (b)(ii) of this note.

(c) Definitions.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, the expression “good wholly obtained or produced” means any of the following
goods:

(A) plants and plant products harvested or gathered in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both;

(B)

live animals born and raised in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.582

Peru

(C) goods obtained in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, from live animals;

(D) goods obtained from hunting, trapping, fishing or aquaculture conducted in the territory of Peru, the United States, or

both;

(E) minerals and other natural resources not included in subdivisions (c)(A) through (c)(D) extracted or taken from the territory

of Peru, the United States, or both;

(F)

fish, shellfish and other marine life taken from the sea, seabed or subsoil outside the territory of Peru or the United States
by a vessel that is registered or recorded with Peru and flying the flag of Peru or by a vessel that is documented under
the laws of the United States;

(G) goods produced on board a factory ship from goods referred to subdivision (c)(F), provided such factory ship is a vessel

that is registered or recorded with Peru and flies its flag or is a vessel that is documented under the laws of the United
States;

(H) goods taken by Peru or a person of Peru, or by the United States or a person of the United States, from the seabed or
subsoil outside the territorial waters of Peru or the United States, respectively, if Peru or the United States, as the case
may be, has rights to exploit such seabed or subsoil;

(I)

goods taken from outer space, provided they are obtained by Peru or the United States or a person of Peru or the United
States and not processed in the territory of a country other than Peru or the United States;

(J) waste and scrap derived from--

(1) manufacturing or processing operations in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both; or

(2) used goods collected in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, provided such goods are fit only for the

recovery of raw materials;

(K)

recovered goods derived in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, from used goods, and utilized in the territory
of Peru, the United States, or both, in the production of remanufactured good; and

(L) goods, at any stage of production, produced in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, exclusively from goods

referred to in subdivisions (A) through (J) above, or from their derivatives.

(ii) For the purposes of this note--

(A)

the term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that are the result of--

(i)

the disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(ii)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing that is necessary for improvement to sound working condition
of such individual parts.

(B)

the term “remanufactured goods” means an industrial good assembled in the territory of Peru or the United States, or
both, that is classified in chapter 84, 85, 87 or 90 of the tariff schedule or heading 9402, other than a good classified in
heading 8418 or 8516, that--

(i)

is entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods; and

(ii)

has a similar life expectancy and enjoys a factory warranty similar to such a good that is new.

(C)

the term “material” means a good that is used in the production of another good, including a part or an ingredient;

(D)

the term “material that is self-produced” means an originating material that is produced by a producer of a good and used
in the production of that good;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.583

Peru

(E)

the terms “nonoriginating good” or “nonoriginating material” mean a good or a material, as the case may be, that does
not qualify as originating under this note;

(F)

(G)

the term “production” means growing, mining, harvesting, fishing, raising, trapping, hunting, manufacturing, processing,
assembling or disassembling a good; and the term “producer” means a person who engages in the production of a good
in the territory of Peru or the United States;

the term “adjusted value” means the value determined in accordance with Articles 1 through 8, Article 15 and the
corresponding interpretive notes of the Agreement on Implementation of Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act, adjusted, if necessary, to exclude
any costs, charges or other expenses incurred for transportation, insurance and related services incident to the international
shipment of the merchandise from the country of exportation to the place of importation;

(H)

the term “net cost” means total cost minus sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping
and packing costs and non-allowable interest costs that are included in the total cost; and

(I)

the term “identical goods” means goods that are the same in all respects relevant to the rule of origin that qualifies the
goods as originating goods.

(iii) A good that has undergone production necessary to qualify as an originating good under this note shall not be considered to

be an originating good if, subsequent to that production, the good--

(A) undergoes further production or any other operation outside the territory of Peru or the United States, other than unloading,
reloading or any other operation necessary to preserve the good in good condition or to transport the good to the territory
of Peru or the United States; or

(B) does not remain under the control of customs authorities in the territory of a country other than Peru or the United States.

(iv) Accumulation.

(A) Originating materials from the territory of Peru or the United States that are used in the production of a good in the territory

of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of such other country.

(B) A good that is produced in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, by one or more producers, is an originating

good if the good satisfies the requirements of this note.

(v) Goods classifiable as goods put up in sets.--Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (n) of this note, goods classifiable
as goods put up in sets for retail sale as provided for in general rule of interpretation 3 to the tariff schedule shall not be
considered to be originating goods unless--

(A) each of the goods in the set is an originating good; or

(B)

the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does not exceed--

(1)

in the case of a textile or apparel good, 10 percent of the adjusted value of the set; or

(2)

in the case of a good, other than a textile or apparel good, 15 percent of the adjusted value of the set.

(d) Textile and apparel goods.

(i)

A textile or apparel good that is not an originating good under the terms of this note because certain fibers or yarns used in
the production of the component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good do not undergo an applicable
change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note, shall be considered an originating good if--

(A)

the total weight of all such fibers or yarns in that component is not more than ten percent of the total weight of that
component; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.584

Peru

(B) such yarns are nylon filament yarns (other than elastomeric yarn) provided for in subheading 5402.10.30, 5402.10.60,
5402.19.30, 5402.19.60, 5402.31.30, 5402.31.60, 5402.32.30, 5402.32.60, 5402.41.10, 5402.41.90, 5402.51.00 or
5402.61.00 of the tariff schedule from a country that is a party to an agreement with the United States establishing a free
trade area which entered into force before January 1, 1995.

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a textile or apparel good containing elastomeric yarns in the component of the good
that determines the tariff classification of the good shall be considered to be an originating good only if such yarns are wholly
formed in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

(ii) For the purposes of this subdivision--

(A)

the term “elastomeric yarns” does not include latex; and

(B) a yarn is “wholly formed” in the territory of Peru or the United States if all the production processes and finishing operations,
starting with the extrusion of filaments, strips, films or sheets, or the spinning of all fibers into yarn, or both, and ending
with a finished yarn or plied yarn, took place in the territory of Peru or the United States, as the case may be.

(iii) For the purposes of subdivision (d)(i) or (d)(ii) of this note, in the case of a good that is a yarn, fabric or fiber, the term “component

of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good” means all of the fibers in the good.

(iv) For the purposes of this note, the term “textile or apparel good” means a good listed in the Annex to the Agreement on Textiles
and Clothing referred to in section 101(d)(4) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(4)); but such term
does not encompass the following goods that are listed in Annex 3.29 of the Agreement specified in subdivision (a) of this
note: wadding, gauze, bandages and the like (subheading 3005.90); woven, knitted or nonwoven fabrics coated, covered or
laminated with plastics (subheading 3921.12, 3921.13 or 3921.90); footwear with soles and uppers of wool felt (subheading
6405.20); footwear uppers of which 50 percent or more of the external surface is textile material (subheading 6406.10); leg
warmers and gaiters of textile material (subheading 6406.99); hat forms, hat bodies and hoods of felt and plateaux and
manchons of felt (heading 6501); hat shapes, plaited or made by assembling strips of any material (heading 6502); felt hats
and other felt headgear (heading 6503); hats and other headgear, plaited or made by assembling strips of any material (heading
6504); hats and other headgear, knitted or made up from lace or other textile material (subheading 6505.90); safety seat belts
for motor vehicles (subheading 8708.21); parachutes, parts thereof and accessories therefor (heading 8804); watch straps,
bands and bracelets of textile materials (subheading 9113.90); garments for dolls (subheading 9502.91); and woven ribbons
of manmade fibers, other than those measuring less than 30 mm in width and permanently put up in cartridges (subheading
9612.10).

(v) With respect to a textile and apparel good as defined in subdivision (d)(iv) of this note, the term “wholly” means that the good

is entirely of the named material.

(e) De minimis amounts of nonoriginating materials.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivisions (d)(i), (e)(ii) and (m) below, a good that does not undergo a change in tariff classification
pursuant to subdivision (n) of this note is an originating good if--

(A)

the value of all nonoriginating materials that--

(1) are used in the production of the good, and

(2) do not undergo the applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note,

does not exceed 10 percent of the adjusted value of the good;

(B)

the value of such nonoriginating materials is included in the value of nonoriginating materials for any applicable regional
value content requirement for the good; and

(C)

the good meets all other applicable requirements of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.585

Peru

(A) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by
weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90, that is used in the production of a good provided
for in chapter 4;

(B) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by

weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90, that is used in the production of the following goods:

(1)

infant preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.10;

(2) mixes and doughs, containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, provided for in

subheading 1901.20;

(3) dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90;

(4) goods provided for in heading 2105;

(5) beverages containing milk provided for in subheading 2202.90; or

(6) animal feeds containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 2309.90;

(C) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0805, or any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, inclusive, that
is used in the production of a good provided for in any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, or in fruit or vegetable
juice of any single fruit or vegetable, fortified with minerals or vitamins, concentrated or unconcentrated, provided for in
subheading 2106.90 or 2202.90;

(D) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0901 or 2101 that is used in the production of a good provided for in

heading 0901 or 2101;

(E) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 15 that is used in the production of a good provided for in any of headings

1501 through 1508, or any of headings 1511 through 1515;

(F) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1701 that is used in the production of a good provided for in any of

headings 1701 through 1703;

(G) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 17 that is used in the production of a good provided for in subheading

1806.10;

(H) except as provided in subdivisions (e)(ii)(A) through (e)(ii)(H) above and in subdivision (n) of this note, a nonoriginating
material used in the production of a good provided for in any of chapters 1 through 24, inclusive, unless the nonoriginating
material is provided for in a different subheading than the good for which origin is being determined under this note; or

(I)

a nonoriginating material that is a textile or apparel good.

(f) Regional value content.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, except for goods to which subdivision (f)(iii) applies, the regional value content
of a good referred to in subdivision (n) of this note, shall be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good on
the basis of the build-down method or the build-up method described below.

(A) For the build-down method, the regional value content of a good may be calculated on the basis of the formula

RVC = ((AV - VNM)/AV) X 100

where RVC is the regional value content of the good, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value of the good;
and VNM is the value of nonoriginating materials that are acquired and used by the producer in the production of the
good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced.

(B) For the build-up method, the regional value content of a good may be calculated on the basis of the formula

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.586

Peru

RVC = ((VOM/AV) X 100

where RVC is the regional value content of the good, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value of the good;
and VOM is the value of originating materials that are acquired or self-produced, and used by the producer in the production
of the good.

(ii) Value of materials.

(A) For the purpose of calculating the regional value content of a good under this note, and for purposes of applying the de

minimis rules under subdivision (e) of this note, the value of a material is--

(1)

in the case of a material that is imported by the producer of the good, the adjusted value of the material;

(2)

in the case of a material acquired in the territory in which the good is produced, the value, determined in accordance
with Articles 1 through 8, Article 15 and the corresponding interpretive notes of the Agreement on Implementation
of Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay
Round Agreements Act, as set forth in regulations promulgated by the Secretary of the Treasury providing for the
application of such Articles in the absence of an importation by the producer; or

(3)

in the case of a material that is self-produced, the sum of--

(I)

all expenses incurred in the production of the material, including general expenses; and

(II) an amount for profit equivalent to the profit added in the normal course of trade.

(B) The following expenses, if not included in the value of an originating material calculated under subdivision (f)(ii)(A) above,

may be added to the value of the originating material:

(1)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, to the location of the producer;

(2) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both,
other than duties or taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including credit against
duty or tax paid or payable;

(3)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the value of
renewable scrap or byproducts.

(C) The following expenses, if included in the value of a nonoriginating material calculated under subdivision (f)(ii)(A) above,

may be deducted from the value of the nonoriginating material:

(1)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, to the location of the producer;

(2) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both,
other than duties or taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including credit against
duty or tax paid or payable;

(3)

(4)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the value of
renewable scrap or byproducts;

the cost of originating materials used in the production of the nonoriginating material in the territory of Peru, the
United States, or both.

(iii) Special rule for certain automotive goods.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.587

Peru

(A) For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content of an automotive good referred to in subdivision
(n) of this note may be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good on the basis of the following net cost
method:

RVC = ((NC - VNM)/NC) X 100

where RVC is the regional value content of the automotive good, expressed as a percentage; NC is the net cost of the
automotive good; and VNM means the value of nonoriginating materials that are acquired and used by the producer in
the production of the automotive good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced. For purposes
of this subdivision, the term “automotive good” means a good provided for in any of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34,
subheading 8408.20, heading 8409 or in any of headings 8701 through 8708, inclusive, of the tariff schedule.

(B) For purposes of determining the regional value content under this subdivision for an automotive good that is a motor

vehicle provided for in any of headings 8701 through 8705, an importer, exporter or producer may average the amounts
calculated under the formula contained in subdivision (A) above, over the producer’s fiscal year--

(1) with respect to all motor vehicles in any one of the categories described in subdivision (C), below; or

(2) with respect to all motor vehicles in any such category that are exported to the territory of Peru or the United States.

(C) A category is described for purposes of subdivision (B)(1) above if it--

(1)

(2)

(3)

is the same model line of motor vehicles, is in the same class of vehicles and is produced in the same plant in the
territory of Peru or the United States, as the good described in subdivision (B) for which regional value content is
being calculated;

is the same class of motor vehicles, and is produced in the same plant in the territory of Peru or the United States,
as the good described in subdivision (B) for which regional value content is being calculated; or

is the same model line of motor vehicles produced in the territory of Peru or the United States as the good described
in subdivision (B) for which regional value content is being calculated.

(D) For purposes of determining the regional value content under subdivision (A) above for automotive materials provided

for in any of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34, in subheading 8408.20 or in heading 8409, 8706, 8707 or 8708, that
are produced in the same plant, an importer, exporter or producer may--

(1) average the amounts calculated under the formula contained in subdivision (A) above over--

(I)

the fiscal year of the motor vehicle producer to whom the automotive goods are sold,

(II) any quarter or month, or

(III)

the fiscal year of the producer of such goods,

if the goods were produced during the fiscal year, quarter or month that is the basis for the calculation;

(2) determine the average referred to in subdivision (1) separately for such goods sold to one or more motor vehicle

producers; or

(3) make a separate determination under subdivision (1) or (2) for automotive goods that are exported to the territory

of Peru or the United States.

(E) The importer, exporter or producer of an automotive good shall, consistent with the provisions regarding allocation of

costs provided for in generally accepted accounting principles, determine the net cost of an automotive good under
subdivision (B) by--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.588

Peru

(1)

(2)

(3)

calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by the producer of the automotive good,
subtracting any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping and packing costs and
nonallowable interest costs that are included in the total cost of all such goods, and then reasonably allocating the
resulting net cost of those goods to the automotive good;

calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by that producer, reasonably allocating the total
cost to the automotive good, and then subtracting any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs,
royalties, shipping and packing costs and nonallowable interest costs that are included in the portion of the total cost
allocated to the automotive good; or

reasonably allocating each cost that forms part of the total cost incurred with respect to the automotive good so that
the aggregate of these costs does not include any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties,
shipping and packing costs or nonallowable interest costs.

(F) For purposes of this note, the term “class of motor vehicles” means any one of the following categories of motor vehicles:

(1) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.20, 8704.10, 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32 or 8704.90, or heading

8705 or 8706, or motor vehicles for the transport of 16 or more persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or
8702.90;

(2) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.10 or any of subheadings 8701.30 through 8701.90, inclusive;

(3) motor vehicles for the transport of 15 or fewer persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90, or motor

vehicles provided for in subheading 8704.21 or 8704.31; or

(4) motor vehicles provided for in any of subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90, inclusive.

(G) For purposes of this note, the term “model line” means a group of motor vehicles having the same platform or model

name.

(H) For purposes of this note, the term “nonallowable interest costs” means interest costs incurred by a producer that exceed
700 basis points above the applicable official interest rate for comparable maturities of the country in which the producer
is located.

(I)

For purposes of this note, the term “reasonably allocate” means to apportion in a manner that would be appropriate under
generally accepted accounting principles.

(J) For purposes of this note, the term “total cost” means all product costs, period costs and other costs for a good incurred
in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, and does not include profits that are earned by the producer, regardless
of whether they are retained by the producer or paid out to other persons as dividends, or taxes paid on those profits,
including capital gains taxes.

(K) For purposes of this note, the term “product costs” means costs that are associated with the production of a good and

include the value of materials, direct labor costs and direct overhead.

(L) For purposes of this note, the term “period costs” means costs, other than product costs, that are expensed in the period

in which they are incurred, such as selling expenses and general and administrative expenses.

(M) For purposes of this note, the term “other costs” means all costs recorded on the books of the producer that are not

product costs or period costs, such as interest.

(N) For purposes of this note, the term “used” means utilized or consumed in the production of goods.

(g) Accessories, spare parts or tools.

(i)

Subject to subdivision (g)(ii) and (g)(iii), accessories, spare parts or tools delivered with a good that form part of the good's
standard accessories, spare parts or tools shall--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.589

Peru

(A) be treated as originating goods if the good is an originating good; and

(B) be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo the

applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (g)(i) shall apply only if--

(A)

the accessories, spare parts or tools are classified with and not invoiced separately from the good, regardless of whether
such accessories, spare parts or tools are specified or separately identified in the invoice for the good; and

(B)

the quantities and value of the accessories, spare parts or tools are customary for the good.

(iii)

If the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of the accessories, spare parts or tools shall be taken
into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of the
good.

(h) Fungible goods and materials.

(i)

A person claiming that a fungible good or fungible material is an originating good may base the claim either on the physical
segregation of the fungible good or fungible material or by using an inventory management method with respect to the fungible
good or fungible material. For purposes of this subdivision, the term “inventory management method” means:

(A) averaging,

(B)

“last-in, first-out,”

(C)

“first-in, first out,” or

(D) any other method that is recognized in the generally accepted accounting principles of the country in which the production

is performed (whether Peru or the United States) or otherwise accepted by that country.

The term “fungible good” or “fungible material” means a good or material, as the case may be, that is interchangeable with
another good or material for commercial purposes and the properties of which are essentially identical to such other good or
material.

(ii) A person selecting an inventory management method under subdivision (h)(i) for a particular fungible good or fungible material
shall continue to use that method for that fungible good or fungible material throughout the fiscal year of such person.

(i)

Packaging or packing materials and containers.

(i)

For retail sale.--Packaging materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail sale, if classified with the good,
shall be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo the
applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note, and, if the good is subject to a regional value
content requirement, the value of such packaging materials and containers shall be taken into account as originating or
nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of the good.

(ii) For shipment.--Packing materials and containers for shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether a good is an

originating good.

(j)

Indirect materials.

An indirect material shall be treated as an originating material for purposes of this note without regard to where it is produced. The
term “indirect material” means a good used in the production, testing or inspection of another good but not physically incorporated
into that other good, or a good used in the maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated with the production
of a good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.590

Peru

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in production or used to operate equipment or buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the good;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other goods that are not incorporated into the other good but the use of which in the production of the other good can

reasonably be demonstrated to be a part of that production.

(k) For the purposes of this note, the term “generally accepted accounting principles” means the recognized consensus or substantial

authoritative support in the territory of Peru or the United States, as the case may be, with respect to the recording of revenues,
expenses, costs, assets and liabilities, the disclosure of information and the preparation of financial statements. The principles may
encompass broad guidelines of general application as well as detailed standards, practices and procedures.

(l) Claims for preferential tariff treatment; record-keeping requirements and verification.

(i) Claims for preferential tariff treatment.--An importer may make a claim for the tariff and other treatment provided for under the

terms of this note based on either--

(A) a written or electronic certification by the importer, exporter or producer; or

(B)

the importer’s knowledge that the good is an originating good, including reasonable reliance on information in the importer’s
possession that the good is an originating good;

in such form and manner as may be required in applicable regulations.

(ii) Record-keeping requirements.--An importer of a good, for which entry is claimed under the terms of this note, shall maintain,
for a minimum of five years from the date of importation of the good, all records and supporting documents necessary to
demonstrate that the good qualified for the tariff and other treatment provided for under the terms of this note, in such form
and manner as may be required in applicable regulations. For purposes of this note, the term “records and supporting documents”
includes, with respect to an exported good for which entry is claimed under the terms of this note, records and documents
related to the origin of the good, including--

(A)

the purchase, cost and value of, and payment for, the good;

(B)

the purchase, cost and value of, and payment for, all materials, including indirect materials, used in the production of the
good; and

(C)

the production of the good in the form in which it was exported.

(iii) Verification.--For purposes of determining whether a good imported into the customs territory of the United States from the

territory of Peru qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, the appropriate customs officer may conduct
a verification as set forth in pertinent regulations.

(m)

Interpretation and application of rules of origin.

(i) Unless otherwise provided herein, the requirements of any specific rule, or specific set of rules, in subdivision (n) of this note
that is set out adjacent to a heading or subheading of the tariff schedule and specifies a change of tariff classification applies
only to nonoriginating materials. For purposes of this subdivision and subdivision (n) of this note, a tariff provision is a “heading”
if its article description is not indented; a provision is a “subheading” if it is designated by 6 digits under the Harmonized
Commodity Description and Coding System; and the terms “chapter” and “section” refer to a chapter or section, respectively,
of the tariff schedule.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.591

Peru

(ii) Where a specific rule in subdivision (n) of this note is defined using the criterion of a change in tariff classification, and the rule
is written to exclude tariff provisions at the level of a chapter, heading or subheading of the tariff schedule, such rule shall be
construed to require that materials classified in those excluded provisions be originating for the good to qualify as originating.

(iii) When a heading or subheading of the tariff schedule is subject to alternative specific rules in subdivision (n) of this note, the

rule will be considered to be met if a good satisfies one of the alternatives.

(iv) When a single rule is applicable to a group of headings or subheadings, and that rule of origin specifies a change of heading

or subheading, the requirement shall be interpreted so that the change of heading or subheading may occur within a single
heading or subheading or between headings or subheadings of the group. When, however, a rule refers to a change in heading
or subheading “outside that group,” such change in heading or subheading must occur from a heading or subheading that is
outside the group of headings or subheadings set out in the rule.

(v) References to weight in the rules set forth in subdivision (n) of this note for goods provided for in chapters 1 through 24 of the

tariff schedule are to dry weight, unless otherwise specified in the tariff schedule.

(vi) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 6 through 14, inclusive, agricultural and horticultural goods grown in
the territory of a party shall be treated as an originating good even if grown from seeds, bulbs, rootstock, cuttings, grafts,
shoots, buds or other live parts of plants imported from a non-party.

(vii) This subdivision confers origin on the goods specified in the provisions below, except as otherwise specified herein.

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a good is originating if it meets the applicable change in tariff classification rules
specified in subdivision (n) of this note.

(A) A good of chapters 27 through 40, inclusive (except ethyl isopropyl thionocarbamates of subheading 2930.20 and goods
of heading 3823), of the tariff schedule, that is the product of a chemical reaction in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both, shall be treated as originating. For purposes of applying this subdivision to goods of the foregoing chapters, a
“chemical reaction” is a process (including a biochemical process) that results in a molecule with a new structure by
breaking intramolecular bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial arrangement of atoms
in a molecule. The following are not considered to be chemical reactions for purposes of determining whether a good is
originating:

(1) dissolution in water or in another solvent;

(2)

the elimination of solvents, including solvent water; or

(3)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallization.

(B) For the purposes of chapters 28 through 40, a good that is subject to purification shall be treated as originating provided

that one of the following occurs in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both:

(1)

the purification results in the elimination of 80 percent of the impurities; or

(2)

the purification results in the reduction or elimination of impurities, rendering the good suitable:

(I)

as a pharmaceutical, medicinal, cosmetic, veterinary or food grade substance;

(II) as a chemical product or reagent for analytical, diagnostic or laboratory uses;

(III) as an element or component for use in micro-elements;

(IV) for specialized optical uses;

(V)

for non-toxic uses for health and safety;

(VI) for biotechnical use;

(VII) as a carrier used in a separation process; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.592

Peru

(VIII)for nuclear grade uses.

(C) A good of chapters 30, 31 or 33 through 40 (except heading 3808) shall be treated as an originating good if the deliberate

and proportionally controlled mixing or blending (including dispersing) of materials to conform to predetermined
specifications, resulting in the production of a good having physical or chemical characteristics that are relevant to the
purposes or uses of the good and are different from the input materials, occurs in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both.

(D) A good of chapter 30, 31, 33 or 39 shall be treated as originating if the deliberate and controlled reduction in particle size
of a good, including micronizing by dissolving a polymer and subsequent precipitation, other than by merely crushing or
pressing, resulting in a good having a defined particle size, defined particle size distribution or defined surface area, which
is relevant to the purposes of the resulting good and have different physical or chemical characteristics from the input
materials occurs in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both

(E) A good of chapters 28 through 38 shall be treated as originating if the production of standards materials occurs in the

territory of Peru, the United States, or both. For purposes of this subdivision, “standards materials” (including standards
solutions) are preparations suitable for analytical, calibrating or referencing uses, having precise degrees of purity or
proportions that are certified by the manufacturer.

(F) A good of chapters 28 through 39 shall be treated as originating if the isolation or separation of isomers from mixtures of

isomers occurs in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

(G) A good of chapters 28 through 38 that undergoes a change from one tariff classification to another in the territory of Peru,

the United States, or both, as a result of the separation of one or more individual materials from a man-made mixture
shall not be treated as originating unless the isolated material underwent a chemical reaction in the territory of Peru, the
United States, or both.

(viii) (A) A textile good of chapters 50 through 60 of the tariff schedule and imported under heading 9822.06.20 of the tariff schedule
shall be considered originating if it is wholly formed in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both from--

(1) one or more fibers and yarns listed in U.S. note 29 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98; or

(2) a combination of the fibers and yarns listed in U.S. note 29 to such subchapter XXII and one or more fibers and

yarns that originate under the terms of this note.

The originating fibers and yarns referred to in subdivision (A)(2) may contain up to 10 percent by weight of fibers or yarns
that do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note. Any elastomeric
yarn contained in such originating yarns must be formed in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

(B) An apparel good of chapter 61 or 62 of the tariff schedule and imported under heading 9822.06.20 of the tariff schedule

shall be considered originating if it is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
Peru, the United States, or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars and cuffs where applicable, is
wholly of--

(1) one or more fabrics listed in U.S. note 29 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98; or

(2) one or more fabrics or knit to shape components formed in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, from one

or more of the yarns listed in U.S. note 29 to such subchapter XXII; or

(3) any combination of the fabrics referred to in subdivision (B)(1), the fabrics or knit to shape components referred to

in subdivision (B)(2) or one or more fabrics or knit to shape components originating under this note.

The originating fabrics referred to in subdivision (B)(3) may contain up to 10 percent by weight of fibers or yarns that do
not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note. Any elastomeric yarn
contained in an originating fabric or knit to shape component referred to in subdivision (B)(3) must be formed in the
territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.593

Peru

(C) A textile good of chapter 42, 63 or 94 of the tariff schedule and imported under heading 9822.06.20 of the tariff schedule

shall be considered originating if it is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
Peru, the United States, or both, and if the component that determines the tariff classification of the good is wholly of--

(1) one or more fabrics listed in U.S. note 29 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98; or

(2) one or more fabrics or knit to shape components formed in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both, from one

or more of the yarns listed in U.S. note 29 to such subchapter XXII; or

(3) any combination of the fabrics referred to in subdivision (C)(1), the fabrics or knit to shape components referred to

in subdivision (C)(2) or one or more fabrics or knit to shape components originating under this note.

The originating fabrics referred to in subdivision (C)(3) may contain up to 10 percent by weight of fibers or yarns that do
not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (n) of this note. Any elastomeric yarn
contained in an originating fabric or knit to shape component referred to in subdivision (C)(3) must be formed in the
territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

(D) An apparel good of chapter 61 or 62 shall be considered originating regardless of the origin of any visible lining fabric

described in chapter rule 1 to such chapters, narrow fabrics described in chapter rule 3 to such chapters, sewing thread
described in chapter rule 4 to such chapters or pocketing fabric described in chapter rule 5 to such chapters, the foregoing
as set forth in subdivision (n) of this note, if any such material is identified in U.S. note 29 to subchapter XXII of chapter
98 and the good meets all other applicable requirements for preferential tariff treatment under this note.

(n) Change in tariff classification rules. [NOTE: NOT UPDATED FOR PRES.PROC. 8097 or 8771]

Chapter 1.

A change to headings 0101 through 0106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 2.

A change to headings 0201 through 0210 from any other chapter.

Chapter 3.

Chapter rule: Fish, crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates shall be deemed originating even if they were cultivated
from nonoriginating fry or larvae. For purposes of this rule, the term “fry” means immature fish at a post-larval stage and includes
fingerlings, parr, smolts, and elvers.

A change to headings 0301 through 0307 from any other chapter.

Chapter 4.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 0401 through 0404 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1901.90.

A change to heading 0405 from any other chapter, except from subheadings 1901.90 or 2106.90.

A change to heading 0406 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1901.90.

A change to headings 0407 through 0410 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.594

Peru

Chapter 5.

A change to headings 05.01 through 05.11 from any other chapter.

Chapter 6.

A change to headings 0601 through 0604 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7.

A change to headings 0701 through 0714 from any other chapter.

Chapter 8.

A change to headings 0801 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Chapter 9.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 0901 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 0902.10 through 0902.40 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 0903 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to crushed, ground, or powdered spices put up for retail sale of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99 from

spices that are not crushed, ground, or powdered of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99, or from any other subheading;
or

(b) A change to mixtures of spices or any good of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99 other than crushed, ground, or

powdered spices put up for retail sale from any other subheading.

Chapter 10.

A change to headings 1001 through 1008 from any other chapter.

Chapter 11.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 1101 through 1104 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1105.10 through 1105.20 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701.

A change to headings 1106 though 1107 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1108.11 through 1108.12 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1108.13 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701.

A change to subheadings 1108.14 through 1108.20 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1109 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.595

Peru

Chapter 12.

A change to headings 1201 through 1214 from any other chapter.

Chapter 13.

A change to headings 1301 through 1302 from any other chapter.

Chapter 14.

A change to headings 1401 through 1404 from any other chapter.

Chapter 15.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 1501 through 1518 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1520 from any other heading.

A change to headings 1521 through 1522 from any other chapter.

Chapter 16.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1601 through 1603 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1604.11 through 1604.13 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to tuna loins of subheading 1604.14 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to any other good of subheading 1604.14 from any other heading, except from headings 0301 through 0304.

A change to subheadings 1604.15 through 1604.30 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1605 from any other chapter.

Chapter 17.

1.

2.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1704 from any other heading.

Chapter 18.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1801 through 1802 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 1803 through 1805 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that such goods of subheading 1806.10 containing 90
percent or more by dry weight of sugar do not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17 and such goods of subheading
1806.10 containing less than 90 percent by dry weight of sugar do not contain more than 35 percent by weight of nonoriginating
sugar of chapter 17.

A change to subheading 1806.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 1806.31 through 1806.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 19.

1.

A change to subheading 1901.10 from any other chapter, provided that such goods of subheading 1901.10 containing over
10 percent by weight of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.596

Peru

2.

3.

A change to subheading 1901.20 from any other chapter, provided that such goods of subheading 1901.20 containing over
25 percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.90 from any other chapter, provided that goods of subheading 1901.90 containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

4.

A change to headings 1902 through 1905 from any other chapter.

Chapter 20.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 2001 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 2002 through 2003 from any other chapter, except that goods that have been prepared by packing
(including canning) in water, brine, or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be originating only if the
fresh goods were goods wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to heading 2004 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701, and provided that goods that have been prepared
by freezing (including processing incidental to freezing) shall be originating only if the fresh goods were goods wholly obtained
or produced entirely in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to heading 2005 from any other chapter, except that goods that have been prepared by packing (including canning)
in water, brine, or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be originating only if the fresh goods were
goods wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to headings 2006 through 2007 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2008.11 from any other chapter, except from heading 1202.

A change to subheading 2008.19 from any other chapter, except that nuts and seeds that have been prepared by roasting,
either dry or in oil (including processing incidental to roasting), shall be originating only if the fresh nuts and seeds were goods
wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 2008.20 through 2008.99 from any other chapter, except that goods that have been prepared by
packing (including canning) in water, brine, or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be originating
only if the fresh goods were goods wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

9.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

10. A change to subheadings 2009.41 through 2009.80 from any other chapter.

11.

(a) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, whether or not there is also a change

from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a single non-party, constitute in
single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

Chapter 21.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 2101 through 2102 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.20 from any other chapter, provided that tomato ketchup of subheading 2103.20 does not
contain nonoriginating goods from subheading 2002.90.

A change to subheading 2103.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.597

Peru

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 2104 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2105 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent
by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

A change to concentrated juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90 from
any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or subheading 2202.90.

9.

A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals, of subheading 2106.90:

(a)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90; or

(b)

from any other subheading within chapter 21, heading 2009, or mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90, whether or not
there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that the juice of a single fruit or vegetable, or juice ingredients
from a single non-party, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good;

(c) A change to compound alcoholic preparations of subheading 2106.90 from any other subheading, except from heading

2203 through 2209;

(d) A change to sugar syrups of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from chapter 17;

(e) A change to goods containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter,
except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading
1901.90; or

(f) A change to other goods of heading 2106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 22.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 2201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.10 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals, of subheading 2202.90, from any

other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or from juice concentrates of subheading 2106.90;

(b) A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals, of subheading 2202.90:

(1)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90; or

(2)

from any other subheading within chapter 22, heading 2009, or mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that the juice of a single fruit or vegetable, or juice
ingredients from a single non-party, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the
good;

(c) A change to beverages containing milk from any other chapter, except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing

over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90; or

(d) A change to any other good of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter.

4.

A change to headings 2203 through 2208 from any other chapter, except from compound alcoholic preparations of subheading
2106.90.

5.

A change to heading 2209 from any other heading.

Chapter 23.

1.

A change to headings 2301 through 2308 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.598

Peru

2.

3.

A change to subheading 2309.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2309.90 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or subheading 1901.90.

Chapter 24.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 2401 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2402.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2402.20 through 2402.90 from any other chapter or from wrapper tobacco, not threshed or similarly
processed, of heading 2401 or from homogenized or reconstituted tobacco suitable for use as wrapper tobacco of heading
2403.

(a) A change to homogenized or reconstituted tobacco for use as cigar wrapper of subheading 2403.91 from any other

heading; or

(b) A change to any other goods of heading 2403 from any other chapter.

Chapter 25.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 2501 through 2516 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2517.10 through 2517.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2517.30 from any other subheading.

A change in subheadings 2517.41 through 2517.49 from any other heading.

A change to headings 2518 through 2522 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2523 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 2524 through 2530 from any other heading.

Chapter 26.

A change to headings 2601 through 2621 from any other heading.

Chapter 27.

1.

2.

A change to headings 2701 through 2709 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other subheading, provided that the good resulting from such
change is the product of a chemical reaction.

Heading rule: For purposes of heading 2710, the following processes confer origin:

(a) Atmospheric distillation: A separation process in which petroleum oils are converted, in a distillation tower, into fractions

according to boiling point and the vapor then condensed into different liquefied fractions; or

(b) Vacuum distillation: Distillation at a pressure below atmospheric but not so low that it would be classed as molecular

distillation.

3.

(a) A change to any good of subheading 2710.11 from any other good of subheadings 2710.11 through 2710.99, provided
that the good resulting from such change is the product of a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation or vacuum distillation;
or

(b) A change to subheading 2710.11 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.599

Peru

4.

(a) A change to any good of subheading 2710.19 from any other good of subheadings 2710.11 through 2710.99, provided
that the good resulting from such change is the product of a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation or vacuum distillation;

(b) A change to Fuel Oil No. 6 of subheading 2710.19 from any other good of subheading 2710.19; or

(c) A change to all other goods of subheading 2710.19 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

5.

(a) A change to any good of subheadings 2710.91 through 2710.99 from any other good of subheadings 2710.11 though

2710.99, provided that the good resulting from such change is the product of a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation
or vacuum distillation; or

(b) A change to subheadings 2710.91 through 2710.99 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

A change to subheading 2711.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.21.

A change to subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2711.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.11.

A change to subheading 2711.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.21.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to headings 2712 through 2714 from any other heading.

11. A change to heading 2715 from any other heading, except from heading 2714 or subheading 2713.20.

12. A change to heading 2716 from any other heading.

Chapter 28.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2801.10 through 2801.30 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2802 through 2803 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2804.10 through 2806.20 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2807 through 2808 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2809.10 through 2809.20 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2810 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2811.11 through 2816.40 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2817 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2818.10 through 2821.20 from any other subheading.

10. A change to headings 2822 through 2823 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheadings 2824.10 through 2837.20 from any other subheading.

12. A change to heading 2838 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheadings 2839.11 through 2846.90 from any other subheading.

14. A change to headings 2847 through 2848 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.600

Peru

15. A change to subheadings 2849.10 through 2849.90 from any other subheading.

16. A change to headings 2850 through 2851 from any other heading.

Chapter 29.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2901.10 through 2910.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2911 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2912.11 through 2912.60 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2913 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2914.11 through 2918.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2919 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2920.10 through 2926.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2927 through 2928 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2929.10 through 2930.10 from any other subheading.

10.

(a) A change to ethyl isopropyl thionocarbamates of subheading 2930.20 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to any other good of subheading 2930.20 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 2930.30 through 2930.90 from any other subheading.

12. A change to heading 2931 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheadings 2932.11 through 2934.99 from any other subheading.

14. A change to heading 2935 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheadings 2936.10 through 2939.99 from any other subheading.

16. A change to heading 2940 from any other heading.

17. A change to subheadings 2941.10 through 2941.90 from any other subheading.

18. A change to heading 2942 from any other heading.

Chapter 30.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 3001.10 through 3003.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3004 from any other heading, provided that the change in heading does not result exclusively from
packaging for retail sale.

A change to subheadings 3005.10 through 3006.40 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3006.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.601

Peru

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

A change to subheadings 3006.60 through 3006.80 from any other subheading.

Chapter 31.

1.

2.

A change to heading 3101 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3102.10 through 3105.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 32.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 3201.10 through 3202.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3203 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3205 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 3206.11 through 3206.50 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3207 through 3212 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 3213 through 3214 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 33.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 3301.11 through 3301.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3302 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

A change to heading 3303 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3304.10 through 3307.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 34

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 3401 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3402.11 through 3402.19 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3402.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3402.90.

A change to subheading 3402.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3403.11 through 3403.19 from any other subheading, except from headings 2710 or 2712.

A change to subheadings 3403.91 through 3403.99 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3404.10 through 3405.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3406 through 3407 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.602

Peru

Chapter 35.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 3501.10 through 3501.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from heading 0407.

A change to subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3503 through 3504 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3505.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3505.20 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3506 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3507.10 through 3507.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 36.

A change to headings 3601 through 3606 from any other heading.

Chapter 37.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 3701 through 3703 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 3704 through 3706 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3707.10 through 3707.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 38.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 3801.10 through 3807.00 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3808.10 through 3808.90 from any other subheading, provided that 50 percent by weight of the
active ingredient or ingredients are originating.

A change to subheadings 3809.10 through 3824.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3825 from any other chapter, except from chapter 28 through 37, 40, or 90.

Chapter 39.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 3901 through 3915 from any other heading, provided that the originating polymer content is no less than
50 percent by weight of the total polymer content.

A change to subheadings 3916.10 through 3917.31 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3917.32 through 3917.33 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 3917.39 through 3918.90 from any other subheading.

(a) A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading outside that group; or

(b) A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.603

Peru

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(a) A change to subheadings 3920.10 through 3920.99 from any other subheading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 3921.11 through 3921.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3922 through 3926 from any other heading.

Chapter 40.

1.

(a) A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.30 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

4.

5.

(b) A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

(a) A change to subheadings 4002.11 through 4002.70 from any other heading, except from heading 4001; or

(b) A change to subheadings 4002.11 through 4002.70 from heading 4001 or from any other heading, provided that there is

a regional value content of not less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 4002.80 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 4002.91 through 4002.99 from any other heading.

(a) A change to headings 4003 through 4004 from any other heading, except from heading 4001; or

(b) A change to headings 4003 through 4004 from heading 4001 or from any other heading, provided that there is a regional

value content of not less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

6.

A change to headings 4005 through 4017 from any other heading.

Chapter 41.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

(a) A change to hides or skins of heading 4101 that have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is

reversible from any other good of heading 4101 or from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to any other good of heading 4101 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is

reversible from any other good of heading 4102 or from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to any other good of heading 4102 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is

reversible from any other good of heading 4103 or from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to any other good of heading 4103 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 4104.11 through 4104.49 from any other subheading.

(a) A change to heading 4105 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4112; or

GN p.604

Peru

6.

7.

8.

9.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

(b) A change to heading 4105 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(a) A change to heading 4106 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4113; or

(b) A change to heading 4106 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91.

A change to heading 4107 from any other heading.

(a) A change to heading 4112 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4105; or

(b) A change to heading 4112 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(a) A change to heading 4113 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 41.03 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4106; or

(b) A change to heading 4113 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91.

10. A change to subheadings 4114.10 through 4115.20 from any other subheading.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 4201 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4202.11 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to goods of subheading 4202.12 with an outer surface of plastic from any other heading; or

(b) A change to goods of subheading 4202.12 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, except from
headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items 5903.10.15 through 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15 through 5903.20.25,
5903.90.15 through 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheadings 4202.19 through 4202.21 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to goods of subheading 4202.22 with an outer surface of plastic sheeting from any other heading; or

(b) A change to goods of subheading 4202.22 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, except from
headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 55.16 or tariff items 5903.10.15 through 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15 through 5903.20.25,
5903.90.15 through 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheadings 4202.29 through 4202.31 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to goods of subheading 4202.32 with an outer surface of plastic sheeting from any other heading; or

(b) A change to goods of subheading 4202.32 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, except from
headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items 5903.10.15 through 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15 through 5903.20.25,
5903.90.15 through 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to subheadings 4202.39 through 4202.91 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to goods of subheading 4202.92 with an outer surface of plastic sheeting from any heading; or

(b) A change to goods of subheading 4202.92 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, except from
headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items 5903.10.15 through 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15 through 5903.20.25,
5903.90.15 through 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05, 5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

10. A change to subheading 4202.99 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.605

Peru

11. A change to subheadings 4203.10 through 4203.29 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheadings 4203.30 through 4203.40 from any other heading.

13. A change to headings 4204 through 4206 from any other heading.

Chapter 43.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4301 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4302 through 4304 from any other heading.

Chapter 44.

1.

A change to headings 4401 through 4421 from any other heading.

Chapter 45.

1.

A change to headings 4501 through 4504 from any other heading.

Chapter 46.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4602 from any other heading.

Chapter 47.

1.

A change to headings 4701 through 4707 from any other heading.

Chapter 48.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 4801 through 4807 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4808 through 4811 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4812 through 4817 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 4818.10 through 4818.30 from any other heading, except from heading 4803.

A change to subheadings 4818.40 through 4818.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4819 through 4822 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 4823 from any other heading.

Chapter 49.

1.

A change to headings 4901 through 4911 from any other chapter.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.606

Peru

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, heading
5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5402, subheadings
5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5405 or 5501 through 5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, heading
5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5309 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to headings 5310 through 5311 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through
5507.

(a) A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any

other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20,
5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408 or 5509 through 5510.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of heading 5407 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings
5404 through 5408 or 5509 through 5510.

3.

A change to heading 5408 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, 5401 through
5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5407 or 5509 through
5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5501 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203, 5401 through
5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49 or headings 5404 through 5405.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, heading
5404, or 5509 through 5510.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.607

Peru

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408 or chapter 55.

Chapter 57,

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through
5408 or 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 5801.10 through 5806.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.39, headings 5404 through 5408 or chapter 55.

A change to subheading 5806.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5208 through 5212, 5407 through 5408 or
5512 through 5516.

A change to subheadings 5806.31 through 5811.00 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408 or chapter 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 53.06
through 53.11, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404
through 5408 or chapter 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49,
headings 5404 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49,
headings 5404 through 5408 or chapter 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6001 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52, headings 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408 or chapter 55.

A change to heading 6002 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 6003 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52,
headings 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408 or chapter 55.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.608

Peru

Chapter 61.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified under tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics
identified in the following headings and subheadings, when used as visible lining material in certain men’s and women’s suits,
suit-type jackets, skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers, and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished
in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both:

headings 5111 through 5112, subheadings 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59,
5211.31 through 5211.59, 5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through
5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through
5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99,
5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through
5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through 6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for
visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the
garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

Chapter rule 3: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter containing fabrics of subheading 5806.20 or
heading 6002 shall be considered originating only if such fabrics are both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of Peru, the
United States, or both.

Chapter rule 4: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of heading 5204 or
5401 shall be considered originating only if such sewing thread is both formed and finished in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both.

Chapter rule 5: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, if a good of this chapter contains a pocket or pockets, the pocket
bag fabric must be formed and finished in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both from yarn wholly formed in Peru, the United
States, or both.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.10 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

A change to subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

2.

3.

4.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.609

Peru

5.

A change to subheadings 6103.11 through 6103.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

6.

(a) A change to tariff items 6103.19.60 or 6103.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6103.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both; and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

61.

7.

A change to subheadings 6103.21 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

8.

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

9.

(a) A change to tariff items 6103.39.40 or 6103.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.610

Peru

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both; and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

61.

10. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

11. A change to subheadings 6104.11 through 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both, and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

12.

(a) A change to tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both; and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

61.

13. A change to subheadings 6104.21 through 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104 or a skirt described
in heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these headings,
any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

14. A change to subheadings 6104.31 through 6104.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both, and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.611

Peru

15.

(a) A change to tariff item 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut
or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both; and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

61.

16. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

17. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

18.

(a) A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both; and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

61.

19. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

20. A change to headings 6105 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit
to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.612

Peru

21. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

22. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 61.01, 61.02, 62.01, or 62.02, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made

fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must
satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

23. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

24. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit
to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Chapter 62.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified under tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics
identified in the following headings and subheadings, when used as visible lining material in certain men’s and women’s suits,
suit-type jackets, skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers, and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished
in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both:

headings 5111 through 5112, subheadings 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59,
5211.31 through 5211.59, 5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through
5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through
5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99,
5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through
5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through 6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.613

Peru

visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the
garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

Chapter rule 3: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2, a good of this chapter, other than a good of subheading 6212.10, containing fabrics
of heading 6002 or subheading 5806.20 shall be considered originating only if such fabrics are both formed from yarn and finished
in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Chapter rule 4: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2, a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of heading 5204 or 5401 shall be
considered originating only if such sewing thread is both formed and finished in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Chapter rule 5: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2, if a good of this chapter contains a pocket or pockets, the pocket bag fabric must
be formed and finished in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both from yarn wholly formed in Peru, the United States, or
both.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

2.

3.

4.

5.

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5408, heading 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.11 through 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

6.

A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.614

Peru

7.

A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

10.

(a) A change to tariff items 6203.19.50 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru,
the United States, or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both, and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

62.

11. A change to subheadings 6203.21 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these headings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

12. A change to subheadings 6203.31 through 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.615

Peru

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

13.

(a) A change to tariff items 6203.39.50 or 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru,
the United States, or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both; and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

62.

14. A change to subheadings 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both.

15. A change to subheadings 6204.11 through 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

16.

(a) A change to tariff items 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru,
the United States, or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both; and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

62.

17. A change to subheadings 6204.21 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.616

Peru

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204, or a skirt described
in heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these headings,
any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

18. A change to subheadings 6204.31 through 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

19.

(a) A change to tariff items 6204.39.20 or 6204.39.60 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru,
the United States, or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both, and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

62.

20. A change to subheadings 6204.41 through 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both.

21. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both; and

(b) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

22.

(a) A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,

5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.617

Peru

(b) A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through

5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or
6001 through 6006, provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States,
or both; and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter

62.

23. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both.

24. A change to subheadings 6205.10 through 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both.

25. A change to headings 6206 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United
States, or both.

26. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both.

27. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(a)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both, and

(b) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton, or man-made

fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must
satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

28. A change to subheadings 6211.31 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or
both.

29. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.618

Peru

30. A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is both cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
Peru, the United States, or both.

31. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Chapter 63 .

Chapter rule 1: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good.

Chapter rule 2: Notwithstanding chapter rule 1, a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of heading 52.04 or 5401 shall be
considered originating only if such sewing thread is wholly formed in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 6301 through 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

(a) A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or any other chapter, except from headings
5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20,
5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through
5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

(b) A change to any other tariff item of heading 63.03 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,

5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru,
the United States, or both.

A change to headings 6304 through 6305 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to heading 6306 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49,
headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, 5903 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to headings 6307 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5403.49, headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that
the good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

A change to heading 6309 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308 or 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49,
headings 5404 through 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.619

Peru

7.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through 5403.49,
headings 5404 through 5408, 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or
knit to shape, or both and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Peru, the United States, or both.

Chapter 64.

1.

(a) A change to subheadings 6401.10 or 6401.91 or tariff items 6401.92.90, 6401.99.30, 6401.99.60, 6401.99.90, 6402.30.50,
6402.30.70, 6402.30.80, 6402.91.50, 6402.91.80, 6402.91.90, 6402.99.20, 6402.99.80, 6402.99.90, 6404.11.90 or
6404.19.20 from any other heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided
that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent under the build-up method; or

(b) A change to any other good of headings 6401 through 6405 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional

value content of not less than 20 percent under the build-up method.

2.

A change to subheadings 6406.10 through 6406.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 65.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 6501 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 6502 from any other chapter, except from toquilla straw of subheading 1401.90 and heading 4601.

A change to heading 6503 from any other heading, except from headings 6503 through 6507.

A change to heading 6504 from any other heading, except from toquilla straw of subheading 1401.90 and heading 4601, or
headings 6502 through 6507.

A change to headings 6505 through 6506 from any other heading, except from headings 6503 through 6507.

A change to heading 6507 from any other heading.

Chapter 66.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6601 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 67.

1.

(a) A change to heading 6701 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to articles of feather or down of heading 6701 from any other product, including a product in that heading.

2.

A change to headings 6702 through 6704 from any other heading.

Chapter 68.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 6801 through 6811 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 6812.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 6812.60 through 6812.70 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheading 6812.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.620

Peru

5.

6.

A change to headings 6813 through 6814 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 6815.10 through 6815.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 69.

A change to headings 6901 through 6914 from any other chapter.

Chapter 70.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7001 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.20 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7002.31 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7002.32 through 7002.39 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7003 through 7006 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to subheading 7007.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7007.19 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7007.

A change to subheading 7007.21 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 7007.29 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7007.

11. A change to heading 7008 from any other heading.

12.

(a) A change to subheading 7009.10 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

13. A change to subheadings 7009.91 through 7018.90 from any other heading outside that group, except from headings 7007

through 7008.

14. A change to heading 7019 from any other heading..

15. A change to heading 7020 from any other heading.

Chapter 71.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to heading 7101 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7102 through 7103 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7104 through 7105 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7106 through 7108 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7109 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.621

Peru

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 7110 through 7111 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7112 from any other heading.

(a) A change to heading 7113 from any other heading, except from heading 7116; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 55 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 65 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to headings 7114 through 7115 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 7116 from any other heading, except from heading 7113.

11. A change to headings 7117 through 7118 from any other heading.

Chapter 72.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 7201 through 7205 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7206 through 7207 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7208 through 7229 from any other heading.

Chapter 73.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

(a) A change to headings 7301 through 7307 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to a good of subheading 7304.41 having an external diameter of less than 19 mm from subheading 7304.49.

A change to heading 7308 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed on
angles, shapes or sections of heading 7216:

(a) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(b) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(c) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(d) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H- sections or I-sections; provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(e) painting, galvanizing or otherwise coating; or

(f)

adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching or
cutting, to create an article suitable as a column.

A change to headings 7309 through 7311 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7312 through 7314 from any other heading.

(a) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from subheading 7315.19, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.19 from any other heading.

(a) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7316 from any other heading, except from headings 7312 or 7315.

GN p.622

Peru

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to headings 7317 through 7318 from any heading outside that group.

11. A change to headings 7319 through 7320 from any other heading.

12.

(a) A change to subheading 7321.11 from any other subheading, except cooking chambers, whether or not assembled, the
upper panels, whether or not with controls or burners or door assemblies, which includes more than one of the following
components: inside panel, external panel, window or isolation of subheading 7321.90; or

(b) A change to subheading 7321.11 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

13.

(a) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.83 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.83 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(a) A change to subheading 7321.90 from any other heading, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15. A change to headings 7322 through 7323 from any heading outside that group.

16.

(a) A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.623

Peru

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 7324.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 7325.10 through 7326.20 from any subheading outside that group.

19. A change to subheading 7326.90 from any other heading, except from heading 7325.

Chapter 74.

1.

A change to headings 7401 through 7403 from any other heading.

2. No change in tariff classification is required for a good of heading 7404, provided that there is regional value content of not

less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to headings 7405 through 7407 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7408 from any other heading except from heading 7407.

A change to heading 7409 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7410 from any other heading, except from plate, sheet or strip of heading 7409 of a thickness less than
5mm.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 7411 through 7419 from any other heading.

Chapter 75.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7501 through 7505 from any other heading.

(a) A change to heading 7506 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to foil, not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness, from any other good of heading 7506, provided that there has been

a reduction in thickness of no less than 50 percent.

3.

A change to subheadings 7507.11 through 7508.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 76.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to heading 7601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7603 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7604 from any other heading, except from headings 7605 through 7606.

A change to heading 7605 from any other heading, except from heading 7604.

A change to subheading 7606.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.12 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.624

Peru

8.

9.

A change to subheading 7606.91 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

10. A change to subheading 7607.11 from any other heading.

11.

(a) A change to subheadings 7607.19 through 7607.20 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to headings 7608 through 7609 from any other heading outside that group.

13. A change to headings 7610 through 7615 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheading 7616.10 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheadings 7616.91 through 7616.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 78.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7801 through 7802 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7803 through 7806 from any other heading.

Chapter 79.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 7901 through 7902 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7904 through 7907 from any other heading.

Chapter 80.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 8001 through 8002 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8003 through 8004 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8005 from any other heading, except from heading 8004.

A change to headings 8006 through 8007 from any other heading.

Chapter 81.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 8101.10 through 8101.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8101.95 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8101.96 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8101.95.

A change to subheading 8101.97 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.625

Peru

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8101.99 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 8102.10 through 8102.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8102.95 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8102.96 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8102.95.

A change to subheading 8102.97 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 8102.99 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8103.20 through 8103.30 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheading 8103.90 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheadings 8104.11 through 8104.20 from any other chapter.

14. A change to subheadings 8104.30 through 8104.90 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheadings 8105.20 through 8105.30 from any other chapter.

16. A change to subheading 8105.90 from any other subheading.

17.

(a) A change to heading 8106 from any other chapter, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

18. A change to subheadings 8107.20 through 8107.30 from any other chapter.

19. A change to subheading 8107.90 from any other subheading.

20. A change to subheadings 8108.20 through 8108.30 from any other chapter.

21. A change to subheading 8108.90 from any other subheading.

22. A change to subheadings 8109.20 through 8109.30 from any other chapter.

23. A change to subheading 8109.90 from any other subheading.

24.

(a) A change to headings 8110 through 8111 from any other chapter, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

25. A change to subheadings 8112.12 through 8112.13 from any other chapter.

26. A change to subheading 8112.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.626

Peru

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

27.

(a) A change to subheadings 8112.21 through 8112.59 from any other chapter, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

28. A change to subheading 8112.92 from any other chapter.

29. A change to subheading 8112.99 from any other subheading.

30.

(a) A change to heading 8113 from any other chapter, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 82.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 8201 through 8206 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to subheading 8207.13 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 8207.13 from heading 8209 or subheading 8207.19, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8207.19 through 8207.90 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to headings 8208 through 8215 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8211.91 through 8211.93 from subheading 8211.95, whether or not there is also a change from

another chapter, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 83.

1.

(a) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from subheading 8301.60, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

(a) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.627

Peru

(b) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8301.60 through 8301.70 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8302 through 8304 from any other heading.

(a) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8305.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8306.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 8306.21 through 8306.30 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8307 from any other heading.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

(a) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

11. A change to subheading 8308.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to headings 8309 through 8310 from any other heading.

13.

(a) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 8311.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 84.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8401.40 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.628

Peru

3.

(a) A change to subheading 8402.11 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8402.11 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(a) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

(a) A change to subheading 8402.19 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8402.19 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(a) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

(a) A change to subheading 8402.90 from any other heading, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8403.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8403.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 8404.10 from any other subheading.

11.

(a) A change to subheading 8404.20 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8404.20 from subheading 8404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.629

Peru

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 8404.90 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheading 8405.10 from any other subheading.

14. A change to subheading 8405.90 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheading 8406.10 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheadings 8406.81 through 8406.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

17.

(a) A change to subheading 8406.90 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

18. A change to subheadings 8407.10 through 8407.29 from any other heading.

19.

(a) A change to subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

under the net cost method.

20. A change to subheading 8407.90 from any other heading.

21. A change to subheading 8408.10 from any other heading.

22.

(a) A change to subheading 8408.20 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

under the net cost method.

23. A change to subheading 8408.90 from any other heading.

24. No change in tariff classification is required for a good of heading 8409, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent under the net cost method.

25. A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from any other subheading outside that group.

26. A change to subheading 8410.90 from any other heading.

27. A change to subheadings 8411.11 through 8411.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

28. A change to subheading 8411.91 from any other heading.

29.

(a) A change to subheading 8411.99 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.630

Peru

30. A change to subheadings 8412.10 through 8412.80 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheading 8412.90 from any other heading.

32. A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from any other subheading.

33.

(a) A change to subheadings 8413.91 through 8413.92 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, for subheading 8413.92, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

34.

(a) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from subheading 8414.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

35.

(a) A change to subheading 8414.90 from any other heading, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

36. A change to subheadings 8415.10 through 8415.83 from any other subheading.

37.

(a) A change to subheading 8415.90 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to chassis, chassis blades and outer cabinets of subheading 8415.90 from any other good, including a good

in that subheading.

38. A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8416.90 from any other subheading

39. A change to subheadings 8417.10 through 8417.80 from any other subheading.

40. A change to subheading 8417.90 from any other heading.

41. A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.69 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

8418.91.

42. A change to subheadings 8418.91 through 8418.99 from any other heading.

43. A change to subheading 8419.11 from any other subheading.

44.

(a) A change to subheading 8419.19 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8419.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.631

Peru

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

45. A change to subheadings 8419.20 through 8419.89 from any other subheading.

46.

(a) A change to subheading 8419.90 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

47. A change to subheading 8420.10 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheadings 8420.91 through 8420.99 from any other heading.

49. A change to subheadings 8421.11 through 8421.39 from any other subheading.

50.

(a) A change to subheading 8421.91 from any other heading, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

51.

(a) A change to subheading 8421.99 from any other heading, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

52. A change to subheadings 8422.11 through 8422.40 from any other subheading.

53.

(a) A change to subheading 8422.90 from any other heading, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

54. A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.89 from any other subheading.

55. A change to subheading 8423.90 from any other heading.

56. A change to subheadings 8424.10 through 8430.69 from any other subheading.

57.

(a) A change to heading 8431 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification to subheadings 8431.10, 8431.31, 8431.39, 8431.43 or 8431.49 is required, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.632

Peru

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

58. A change to subheadings 8432.10 through 8432.80 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheading 8432.90 from any other heading.

60. A change to subheadings 8433.11 through 8433.60 from any other subheading.

61. A change to subheading 8433.90 from any other heading.

62. A change to subheadings 8434.10 through 8435.90 from any other subheading.

63. A change to subheadings 8436.10 through 8436.80 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheadings 8436.91 through 8436.99 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 8437.10 through 8437.80 from any other subheading.

66. A change to subheading 8437.90 from any other heading.

67. A change to subheadings 8438.10 through 8438.80 from any other subheading.

68. A change to subheading 8438.90 from any other heading.

69. A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8440.90 from any other subheading.

70. A change to subheadings 8441.10 through 8441.80 from any other subheading.

71.

(a) A change to subheading 8441.90 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

72. A change to subheadings 8442.10 through 8442.30 from any other subheading outside that group.

73. A change to subheadings 8442.40 through 8442.50 from any other heading.

74.

(a) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.59 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

8443.60, or

(b) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.59 from subheading 8443.60, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

75. A change to subheading 8443.60 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.59.

76. A change to subheading 8443.90 from any other heading.

77. A change to heading 8444 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.633

Peru

78. A change to headings 8445 through 8447 from any other heading outside that group.

79. A change to subheadings 8448.11 through 8448.19 from any other subheading.

80. A change to subheadings 8448.20 through 8448.59 from any other heading.

81. A change to heading 8449 from any other heading.

82. A change to subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20 from any other subheading.

83. A change to subheading 8450.90 from any other heading.

84. A change to subheadings 8451.10 through 8451.80 from any other subheading.

85. A change to subheading 8451.90 from any other heading.

86. A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

87. A change to subheadings 8452.30 through 8452.40 from any other subheading.

88. A change to subheading 8452.90 from any other heading.

89. A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from any other subheading.

90. A change to subheading 8453.90 from any other heading.

91. A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from any other subheading.

92. A change to subheading 8454.90 from any other heading.

93. A change to subheadings 8455.10 through 8455.90 from any other subheading.

94. A change to headings 8456 through 8463 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 65 percent under the build-down method.

95. A change to headings 8464 through 8465 from any other heading.

96. A change to heading 8466 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

97. A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.89 from any other subheading.

98. A change to subheading 8467.91 from any other heading.

99. A change to subheadings 8467.92 through 8467.99 from any other heading, except from heading 8407.

100. A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from any other subheading.

101. A change to subheading 8468.90 from any other heading.

102. A change to subheadings 8469.11 through 8469.12 from any other subheading outside that group.

103. A change to subheadings 8469.20 through 8469.30 from any other subheading outside that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.634

Peru

104. A change to subheadings 8470.10 through 8471.90 from any other subheading.

105. A change to subheadings 8472.10 through 8472.90 from any other subheading.

106. (a) A change to subheadings 8473.10 through 8473.50 from any other subheading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

107. A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

108. (a) A change to subheading 8474.90 from any other heading, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

109. A change to subheading 8475.10 from any other subheading.

110. A change to subheadings 8475.21 through 8475.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

111. A change to subheading 8475.90 from any other heading.

112. A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from any other subheading outside that group.

113. A change to subheading 8476.90 from any other heading.

114. (a) A change to heading 8477 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8477.10 through 8477.80 from subheading 8477.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

115. A change to subheading 8478.10 from any other subheading.

116. A change to subheading 8478.90 from any other heading.

117. A change to subheadings 8479.10 through 8479.89 from any other subheading.

118. A change to subheading 8479.90 from any other heading.

119. A change to heading 8480 from any other heading.

120. (a) A change to subheadings 8481.10 though 8481.80 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.635

Peru

(b) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from subheading 8481.90, whether or not there is also a change from

another heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

121. A change to subheading 8481.90 from any other heading.

122. (a) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from any subheading outside that group, except from inner or outer

rings or races of subheading 8482.99; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from inner or outer rings or races of subheading 8482.99, whether
or not there is also a change from any subheading outside that group, provided that there is a regional value content of
not less than 40 percent under the build-up method.

123. A change to subheadings 8482.91 through 8482.99 from any other heading.

124. A change to subheading 8483.10 from any other subheading.

125. A change to subheading 8483.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80.

126. (a) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other heading, or

(b) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 40 percent under the build-up method.

127. (a) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through

8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10

through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 40 percent under
the build-up method.

128. A change to subheading 8483.60 from any other subheading.

129. A change to subheading 8483.90 from any other heading.

130. A change to subheadings 8484.10 through 8484.20 from any other subheading.

131. A change to subheading 8484.90 from any other heading.

132. A change to heading 8485 from any other heading.

Chapter 85.

1.

(a) A change to subheading 8501.10 from any other heading, except from stators or rotors of heading 8503; or

(b) A change to subheading 8501.10 from stators or rotors of heading 8503, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 8501.20 through 8501.64 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8502 through 8503 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

A change to subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.23 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

(a) A change to subheading 8504.31 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8504.31 from subheading 8504.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8504.32 through 8504.50 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8505.90 from any other heading.

GN p.636

Peru

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to subheadings 8506.10 through 8506.40 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8506.50 through 8506.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

12. A change to subheading 8506.90 from any other heading.

13.

(a) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheadings 8507.20 through 8507.80 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 8507.90 from any other heading.

16.

(a) A change to subheadings 8509.10 through 8509.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8509.10 through 8509.80 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change

from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 8509.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from any other subheading.

19. A change to subheading 8510.90 from any other heading.

20. A change to subheadings 8511.10 through 8511.80 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheading 8511.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.637

Peru

22. A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.30 from any other subheading outside that group.

23.

(a) A change to subheading 8512.40 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8512.40 from subheading 8512.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

24. A change to subheading 8512.90 from any other heading.

25.

(a) A change to subheading 8513.10 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8513.10 from subheading 8513.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

26. A change to subheading 8513.90 from any other heading.

27. A change to subheadings 8514.10 through 8514.40 from any other subheading.

28. A change to subheading 8514.90 from any other heading.

29. A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

30. A change to subheading 8515.90 from any other heading.

31. A change to subheadings 8516.10 through 8516.50 from any other subheading.

32.

(a) A change to subheading 8516.60 from any other subheading, except from furnitures (whether or not assembled), cooking
chambers (whether or not assembled) or the upper panels (whether or not with heating or control elements) of subheading
8516.90; or

(b) A change to subheading 8516.60 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

33. A change to subheading 8516.71 from any other subheading.

34.

(a) A change to subheading 8516.72 from any other subheading, except from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90

or subheading 9032.10; or

(b) A change to subheading 8516.72 from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90 or 9032.10, whether or not there is

also a change from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.638

Peru

35. A change to subheading 8516.79 from any other subheading.

36.

(a) A change to subheading 8516.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8516.80 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

37.

(a) A change to subheading 8516.90 from any other heading, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

38. A change to subheadings 8517.11 through 8517.80 from any other subheading.

39.

(a) A change to subheading 8517.90 from any other subheading, or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

40.

(a) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

41.

(a) A change to subheading 8518.22 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8518.22 from subheadings 8518.29 or 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

42.

(a) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

43. A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.639

Peru

44. A change to subheadings 8519.10 through 8519.40 from any other subheading.

45. A change to subheadings 8519.92 through 8519.93 from any other subheading outside that group.

46. A change to subheading 8519.99 from any other subheading.

47. A change to subheadings 8520.10 through 8520.20 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheadings 8520.32 through 8520.33 from any other subheading outside that group.

49. A change to subheadings 8520.39 through 8520.90 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheadings 8521.10 through 8524.99 from any other subheading.

51. A change to subheadings 8525.10 through 8525.20 from any other subheading outside that group.

52. A change to subheadings 8525.30 through 8525.40 from any other subheading.

53. A change to subheadings 8526.10 through 8527.90 from any other subheading.

54. A change to subheading 8528.12 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

55. A change to subheading 8528.13 from any other subheading.

56. A change to subheading 8528.21 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

57. A change to subheadings 8528.22 through 8528.30 from any other subheading.

58.

(a) A change to heading 8529 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification for subheading 8529.90 is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

59. A change to subheadings 8530.10 through 8530.80 from any other subheading.

60. A change to subheading 8530.90 from any other heading.

61. A change to subheadings 8531.10 through 8531.80 from any other subheading.

62. A change to subheading 8531.90 from any other heading.

63. A change to subheadings 8532.10 through 8532.30 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheading 8532.90 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 8533.10 through 8533.40 from any other subheading.

66. A change to subheading 8533.90 from any other heading.

67.

(a) A change to heading 8534 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.640

Peru

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

68. A change to subheadings 8535.10 through 8536.90 from any other subheading.

69. A change to headings 8537 through 8538 from any other heading.

70. A change to subheadings 8539.10 through 8539.49 from any other subheading.

71. A change to subheading 8539.90 from any other heading.

72. A change to subheading 8540.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20 or 8540.91.

73. A change to subheading 8540.12 from any other subheading.

74.

(a) A change to subheading 8540.20 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 8540.20 from subheadings 8540.91 through 8540.99, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

75. A change to subheadings 8540.40 through 8540.60 from any other subheading outside that group.

76. A change to subheadings 8540.71 through 8540.89 from any other subheading.

77.

(a) A change to subheading 8540.91 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to front panel assemblies of subheading 8540.91 from any other good including a good in that subheading.

78.

(a) A change to subheading 8540.99 from any other subheading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

79.

(a) A change to assembled semiconductor devices, integrated circuits or microassemblies of subheadings 8541.10 through
8542.90 from unmounted chips, wafers or dice of subheadings 8541.10 through 8542.90 or from any other subheading;
or

(b) A change to all other goods of subheadings 8541.10 through 8542.90 from any other subheading; or

(c) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

80. A change to subheadings 8543.11 through 8543.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

81. A change to subheadings 8543.20 through 8543.30 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.641

Peru

82. A change to subheadings 8543.40 through 8543.89 from any other subheading outside that group.

83. A change to subheading 8543.90 from any other heading.

84. A change to subheading 8544.11 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

85. A change to subheading 8544.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

86.

(a) A change to subheading 8544.20 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 or headings

7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(b) A change to subheading 8544.20 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, whether or not there is also a change from

any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

87. A change to subheadings 8544.30 through 8544.49 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value

content of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

88. A change to subheadings 8544.51 through 8544.59 from any heading.

89. A change to subheadings 8544.60 through 8544.70 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value

content of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

90. A change to subheadings 8545.11 through 8545.90 from any other subheading.

91. A change to heading 8546 from any other heading.

92. A change to subheadings 8547.10 through 8547.90 from any other subheading.

93. A change to heading 8548 from any other heading.

Chapter 86.

1.

2.

A change to headings 8601 through 8602 from any other heading.

(a) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from any other heading, except from heading 8607; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

(b) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from any subheading outside that group.

(a) A change to axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles of subheading 8607.19; or

(b) A change to wheels, whether or not fitted with axles, of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles or parts of wheels of

subheading 8607.19; or

(c) A change to subheading 8607.19 from any other subheading; or

(d) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8607.21 through 8607.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8608 through 8609 from any other heading.

GN p.642

Peru

3.

4.

5.

6.

Chapter 87.

1. No change in tariff classification is required to a good of headings 8701 through 8706, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 35 percent under the net cost method.

2.

(a) A change to heading 8707 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

under the net cost method.

3.

(a) A change to subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.99 from any other subheading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

under the net cost method.

4.

(a) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8709.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8710 from any other heading.

(a) A change to heading 8711 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(b) A change to heading 8711 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

5.

6.

7.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.643

Peru

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

(a) A change to heading 8712 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(b) A change to heading 8712 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to heading 8713 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided that
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10. A change to headings 8714 through 8715 from any other heading.

11.

(a) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 88.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 8801.10 through 8803.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 8804 through 8805 from any other heading.

Chapter 89.

1.

(a) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 8903 from any other heading.

(a) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

(b) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.644

Peru

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

A change to headings 8906 through 8908 from any other heading.

Chapter 90.

1.

(a) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other chapter, except from heading 7002; or

(b) A change to subheading 9001.10 from heading 7002, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 9001.20 through 9001.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9002.11 through 9002.90 from any other heading, except from heading 9001.

(a) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9003.90; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from subheading 9003.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9003.90 from any other heading.

(a) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 9004.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 9001.40 or 9001.50.

A change to subheading 9005.10 from any other subheading.

(a) A change to subheading 9005.80 from any subheading, except from headings 9001 through 9002 or subheading 9005.90;

or

(b) A change to subheading 9005.80 from subheading 9005.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10. A change to subheading 9005.90 from any other heading.

11.

(a) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.69 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.645

Peru

(b) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.69 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from any other heading.

13.

(a) A change to subheadings 9007.11 through 9007.20 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9007.11 through 9007.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 9007.91 from any other heading.

15.

(a) A change to subheading 9007.92 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

16.

(a) A change to subheadings 9008.10 through 9008.40 from any other heading, or

(b) A change to subheadings 9008.10 through 9008.40 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 9008.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheading 9009.11 from any other subheading.

19.

(a) A change to subheading 9009.12 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9009.91; or

(b) A change to subheading 9009.12 from subheading 9009.91, whether or not there is also a change from any other

subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

20. A change to subheadings 9009.21 through 9009.30 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheadings 9009.91 through 9009.93 from any subheading outside that group.

22.

(a) A change to subheading 9009.99 from any other subheading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.646

Peru

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

23.

(a) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

24. A change to subheading 9010.90 from any other heading.

25.

(a) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

26. A change to subheading 9011.90 from any other heading.

27.

(a) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

28. A change to subheading 9012.90 from any other heading.

29.

(a) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

30. A change to subheading 9013.90 from any other heading.

31.

(a) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.647

Peru

32. A change to subheading 9014.90 from any other heading.

33.

(a) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

34.

(a) A change to subheading 9015.90 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

35. A change to heading 9016 from any other heading.

36.

(a) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9022.90 from any other subheading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

37. A change to heading 9023 from any other heading.

38.

(a) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

39. A change to subheading 9024.90 from any other heading.

40.

(a) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other heading or

(b) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

41. A change to subheading 9025.90 from any other heading.

42.

(a) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.648

Peru

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

43. A change to subheading 9026.90 from any other heading.

44.

(a) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

45. A change to subheading 9027.90 from any other heading.

46.

(a) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

47. A change to subheading 9028.90 from any other heading.

48.

(a) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

49. A change to subheading 9029.90 from any other heading.

50. A change to subheadings 9030.10 through 9030.89 from any other subheading.

51. A change to subheading 9030.90 from any other heading.

52.

(a) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other heading;

(b) A change to coordinate measuring machines of subheading 9031.49 from any other good, except from bases and frames

for the goods of the same subheading; or

(c) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

53. A change to subheading 9031.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.649

Peru

54.

(a) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

55. A change to subheading 9032.90 from any other heading.

56. A change to heading 9033 from any other heading.

Chapter 91.

1.

(a) A change to subheading 9101.11 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 9101.11 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

(a) A change to subheading 9101.12 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 9101.12 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

3.

(a) A change to subheading 9101.19 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 9101.19 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(a) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

(a) A change to subheading 9101.29 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 9101.29 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(a) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.650

Peru

(b) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

(a) A change to subheading 9101.99 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 9101.99 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

(a) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

(a) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10.

(a) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from subheading 9111.90 or any other heading, provided that there

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

11.

(a) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 9112.20 from subheading 9112.90 or any other heading, provided that there is regional value content

of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

13.

(a) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.651

Peru

(b) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(a) A change to heading 91.13 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to heading 91.13 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15. A change to heading 9114 from any other heading.

Chapter 92.

1.

(a) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

A change to heading 9209 from any other heading.

Chapter 93.

1.

(a) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 9305 from any other heading.

A change to headings 9306 through 9307 from any other chapter.

2.

3.

Chapter 94.

1.

(a) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

A change to subheading 9401.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.652

Peru

3.

A change to subheadings 9402.10 through 9402.90 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 9403 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9404.10 through 9404.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5106 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408, 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

(a) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99, whether or not there is

also a change from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99 from any other heading.

A change to heading 9406 from any other chapter.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

Chapter 95.

1.

(a) A change to subheadings 9501.00 through 9505.90 from any other subheading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

(a) A change to headings 9506 through 9508 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheading 9506.31 from subheading 9506.39, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 96.

1.

2.

A change to headings 9601 through 9605 from any other chapter.

(a) A change to subheading 9606.10 from any other heading; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.653

Peru

3.

(a) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.22 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.22 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(a) A change to subheading 9606.29 from any other chapter, except from “tagua” of subheading 1404.90; or

(b) A change to subheading 9606.29, except from button molds and button blanks of “tagua” of subheading 9606.30 and
“tagua” of subheading 1404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that there is a
regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheading 9606.30 from any other heading, except from “tagua” of subheading 1404.90.

(a) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from subheading 9607.20, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9607.20 from any other heading.

(a) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from any other chapter; or

(b) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent

under the build-down method.

9.

(a) A change to subheadings 9608.31 through 9608.50 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9608.31 through 9608.50 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, provided that there is

a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10. A change to subheading 9608.60 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheading 9608.91 from any other subheading.

12. A change to subheading 9608.99 from any other heading.

13.

(a) A change to subheading 9609.10 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheading 9609.10 from subheading 9609.20 or any other heading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.654

Peru

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(a) A change to subheadings 9609.20 through 9609.90 from any other heading; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9609.20 through 9609.90 from subheading 9609.20 or any other heading, provided that there

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15. A change to headings 9610 through 9611 from any other heading.

16. A change to subheading 9612.10 from any other chapter.

17. A change to subheading 9612.20 from any other heading.

18.

(a) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from subheading 9613.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

19. A change to subheading 9613.90 from any other heading.

20. A change to subheading 9614.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9614.90.

21. A change to subheading 9614.90 from any other heading.

22.

(a) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from any other chapter; or

(b) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from subheading 9615.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

23. A change to subheading 9615.90 from any other heading.

24. A change to heading 9616 from any other heading.

25. A change to heading 9617 from any other chapter.

26. A change in heading 9618 from any other heading.

Chapter 97.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 9701.10 through 9701.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 9702 through 9706 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.655

Korea

33. United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement (UKFTA) are subject to duty as provided

herein. For the purposes of this note, goods of Korea, subject to subdivisions (b) through (o) of this note, that are imported into the
customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special” subcolumn of
rate of duty column 1 followed by the symbol “KR” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment, and any applicable quantitative
limitations, set forth in the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 201 and 202 of the United States-Korea Free Trade
Agreement Implementation Act (Pub.L. 112-41; 125 Stat. 428).

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (n) and (o) thereof, a good imported into the customs
territory of the United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good of a UKFTA country under the terms of this note if–

(i)

the good is wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both;

(ii)

the good is produced entirely in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and--

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification

specified in subdivision (o) of this note; or

(B)

the good otherwise satisfies any applicable regional value-content or other requirements set forth in such subdivision (o);
and

satisfies all other applicable requirements of this note and of applicable regulations; or

(iii)

the good is produced entirely in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, exclusively from materials described in
subdivisions (i) or (ii), above.

For the purposes of this note, the term “UKFTA country” refers only to Korea or to the United States.

(c)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, the expression “wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Korea or
of the United States, or both” means any of the following–

(A) plants and plant products grown, and harvested or gathered, in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both;

(B)

live animals born and raised in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both;

(C) goods obtained in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, from live animals;

(D) goods obtained from hunting, trapping, fishing or aquaculture conducted in the territory of Korea or of the United States,

or both;

(E) minerals and other natural resources not included in subdivisions (A) through (D) that are extracted or taken from the

territory of Korea or of the United States, or both;

(F)

fish, shellfish and other marine life taken from the sea, seabed or subsoil outside the territory of Korea or of the United
States, or both, by–

(i)

a vessel that is registered or recorded with Korea and flying the flag of Korea, or

(ii)

a vessel that is documented under the laws of the United States;

(G) goods produced on board a factory ship from goods referred to in subdivision (F), if such factory ship–

(i)

is registered or recorded with Korea and flies the flag of Korea, or

(ii)

is a vessel that is documented under the laws of the United States;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.656

Korea

(H)

(i)

goods taken by Korea or a person of Korea from the seabed or beneath the seabed or subsoil outside the territory
of Korea or of the United States, or both, if Korea has rights to exploit such seabed or subsoil, or

(ii)

goods taken by the United States or a person of the United States from the seabed or beneath the seabed or subsoil
outside the territory of the United States or of Korea, or both, if the United States has rights to exploit such seabed
or subsoil;

(I)

goods taken from outer space, if the goods are obtained by Korea or the United States or a person of Korea or the United
States and not processed in the territory of a country other than Korea or the United States;

(J) waste and scrap derived from–

(1) manufacturing or production operations in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, or

(2) used goods collected in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, if such goods are fit only for the recovery

of raw materials;

(K)

recovered goods derived in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, from used goods; or

(L) goods, at any stage of production, produced in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, exclusively from–

(i)

goods referred to in any of subdivisions (A) through (J) above, or

(ii)

the derivatives of goods referred to in clause (L)(i).

(ii)

(A) For the purposes of subdivision (i)(K), the term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that are

the result of:

(1)

the disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(2)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing that is necessary for improvement to sound working condition
of such individual parts.

(B) The term “remanufactured good” for purposes of this note means a good that is classified under chapter 84, 85, 87 or 90

or heading 9402, and that--

(1)

is entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods, and

(2) has a similar life expectancy and enjoys a factory warranty similar to such a good that is new.

(C) For the purposes of this note–

(1)

the term “material” means a good that is used in the production of another good, including a part or an ingredient;

(2)

the term “material that is self-produced” means an originating material that is produced by a producer of a good and
used in the production of that good; and

(3) a “nonoriginating good or nonoriginating material” is a good or material, as the case may be, that does not qualify

as originating under this note.

(D) For the purposes of this note, the term “production” means growing, mining, harvesting, fishing, breeding, raising, trapping,
hunting, manufacturing, processing, assembling or disassembling a good; and the term “producer” means a person who
engages in the production of a good in the territory of Korea or of the United States.

(iii) Transit and transshipment. A good that has undergone production necessary to qualify as an originating good under this note

shall not be considered to be an originating good if, subsequent to that production, the good--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.657

Korea

(A) undergoes further production or any other operation outside the territory of Korea or of the United States, other than

unloading, reloading or any other process necessary to preserve the good in good condition or to transport the good to
the territory of Korea or of the United States, or

(B) does not remain under the control of customs authorities in the territory of a country other than Korea or the United States.

(d) Textile and apparel articles.

(i)

For purposes of this note, a textile or apparel good provided for in subheadings 4202.12, 4202.22, 4202.32 or 4202.92, chapters
50 through 63, heading 7019 or subheading 9404.90 of the tariff schedule is an originating good if:

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification
specified in subdivision (o) of this note as a result of production occurring entirely in the territory of Korea or of the United
States, or both, or the good otherwise satisfies the applicable requirements of this note where a change in tariff classification
for each nonoriginating material is not required, and

(B)

the good satisfies any other applicable requirements of this note.

The provisions of subdivision (o) of this note shall not apply in determining the country of origin of a textile or apparel good for
nonpreferential purposes.

(ii) Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (o) of this note, textile or apparel goods classifiable under general rule of

interpretation 3 of the tariff schedule as goods put up in sets for retail sale shall not be regarded as originating goods unless
each of the goods in the set is an originating good or the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does not exceed 10
percent of the customs value of the set.

(iii) For purposes of this note, the expression “wholly formed and finished” means:

(A) when used in reference to fabrics, all production processes and finishing operations necessary to produce a finished

fabric ready for use without further processing, and such processes and operations include formation processes, such
as weaving, knitting, needling, tufting, felting, entangling or other such processes, and finishing operations, including
bleaching, dyeing and printing; and

(B) when used in reference to yarns, all production processes and finishing operations, beginning with the extrusion of

filaments, strips, film or sheets, and including drawing to fully orient a filament or slitting a film or sheet into strip, or the
spinning of all fibers into yarn, or both, and ending with a finished yarn or plied yarn.

(iv) A textile or apparel good may be considered to be an originating good if--

(A)

the total weight of all fibers and yarns that are used in the production of the component of the good that determines the
tariff classification of the good and that do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification is not more than 7
percent of the total weight of that component; or

(B)

it is eligible for entry under applicable provisions of subchapter XX of chapter 99.

Notwithstanding the provisions of subdivision (d(iv)(A), a good containing elastomeric yarns in the component of the good that
determines the tariff classification of the good shall be considered to be an originating good only if such yarns are wholly formed
and finished in the territory of Korea or of the United States.

(v) For purposes of this note, in the case of a good that is a yarn, fabric or fiber, the term “component of the good that determines

the tariff classification of the good” means all of the fibers in the good

(e) De minimis.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (ii) below, a good (other than a textile or apparel good described in subdivision (d) above)
that does not undergo a change in tariff classification pursuant to subdivision (o) of this note is an originating good if–

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.658

Korea

(A)

the value of all nonoriginating materials that are used in the production of the good that do not undergo the applicable
change in tariff classification does not exceed 10 percent of the adjusted value of the good;

(B)

the value of such nonoriginating materials is included in the value of nonoriginating materials for any applicable regional
value-content requirement for the good under this note; and

(C)

the good meets all other applicable requirements of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to–

(A) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 3 of the tariff schedule that is used in the production of a good provided

for in chapter 3;

(B) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by

weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90 that is used in the production of a good provided for
in chapter 4;

(C) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by

weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90, that is used in the production of any of the following goods:

(1)

infant preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids, the foregoing provided for in subheading
1901.10;

(2) mixes and doughs, containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, the foregoing provided

for in subheading 1901.20;

(3) dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids, the foregoing provided for in subheading

1901.90 or 2106.90;

(4) goods provided for in heading 2105;

(5) beverages containing milk, the foregoing provided for in subheading 2202.90; or

(6) animal feeds containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids, the foregoing provided for in subheading 2309.90;

(D) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 7 that is used in the production of a good provided for in subheading
0703.10, 0703.20, 0709.59, 0709.60, 0711.90, 0712.20, 0714.20 or any of subheadings 0710.21 through 0710.80 or
0712.39 through 0713.10;

(E) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0805, or in any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, that is used
in the production of a good provided for in any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, or in fruit or vegetable juice of
any single fruit or vegetable, fortified with minerals or vitamins, concentrated or unconcentrated, provided for in subheading
2106.90 or 2202.90;

(F) nonoriginating peaches, pears or apricots provided for in chapter 8 or 20 that are used in the production of a good provided

for in heading 2008;

(G) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1006, or a nonoriginating rice product provided for in chapter 11 that is
used in the production of a good provided for in heading 1006, 1102, 1103, 1104 or subheading 1901.20 or 1901.90;

(H) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 15 that is used in the production of a good provided for in any of headings

1501 through 1508 or heading 1512, 1514 or 1515;

(I)

a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1701 that is used in the production of a good provided for in any of
headings 1701 through 1703;

(J) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 17 that is used in the production of a good provided for in subheading

1806.10;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.659

Korea

(K) except as provided in subdivisions (A) through (J) above and subdivision (o) of this note, a nonoriginating material used

in the production of a good provided for in any of chapters 1 through 24, unless the nonoriginating material is provided
for in a different subheading than the good for which origin is being determined under this note.

(iii) For the purposes of this note, the term “adjusted value” means the value determined in accordance with Articles 1 through 8,
Article 15 and the corresponding interpretive notes of the Agreement on Implementation of Article VII of the General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(8)),
adjusted, if necessary, to exclude any costs, charges or expenses incurred for transportation, insurance and related services
incident to the international shipment of the merchandise from the country of exportation to the place of importation.

(f) Accumulation.

(i)

For purposes of this note, originating materials from the territory of Korea or the United States that are used in the production
of a good in the territory of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of such other country.

(ii) A good that is produced in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, by one or more producers, is an originating

good if the good satisfies all of the applicable requirements of this note.

(g) Regional value content.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content for a good referred to in subdivision (o) of this
note, except for goods to which subdivision (h) applies, shall be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good,
on the basis of the build-down method described in subdivision (g)(i)(A) or the build-up method described in (g)(i)(B) below.

(A) For the build-down method, the regional value content of a good may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC =
((AV - VNM)/AV) x 100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value
of the good; and VNM is the value of nonoriginating materials, other than indirect materials, acquired and used by the
producer in the production of the good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced; or

(B) For the build-up method, the regional value content may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC = (VOM /AV) x

100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value of the good; and
VOM is the value of originating materials, other than indirect materials, that are acquired or self-produced, and used by
the producer in the production of the good.

(ii) Value of materials.

(A) For the purpose of calculating the regional value content of a good under subdivision (g)(i) and for purposes of applying

the de minimis provisions of subdivision (e) of this note, the value of a material is:

(1)

in the case of a material that is imported by the producer of the good, the adjusted value of the material;

(2)

in the case of a material acquired in the territory in which the good is produced, the value, determined in accordance
with Articles 1 through 8, Article 15 and the corresponding interpretive notes, of the Agreement on Implementation
of Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay
Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(8)), as set forth in regulations promulgated by the Secretary of the
Treasury providing for the application of such Articles in the absence of an importation by the producer; or

(3)

in the case of a material that is self-produced, the sum of–

(i)

all expenses incurred in the production of the material, including general expenses, and

(ii)

an amount for profit equivalent to the profit added in the normal course of trade.

(B) The value of materials may be further adjusted as follows:

(1)

for originating materials, the following expenses, if not included in the value of an originating material calculated
under subdivision (A) above, may be added to the value of the originating material:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.660

Korea

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, to the location of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Korea or of the United States,
or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including
credit against duty or tax paid or payable; and

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or byproducts; and

(2)

for non-originating materials, if included the value of a nonoriginating material calculated under subdivision (A) above,
the following expenses may be deducted from the value of the nonoriginating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, to the location of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Korea or of the United States,
or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including
credit against duty or tax paid or payable;

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or by-products; or

(IV) the cost of originating materials used in the production of the nonoriginating material in the territory of Korea

or of the United States, or both.

(C) All costs considered for the calculation of regional value content shall be recorded and maintained in conformity with the
generally accepted accounting principles applicable in the territory of the country in which the good is produced (whether
Korea or the United States). The term “generally accepted accounting principles”--

(i) means the recognized consensus or substantial authoritative support given in the territory of Korea or of the United

States, as the case may be, with respect to the recording of revenues, expenses, costs, assets and liabilities, the
disclosure of information and the preparation of financial statements, and

(ii) may encompass broad guidelines for general application as well as detailed standards, practices and procedures.

(h) Automotive goods.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content of an automotive good referred to in subdivision
(o) of this note may be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good on the basis of the build-down method
described in subdivision (g)(i)(A) of this note, the build-up method described in subdivision (g)(i)(B) of this note or the following
net cost method, RVC = (NC - VNM)/NC X 100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; NC is
the net cost of the good; and VNM is the value of nonoriginating materials, other than indirect materials, acquired and used
by the producer in the production of the automotive good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced.

(ii) For purposes of this subdivision, the term “automotive good” means a good provided for in any of subheadings 8407.31 through

8407.34, subheading 8408.20, heading 8409 or any of headings 8701 through 8708.

(iii) For purposes of determining the regional value content under subdivision (h)(i) of this note for an automotive good that is a

motor vehicle provided for in any of headings 8701 through 8705, an importer, exporter or producer may average the amounts
calculated under the net cost formula contained in subdivision (h)(i), over the producer’s fiscal year–

(A) with respect to all motor vehicles in any one of the categories described in subdivision (h)(iv), or

(B) with respect to all motor vehicles in any such category that are exported to the territory of Korea or of the United States.

(iv) A category is described in this subdivision if it–

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.661

Korea

(A)

is the same model line of motor vehicles, is in the same class of motor vehicles and is produced in the same plant in the
territory of Korea or of the United States, as the good described in subdivision (h)(iii) for which regional value content is
being calculated;

(B)

is the same class of motor vehicles, and is produced in the same plant in the territory of Korea or of the United States,
as the good described in subdivision (h)(iii) for which regional value content is being calculated; or

(C)

is the same model line of motor vehicles produced in the territory of Korea or of the United States as the good described
in subdivision (h)(iii) for which regional value content is being calculated.

(v) The term “class of motor vehicles” means any one of the following categories of motor vehicles:

(A) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.20, 8704.10, 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32 or 8704.90, or heading 8705 or

8706, or motor vehicles for the transport of 16 or more persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90;

(B) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.10 or any of subheadings 8701.30 through 8701.90;

(C) motor vehicles for the transport of 15 or fewer persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90, or motor vehicles

provided for in subheading 8704.21 or 8704.31; or

(D) motor vehicles provided for in any of subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90.

(vi) For purposes of determining the regional value content under subdivision (g) of this note for automotive materials provided for
in any of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34, in subheading 8408.20 or in heading 8409, 8706, 8707 or 8708, that are
produced in the same plant, an importer, exporter or producer may–

(A) average the amounts calculated under the net cost formula contained in subdivision (h)(i) over–

(1)

the fiscal year of the motor vehicle producer to whom the automotive goods are sold,

(2) any quarter or month, or

(3)

the fiscal year of the producer of such goods,

if the goods were produced during the fiscal year, quarter or month that is the basis for the calculation;

(B) determine the average referred to in subdivision (h)(iii) separately for such goods sold to one or more motor vehicle

producers; or

(C) make a separate determination under subdivision (h)(iii) or (h)(iv) for such goods that are exported to the territory of Korea

or of the United States.

(vii) The importer, exporter or producer of an automotive good shall, consistent with the provisions regarding allocation of costs

provided for in generally accepted accounting principles, determine the net cost of the automotive good under subdivision
subdivision (h)(ii) by–

(A) calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by the producer of the automotive good, subtracting

any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping and packing costs and nonallowable
interest costs that are included in the total cost of all such goods, and then reasonably allocating the resulting net cost
of those goods to the automotive good;

(B) calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by that producer, reasonably allocating the total cost
to the automotive good, and then subtracting any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties,
shipping and packing costs and nonallowable interest costs that are included in the portion of the total cost allocated to
the automotive good; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.662

Korea

(C)

reasonably allocating each cost that forms part of the total cost incurred with respect to the automotive good so that the
aggregate of these costs does not include any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping
and packing costs or nonallowable interest costs.

(i)

Accessories, spare parts or tools.

(i)

Subject to subdivisions (ii) and (iii) of this subdivision, accessories, spare parts or tools delivered with a good that form part of
the good's standard accessories, spare parts or tools shall--

(A) be treated as originating goods if the good is an originating good; and

(B) be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo the

applicable change in tariff classification set forth in subdivision (o) of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (i)(i) shall apply only if--

(A)

the accessories, spare parts or tools are classified with and not invoiced separately from the good; and

(B)

the quantities and value of the accessories, spare parts or tools are customary for the good.

(iii)

If the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of the accessories, spare parts or tools shall be taken
into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of the
good.

(j)

Fungible goods and materials.

(i)

A person claiming that a fungible good or fungible material is an originating good may base the claim either on the physical
segregation of the fungible good or fungible material or by using an inventory management method with respect to the fungible
good or fungible material. For purposes of this subdivision, the term “inventory management method” means:

(A) averaging,

(B)

“last-in, first-out,”

(C)

“first-in, first out,” or

(D) any other method that is recognized in the generally accepted accounting principles of the country in which the production

is performed (whether Korea or the United States) or otherwise accepted by that country.

The term “fungible good” or fungible material” means a good or material, as the case may be, that is interchangeable with
another good or material for commercial purposes and the properties of which are essentially identical to such other good or
material.

(ii) A person selecting an inventory management method under subdivision (j)(i) above for a particular fungible good or material

shall continue to use that method for that fungible good or material throughout the fiscal year of such person.

(k) Packaging materials and containers.

(i)

Packaging materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail sale, if classified with the good for which the tariff
treatment under the terms of this note is claimed, shall be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials
used in the production of the good undergo the applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note
and, if the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of such packaging materials and containers shall
be taken into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content
of the good.

(ii) Packing materials and containers for shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether a good is an originating good.

(l)

Indirect materials.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.663

Korea

An indirect material shall be disregarded in determining whether a good is an originating good under the terms of this note, except
for purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note. The term “indirect material” means a good used in the production, testing or
inspection of another good but not physically incorporated into that other good, or a good used in the maintenance of buildings or
the operation of equipment associated with the production of another good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in production or used to operate equipment or buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the good;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other good that is not incorporated into the other good but the use of which in the production of the other good can

reasonably be demonstrated to be a part of that production.

(m) Record-keeping requirements and verification; claims for preferential treatment.

(i)

An importer claiming preferential tariff treatment for a good imported into the territory of the United States under the provisions
of this note shall comply in all respects with applicable Customs regulations. Importers shall, upon request by the appropriate
customs officer, make available such records as are necessary under applicable regulations to demonstrate that a good
qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note.

(ii) For purposes of determining whether a good imported into the customs territory of the United States from the territory of Korea

qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, the appropriate customs officer may conduct a verification
under such terms or procedures as the United States and Korea may agree, as set forth in pertinent regulations.

(iii) An importer may make a claim for the tariff and other treatment provided for under the terms of this note based on either--

(A) a written or electronic certification by the importer, exporter or producer; or

(B)

the importer's knowledge that the good is an originating good, including reasonable reliance on information in the importer's
possession that the good is an originating good, in such form and manner as may be required in applicable regulations.

(n)

Interpretation of rules of origin.

(i) Unless otherwise specified, a rule in subdivision (o) of this note that is set out adjacent and is applicable to a 6-digit subheading
in the tariff schedule shall take precedence over a rule applicable to a 4-digit heading superior thereto and covering the goods
of such subheading. For purposes of this subdivision and subdivision (o) of this note, a tariff provision is a “heading” if its article
description is not indented; a provision is a “subheading” if it is designated by 6 digits under the Harmonized Commodity
Description and Coding System.

(ii) Reference to weight in the rules set forth in subdivision (o) of this note for goods provided for in chapters 1 through 24 of the

tariff schedule means dry weight, unless otherwise specified in the tariff schedule.

(iii) A requirement of a change in tariff classification in subdivision (o) of this note applies only to nonoriginating materials.

(iv)

If goods are classified as a set as a result of the application of rule 3 of the general rules of interpretation of the tariff schedule,
the set is originating under this note only if each good in the set is originating. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this
subdivision, a set of goods is originating if the value of all the nonoriginating goods in the set does not exceed 15 percent of
the adjusted value of the set.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.664

Korea

(v) A good of chapters 1 through 40, inclusive, shall not be considered to be originating solely by reason of mere dilution with

water or another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the good.

(vi) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 6 through 14, inclusive, agricultural and horticultural goods grown in
the territory of Korea or of the United States shall be treated as originating therein even if grown from seed, bulbs, rootstock,
cuttings, grafts, shoots, buds or other live parts of plants imported from a country other than Korea or the United States.

(vii) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 27 through 40, inclusive (except a good of heading 3823), of the tariff
schedule,a good that undergoes a chemical reaction as defined herein shall be treated as an originating good for purposes of
this note, notwithstanding any product-specific rules enumerated in this note, provided all other applicable requirements are
satisfied. A “chemical reaction” is a process (including a biochemical process) which results in a molecule with a new structure
by breaking intramolecular bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial arrangement of atoms
in a molecule. The following are not considered to be chemical reactions for purposes of this note:

(A) dissolving in water or other solvents;

(B)

the elimination of solvents including solvent water; or

(C)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallization.

(viii) A good of heading in chapters 28 through 40 that satisfies one or more of the provisions enumerated in this subdivision shall
be treated as an originating good for purposes of this note, except as otherwise specified in such provisions. Notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, a good is an originating good if it meets the applicable change in tariff classification or satisfies the
applicable value content requirement specified in the rules of origin in subdivision (o) for such chapters.

(A) A good of chapters 28 through 40 that is subject to purification shall be treated as an originating good provided that the

purification occurs in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both and results in the following:

(1)

the elimination of not less than 80 percent of the impurities; or

(2)

the reduction or elimination of impurities resulting in a good suitable:

(I)

as a pharmaceutical, medicinal, cosmetic, veterinary or food grade substance;

(II) as a chemical product or reagent for analytical, diagnostic or laboratory uses;

(III) as an element or component for use in micro-elements;

(IV) for specialized optical uses;

(V)

for non-toxic uses for health and safety;

(VI) for biotechnical use;

(VII) as a carrier used in a separation process; or

(VIII)for nuclear grade uses.

(B) A good of chapters 30, 31 or 33 through 40 (except for heading 3808) shall be treated as an originating good if the

deliberate and proportionally controlled mixing or blending (including dispersing) of materials to conform to predetermined
specifications, resulting in the production of a good having different essential physical or chemical characteristics that
are relevant to the purposes or uses of the good and are different from the input materials, occurs in the territory of Korea
or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.665

Korea

(C) A good of chapters 30, 31, 33 or 39 shall be treated as an originating good if the deliberate and controlled modification

in particle size of the good, including micronizing by dissolving a polymer and subsequent precipitation, other than by
merely crushing or pressing, resulting in a good having a defined particle size, defined particle size distribution or defined
surface area, which is relevant to the purposes of the resulting good and having different essential physical or chemical
characteristics from the input materials, occurs in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

(D) A good of chapters 28 through 38 shall be treated as an originating good if the production of standards materials occurs
in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both. For the purposes of this subdivision, “standards materials”
(including standard solutions) are preparations suitable for analytical, calibrating or referencing uses, having precise
degrees of purity or proportions that are certified by the manufacturer.

(E) A good of chapters 28 through 39 shall be treated as an originating good if the isolation or separation of isomers from

mixtures of isomers occurs in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

(F) A good of chapters 28 through 38 that undergoes a change from one classification to another in the territory of Korea or
of the United States, or both, as a result of the separation of one or more materials from a man-made mixture shall not
be treated as an originating good unless the isolated material underwent a chemical reaction in the territory of Korea or
of the United States, or both.

(o) Product-specific rules

Chapter 1.

1.

A change to headings 0101 through 0106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 2.

1.

A change to headings 0201 through 0210 from any other chapter, except from fowls of the species Gallus domesticus (chickens) of
heading 0105.

Chapter 3.

Chapter rule 1: Fish, crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates shall be deemed originating even if they were cultivated from
nonoriginating fry (immature fish at a post-larval stage, including fingerlings, parr, smolts and elvers) or larvae.

1.

2.

A change to headings 0301 through 0305 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to smoked goods of headings 0306 through 0308 from goods that are not smoked of headings 0306 through 0308 or

from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of headings 0306 through 0308 from any other chapter.

Chapter 4.

1.

A change to headings 0401 through 0410 from any other chapter, except from subheadings 1901.90 and 2106.90.

Chapter 5.

1.

A change to headings 0501 through 0511 from any other chapter.

Chapter 6.

1.

A change to headings 0601 through 0604 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7.

1.

A change to headings 0701 through 0714 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.666

Korea

Chapter 8.

1.

A change to headings 0801 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Chapter 9.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 0901.11 through 0901.12 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 0901.21 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 0901.22 from any other subheading, except from subheading 0901.21.

A change to subheading 0901.90 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 0902 through 0903 from any other chapter.

A change to crushed, ground or powdered spices of subheadings 0904.11 through 0904.12 from spices that are not crushed, ground or
powdered of subheadings 0904.11 through 0904.12, or from any other subheading; or

A change to mixtures of spices or any good of subheadings 0904.11 through 0904.12 other than crushed, ground, or powdered spices
from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 0904.21 through 0904.22 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 0905.10 through 0909.62 from any other subheading.

10. A change to subheadings 0910.11 through 0910.12 from any other chapter.

11.

(A) A change to crushed, ground or powdered spices of subheadings 0910.20 through 0910.99 from spices that are not crushed, ground,

or powdered of subheadings 0910.20 through 0910.99, or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to mixtures of spices or any good of subheadings 0910.20 through 0910.99 other than crushed, ground or powdered

spices from any other subheading.

Chapter 10.

1.

A change to headings 1001 through 1008 from any other chapter.

Chapter 11.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 1101 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 1102 through 1104 from any other chapter, except from heading 1006.

A change to heading 1105 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701.

A change to headings 1106 through 1109 from any other chapter.

Chapter 12.

1.

A change to headings 1201 through 1214 from any other chapter.

Chapter 13.

1.

2.

A change to heading 1301 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1302.11 through 1302.13 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.667

Korea

3.

4.

5.

A change to subheading 1302.19 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1211.20.

A change to subheadings 1302.20 through 1302.32 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to carrageenan of subheading 1302.39 from within that subheading or any other chapter, provided the nonoriginating

materials of subheading 1302.39 do not exceed 50 percent by weight of the good;

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 1302.39 from any other chapter.

Chapter 14.

1.

A change to headings 1401 through 1404 from any other chapter.

Chapter 15.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 1501 through 1518 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1520 from any other heading.

A change to headings 1521 through 1522 from any other chapter.

Chapter 16 .

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1601 through 1603 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1604.11 through 1604.13 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1604.14 from any other chapter, except from chapter 3.

A change to subheadings 1604.14 through 1604.32 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1605 from any other chapter.

Chapter 17.

1.

2.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1704 from any other heading.

Chapter 18.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1801 through 1802 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 1803 through 1805 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that such goods of 1806.10 containing 90 percent or more by dry
weight of sugar do not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17 and that goods of 1806.10 containing less than 90 percent by dry
weight of sugar do not contain more than 35 percent by weight of non-originating sugar of chapter 17.

A change to subheading 1806.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 1806.31 through 1806.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 19.

1.

A change to subheading 1901.10 from any other chapter, except from heading 1006, and rice products of subheadings 1102.90, 1103.19,
1103.20, 1104.19, 1104.29 and 1104.30, and provided that goods of subheading 1901.10 containing over 10 percent by weight of milk
solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.668

Korea

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheading 1901.20 from any other chapter, except from heading 1006, and rice products of subheadings 1102.90, 1103.19,
1103.20, 1104.19, 1104.29 and 1104.30, and provided that goods of 1901.20 containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not put
up for retail sale, do not contain non-originating dairy goods of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.90 from any other chapter, except from heading 1006, and rice products of subheadings 1102.90, 1103.19,
1103.20, 1104.19, 1104.29 and 1104.30, and provided that goods of 1901.90 containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids do not
contain non-originating dairy goods of chapter 4.

A change to headings 1902 through subheading 1904.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1904.90 from any other chapter, except from heading 1006.

A change to heading 1905 from any other chapter.

Chapter 20.

Chapter rule 1: Fruit, nut and vegetable preparations of headings 2001 through 2008 that have been prepared or preserved by freezing, by
packing (including canning) in water, brine or natural juices or by roasting, either dry or in oil (including processing incidental to freezing,
packing or roasting) shall be treated as originating only if the fresh good were wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Korea or
of the United States, or both. Furthermore, fruit preparations of heading 2008 that contain peaches, pears or apricots, either alone or mixed
with other fruits, shall be treated as originating only if the peaches, pears, or apricots were wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory
of Korea or of the United States, or both.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 2001 through 2007 from any other chapter, except as provided for in chapter rule 1 for chapter 20 and except
from heading 0701.

A change to subheading 2008.11 from any other chapter, except from heading 1202.

A change to subheadings 2008.19 through 2008.99 from any other chapter, except as provided for in chapter rule 1 for chapter 20.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

A change to subheadings 2009.41 through 2009.89 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to cranberry juice mixtures of subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, except from subheadings
2009.11 through 2009.39 or from subheading 2009.81, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided there
is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, whether or not there is also a

change from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a single country other than Korea
or the United States, constitute in single strength form not more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

Chapter 21.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 2101 through 2102 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.20 from any other chapter, provided that tomato ketchup of heading 2103.20 does not contain nonoriginating
goods from subheading 2002.90.

4.

A change to subheading 2103.30 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.669

Korea

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheading 2103.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2104 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2105 from any other heading, except from headings 0401 through 0405 and from dairy preparations containing
over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

(A) A change to concentrated juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90 from any

other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or subheading 2202.90.

(B) A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90:

(1)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90; or

(2)

from any other subheading within chapter 21, heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90, whether or not
there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that the juice of a single fruit or vegetable, or juice ingredients from a
single country other than Korea or the United States, constitute in single strength form not more than 60 percent by volume
of the good;.

(C) A change to compound alcoholic preparations of subheading 2106.90 from any other subheading, except from headings 2203

through 2209;

(D) A change to sugar syrups of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from chapter 17;

(E) A change to goods containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from

chapter 4, or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90;

(F) A change to fruit packed in gelatin containing more than 20 percent by weight of fruit of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter,

except from chapter 20; or

(G) A change to ginseng preparations of subheading 2106.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 1211.20 and 1302.19.

9.

A change to any other good of heading 2106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 22.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 2201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.10 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter,

except from headings 0805 or 2009, or from juice concentrates of subheading 2106.90;

(B) A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2202.90:

(1)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90; or

(2)

from any other subheading within chapter 22, heading 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90, whether or not
there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that the juice of a single fruit or vegetable, or juice ingredients from
Korea or the United States, constitute in single strength form not more than 60 percent by volume of the good;

(C) A change to beverages containing milk of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter, except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations

containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90; or

(D) A change to ginseng preparations of subheading 2202.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 1211.20 and 1302.19.

4.

A change to any other good of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.670

Korea

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 2203 through 2205 from any other chapter, except from compound alcoholic preparations of subheading 2106.90.

(A) A change to cheongju of heading 2206 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 2206 from any other chapter, except from compound alcoholic preparations of subheading

2106.90.

A change to heading 2207 from any other chapter, except from compound alcoholic preparations of subheading 2106.90.

(A) A change to soju of subheading 2208.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 2208 from any other chapter, except from compound alcoholic preparations of subheading

2106.90.

9.

A change to heading 2209 from any other heading.

Chapter 23.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 2301 through 2308 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2309.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2309.90 from any other heading, except from headings 0401 through 0405 or subheading 1901.90.

Chapter 24.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 2401 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2402 from any other chapter or from wrapper tobacco not threshed or similarly processed of heading 2401, or from
homogenized or reconstituted tobacco suitable for use as wrapper tobacco of heading 2403.

(A) A change to homogenized or reconstituted tobacco for use as cigar wrapper of subheading 2403.91 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 2403 from any other chapter.

Chapter 25.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 2501 through 2516 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2517.10 through 2517.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2517.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 2517.41 through 2517.49 from any other heading.

A change to headings 2518 through 2522 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2523 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 2524 through 2530 from any other heading.

Chapter 26.

A change to headings 2601 through 2621 from any other heading.

Chapter 27.

1.

A change to headings 2701 through 2706 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.671

Korea

2.

(A) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other subheading, provided that the good resulting from such change

is the product of a chemical reaction.

3.

A change to headings 2708 through 2709 from any other heading.

Heading rule: For purposes of heading 2710, the following processes confer origin:

(a) Atmospheric distillation: A separation process in which petroleum oils are converted, in a distillation tower, into fractions according

to boiling point and the vapor then condensed into different liquefied fractions.

(b) Vacuum distillation: Distillation at a pressure below atmospheric but not so low that it would be classed as molecular distillation.

(A) A change to any good of heading 2710 from any other good of heading 2710, provided that the good resulting from such change

is the product of a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation or vacuum distillation; or

(B) A change to heading 2710 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

A change to subheading 2711.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.21.

A change to subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2711.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.11.

A change to subheading 2711.29 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.12 through 2711.21.

A change to headings 2712 through 2716 from any other heading.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

Chapter 28.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 2801 through 2808 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2809.10 through 2809.20 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2810 through 2853 from any other heading.

Chapter 29.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 2901.10 through 2901.29 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2902 through 2935 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2936.21 through 2936.29 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to unmixed provitamins of subheading 2936.90 from any other good of subheading 2936.90 or from any other subheading;

or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2936.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 2937.11 through 2941.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2942 from any other heading.

Chapter 30.

1.

A change to subheadings 3001.20 through 3002.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.672

Korea

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 3003 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3004 from any other heading, except from heading 3003.

A change to subheadings 3005.10 through 3006.92 from any other subheading.

Chapter 31.

1.

A change to headings 3101 through 3105 from any other heading.

Chapter 32.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to subheadings 3201.10 through 3202.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3203 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3205 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 3206.11 through 3206.42 from any other subheading.

5A.

(A) A change to pigments and preparations based on cadmium compounds of subheading 3206.49 from any other good of subheading

3206.49 or from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to pigments and preparations based on hexacyanoferrates (ferrocyanides and ferricyanides) of subheading 3206.49 from

any other good of subheading 3206.49 or from any other subheading; or

(C) A change to any other good of subheading 3206.49 from any other subheading.

5B. A change to subheading 3206.50 from any other subheading.

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 3207 through 3212 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 3213 through 3214 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 33.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to subheadings 3301.12 through 3301.30 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to essential oils of bergamot or lime of subheading 3301.19 from any other good of subheading 3301.19 or from any other

subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 3301.19 from essential oils of bergamot or lime of subheading 3301.19 or from any other

subheading.

A change to subheadings 3301.24 through 3301.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3301.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 1211.20 and 1302.19.

A change to headings 3302 through 3307 from any other heading.

Chapter 34.

1.

A change to headings 3401 through 3407 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.673

Korea

Chapter 35.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheadings 3501.10 through 3501.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19 from any other heading, except from heading 0407.

A change to subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3503 through 3504 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3505 from any other heading, except from heading 1108.

A change to heading 3506 from any other heading, except from headings 3501, 3503 and 3505.

A change to heading 3507 from any other heading.

Chapter 36.

1.

A change to headings 3601 through 3606 from any other heading.

Chapter 37.

1.

2.

A change to headings 3701 through 3703 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 3704 through 3707 from any other heading.

Chapter 38.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 3801 through 3807 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3808.50 through 3808.99 from any other subheading, provided that not less than 50 percent by weight of the
total active ingredient or ingredients is originating.

A change to headings 3809 through 3824 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3825 from any other chapter, except from chapters 28 through 37, 40 or 90.

A change to heading 3826 from any other heading.

Chapter 39.

1.

A change to headings 3901 through 3915 from any other heading, provided that the originating polymer content in headings 3901 through
3915 is not less than 50 percent by weight of the total polymer content.

2.

A change to headings 3916 through 3926 from any other heading.

Chapter 40.

1.

(A) A change to heading 4001 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

2.

3.

A change to headings 4002 through 4005 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 4006 from any other heading, except from heading 4001; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.674

Korea

(B) A change to heading 4006 from heading 4001 or from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 30 percent under the build-down method.

4.

A change to headings 4007 through 4017 from any other heading.

Chapter 41.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 4101.20 through 4102.29 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 4103.20 through 4103.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 4104.11 through 4104.49 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to heading 4105 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a tanning

(including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible, or from heading 4112; or

(B) A change to heading 4105 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4106 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a tanning

(including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible, or from heading 4113; or

(B) A change to heading 4106 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91.

A change to heading 4107 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 4112 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 which have undergone a tanning

(including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible, or from heading 4105; or

(B) A change to heading 4112 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4113 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a tanning

(including a pre-tanning) process which is reversible, or from heading 4106; or

(B) A change to heading 4113 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91.

9.

A change to subheadings 4114.10 through 4115.20 from any other subheading.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to heading 4201 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4202.11 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to goods of subheading 4202.12 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, provided that the good

is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 4202.12 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 4202.19 through 4202.21 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to goods of subheading 4202.22 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, provided that the good

is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 4202.22 from any other heading.

6.

A change to subheadings 4202.29 through 4202.31 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.675

Korea

7.

8.

9.

(A) A change to goods of subheading 4202.32 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, provided that the good

is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 4202.32 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 4202.39 through 4202.91 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to goods of subheading 4202.92 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, provided that the good

is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 4202.92 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 4202.99 from any other chapter.

11. A change to headings 4203 through 4206 from any other heading.

Chapter 43.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4301 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4302 through 4304 from any other heading.

Chapter 44.

1.

A change to headings 4401 through 4421 from any other heading.

Chapter 45.

1.

A change to headings 4501 through 4504 from any other heading.

Chapter 46.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4602 from any other heading.

Chapter 47.

1.

A change to headings 4701 through 4707 from any other heading.

Chapter 48.

1.

2.

A change to headings 4801 through 4807 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4808 through 4823 from any other heading.

Chapter 49.

1.

A change to headings 4901 through 4911 from any other chapter.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.676

Korea

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through
5206 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5404 or headings 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5405 or headings 5501 through 5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through
5206, 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5404 or headings 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5309 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to heading 5310 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to heading 5311 from any other heading.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through 5507.

A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.44.40, 5402.47.10 or 5402.52.10, or from any other
chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5408 from subheadings 5403.10, 5403.31 through 5403.32, cuprammonium rayon yarn of subheading 5403.39,
subheading 5403.41 or any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206, any other good of subheading
5403.39, or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5501 through 5507 from any other chapter except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through 5402,
subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5405.

A change to headings 5508 through 5511 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through
5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5405, heading 5501 through subheading 5503.20 or 5503.40
through 5503.90 or headings 5505 through 5516.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through
5206 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5404 or headings 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.677

Korea

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5308
or 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

A change to headings 5801 through 5811 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through 5311,
5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5306 through 5311
or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310
through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311,
chapter 54 or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308
or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through 5311,
5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

A change to headings 6001 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52, headings 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408,
headings 5501 through subheading 5503.20, subheadings 5503.40 through 5503.90 or headings 5505 through 5516.

Chapter 61.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified in the
following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men’s and women’s suits, suit-type jackets, skirts, overcoats,
carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be wholly formed and finished in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or
both:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59, 5212.13
through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through 5407.74,
5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99,
5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34,
5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through 6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining whether a good covered by this chapter is an originating good, the rule applicable to that good
shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible lining
fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the garment,
excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.20 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.678

Korea

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both,
and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

2.

(A) A change to goods of wool or fine animal hair of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through
5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39
or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(i)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or
both, and

(ii)

any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn
or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(i)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or
both, and

(ii)

any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

4.

5.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the
territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

(A) A change to tariff items 6103.10.70 or 6103.10.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn
or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6103.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(i)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or
both, and

(ii)

any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

6.

(A) A change to subheadings 6103.22 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(i)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or
both, and

(ii) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine animal
hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material used in
the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.679

Korea

[TCRs 7-8 deleted.]

9.

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both,
and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

10.

(A) A change to tariff items 6103.39.40 or 6103.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn
or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(i)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or
both, and

(ii)

any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

11. A change to subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both,
and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

12. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

13. A change to subheading 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both,
and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

14.

(A) A change to tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn
or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, or5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.680

Korea

(i)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or
both, and

(ii)

any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

15. A change to subheadings 6104.22 through 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both,
and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104 or a skirt described in heading
6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining
material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

16. A change to subheadings 6104.31 through 6104.32 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both,
and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

[TCRs 17-18 deleted.]

19. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

20. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both,
and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

21. A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or
otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

22. A change to any other good of subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both,
and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.681

Korea

23. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

24. A change to headings 6105 through 6106 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or
headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

25. A change to subheadings 6107.11 through 6107.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

26. A change to subheading 6107.21 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband or elastic,
is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States,
or both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401

through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of
the United States, or both.

27. A change to subheadings 6107.22 through 6107.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

28. A change to subheadings 6108.11 through 6108.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

29. A change to subheading 6108.21 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of waistband, elastic or lace, is
wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or
both; or

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401

through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of
the United States, or both.

30. A change to subheadings 6108.22 through 6108.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheading 6108.31 from:

(A)

tariff items 6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10, provided that the good, exclusive of collar, cuffs, waistband, elastic
or lace, is wholly of such fabric and the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United
States, or both; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.682

Korea

(B) any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401

through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of
the United States, or both.

32. A change to subheadings 6108.32 through 6108.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to headings 6109 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or
headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

34. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

35. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both,
and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers,

imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of
chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

36. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

37. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or
headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 62.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified in the
following subheadings and headings, when used as visible lining material in certain men’s and women’s suits, suit-type jackets, skirts, overcoats,
carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be wholly formed and finished in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or
both:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59, 5212.13
through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72 through 5407.74,
5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34, 5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99,
5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through 5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34,
5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through 6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: Apparel goods of this chapter shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the
territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly of one or more of
the following:

(A) Velveteen fabrics of subheading 5801.23, containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.683

Korea

(B) Corduroy fabrics of subheading 5801.22, containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton and containing more than 7.5 wales

per centimeter;

(C) Fabrics of subheadings 5111.11 or 5111.19, if hand-woven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven in the United Kingdom in

accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Association, Ltd., and so certified by the Association;

(D) Fabrics of subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 grams per square meter, containing wool, not less than 20 per cent

by weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 percent by weight of man-made staple fibers; or

(E) Batiste fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single yarns exceeding 76 metric count, containing
between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of a weight not exceeding 110 grams per square meter.

Chapter rule 3: For purposes of determining whether a good covered by this chapter is an originating good, the rule applicable to that good
shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible lining
fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the garment,
excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.11 through 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.684

Korea

7.

A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

10. A change to tariff items 6203.19.50 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408
or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

11. A change to any other good of subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

12. A change to subheadings 6203.22 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine animal hair,
cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material used in the apparel
article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

13. A change to subheadings 6203.31 through 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

14. A change to tariff items 6203.39.50 or 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408
or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.685

Korea

15. A change to any other good of subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

16. A change to subheadings 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

17. A change to subheadings 6204.11 through 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

18. A change to tariff items 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408
or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

19. A change to any other good of subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

20. A change to subheadings 6204.21 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204 or a skirt described in heading
6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining
material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

21. A change to subheadings 6204.31 through 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

22. A change to tariff items 6204.39.60 or 6204.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408
or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.686

Korea

23. A change to any other good of subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

24. A change to subheadings 6204.41 through 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

25. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

26. A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

27. A change to any other good of subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

28. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

[TCR 29 deleted.]

Subheading rule: Men’s or boys’ shirts of cotton or man-made fibers shall be considered to originate if they are both cut and assembled in
the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars or cuffs, is wholly of one or more
of the following:

(A) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42, 5208.49, 5208.51, 5208.52 or 5208.59,

of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(B) Fabrics of subheadings 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per square

centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(C) Fabrics of subheadings 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per square

centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(D) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per square

centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.687

Korea

(E) Fabrics of subheadings 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 grams per square meter, having a dobby weave created

by a dobby attachment;

(F) Fabrics of subheadings 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks per square

centimeter, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

(G) Fabrics of subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, made

with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric;

(H) Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than 85 warp ends and filling picks per
square centimeter, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric, and characterized by a check effect produced
by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling; or

(I)

Fabrics of subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored with vegetable dyes, of
average yarn number greater than 65 metric.

30. A change to subheadings 6205.20 through 6205.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 55.08 through 55.09, 5511 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to subheading 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

32. A change to headings 6206 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or
headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn
or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

34. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers,

imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material used in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of
chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

35. A change to subheadings 6211.32 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

36. A change to heading 6212 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308,
5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5508
through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.688

Korea

37. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or
headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 63.

Chapter rule 1: For purposes of determining whether a good covered by this chapter is an originating good, the rule applicable to that good
shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 6301 through 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape)
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.44.40, 5402.47.10 or 5402.52.10 or any other chapter, except from headings
5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through
5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

A change to any other good of heading 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212,
5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408
or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

A change to headings 6304 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or
headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn
or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

A change to 6309 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308,
5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5508
through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 64.

1.

A change to subheading 6401.10 or tariff items 6401.92.90, 6401.99.10, 6401.99.30, 6401.99.60, 6401.99.90, 6402.91.10, 6402.91.20,
6402.91.26, 6402.91.50, 6402.91.80, 6402.91.90, 6402.99.08, 6402.99.16, 6402.99.19, 6402.99.33, 6402.99.80, 6402.99.90, 6404.11.90
or 6404.19.20 from any other heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a
regional value content of not less than 55 percent under the build-up method; or

2.

A change to any other good of chapter 64 from any other subheading.

Chapter 65.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 6501 through 6502 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 6504 through 6506 from any other heading, except from headings 6504 through 6507.

A change to heading 6507 from any other heading.

Chapter 66.

1.

A change to headings 6601 through 6602 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.689

Korea

2.

A change to heading 6603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 67.

1.

(A) A change to heading 6701 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to articles of feather or down of heading 6701 from any other good, including a good in that heading.

2.

A change to headings 6702 through 6704 from any other heading.

Chapter 68.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 6801 through 6811 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 6812.80 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 6812.91 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 6812.92 through 6812.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 6813 through 6815 from any other heading.

Chapter 69.

1.

A change to headings 6901 through 6914 from any other chapter.

Chapter 70.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 7001 through 7002 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7003 through 7007 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to heading 7008 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7009 through 7018 from any other heading outside that group, except from glass inners for vacuum flasks or other
vacuum vessels of heading 7020 or headings 7007 through 7008.

A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7020.

A change to heading 7020 from any other heading.

Chapter 71.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 7101 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7102 through 7103 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7104 through 7105 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7106 through 7108 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7109 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7110 through 7111 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7112 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7113 from any other heading, except from heading 7116.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.690

Korea

9.

A change to headings 7114 through 7115 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 7116 from any other heading, except from heading 7113.

11. A change to headings 7117 through 7118 from any other heading.

Chapter 72.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 7201 through 7203 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7204 through 7205 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7206 through 7207 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7208 through 7229 from any other heading.

Chapter 73.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

(A) A change to headings 7301 through 7307 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to a good of subheading 7304.41 having an external diameter of less than 19 mm from subheading 7304.49.

A change to heading 7308 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed on angles,
shapes, or sections classified in heading 7216:

(A) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(B) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(C) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(D) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H-sections or I-sections; provided that the maximum dimension of the weldments,
connectors or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the H-sections or I-sections;

(E) painting, galvanizing or otherwise coating; or

(F) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching or cutting, to

create an article suitable as a column.

A change to headings 7309 through 7311 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7312 through 7314 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from subheading 7315.19, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.19 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.691

Korea

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7316 from any other heading, except from headings 7312 or 7315.

8.

9.

10. A change to heading 7317 from any other heading.

11. A change to heading 7318 from any other heading, except from heading 7317.

12. A change to headings 7319 through 7320 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.11 from any other subheading, except cooking chambers, whether or not assembled, the upper

panels, whether or not with controls or burners, or door assemblies, which includes more than one of the following components:
inside panel, external panel, window, or isolation of subheading 7321.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 7321.11 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.89 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

16. A change to heading 7322 from any other heading.

17. A change to heading 7323 from any heading, except from heading 7322.

18.

(A) A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

19. A change to subheading 7324.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.692

Korea

20. A change to subheadings 7325.10 through 7326.20 from any subheading outside that group.

21. A change to subheading 7326.90 from any other heading, except from heading 7325.

Chapter 74.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 7401 through 7407 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7408 from any other heading, except from heading 7407.

A change to heading 7409 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7410 from any other heading, except from plate, sheet or strip of heading 7409 of a thickness less than 5 mm.

A change to headings 7411 through 7419 from any other heading.

Chapter 75.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7501 through 7505 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 7506 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to foil, not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness, of heading 7506 from any other good of heading 7506, provided that there

has been a reduction in thickness of not less than 50 percent.

3.

A change to subheadings 7507.11 through 7508.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 76.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to headings 7601 through 7603 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7604 from any other heading, except from headings 7605 through 7606.

A change to heading 7605 from any other heading, except from heading 7604.

A change to subheading 7606.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.12 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

A change to subheading 7606.91 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

A change to subheading 7607.11 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7607.19 through 7607.20 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in a tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10. A change to headings 7608 through 7609 from any other heading outside that group.

11. A change to headings 7610 through 7615 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.693

Korea

12. A change to subheading 7616.10 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheadings 7616.91 through 7616.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 78.

1.

2.

A change to heading 7801 through 7804 from any other heading.

(A) A change to lead bars, rods, profiles and wire of heading 7806 from any other good of heading 7806 or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to lead tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 7806 from any other good of heading 7806 or from any other

heading; or

(C) A change to any other good of heading 7806 from lead bars, rods, profiles or wire of heading 7806, or from lead tubes, pipes or

tube or pipe fittings of heading 7806 or from any other heading.

Chapter 79.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 7901 through 7902 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7904 through 7905 from any other heading.

(A) A change to zinc tubes, pipes or tube or pipe fittings of heading 7907 from any other good of heading 7907 or any other heading;

or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 7907 from zinc tubes, pipes or tube or pipe fittings of heading 7907 or any other heading.

Chapter 80.

1.

2.

A change to headings 8001 through 8003 from any other heading.

(A) A change to tin plates, sheets or strip, of a thickness exceeding 0.2 mm, of heading 8007 from any other good of heading 8007 or

from any other heading; or

(B) A change to tin foil, of a thickness not exceeding 0.2 mm, tin powders or flakes of heading 8007 from any other good of heading
8007 or from any other heading, except from plates, sheets or strip, of a thickness exceeding 0.2 mm, of heading 8007; or

(C) A change to tin tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 8007 from any other good of heading 8007 or from any other

heading; or

(D) A change to any other good of heading 8007 from tin plates, sheets or strip, of a thickness exceeding 0.2 mm, tin foil of thickness
not exceeding 0.2 mm, tin powders or flakes, tin tubes, pipes or tube or pipe fittings of heading 8007, or from any other heading.

Chapter 81.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 8101.10 through 8101.94 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8101.96 from any other subheading, except from bars, rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering),
profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading 8101.99.

3.

A change to subheading 8101.97 from any other subheading.

3A.

(A) A change to bars, rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering), profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading 8101.99

from any other good of subheading 8101.99 or from any other subheading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.694

Korea

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8109.99 from bars, rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering), profiles, plates,

sheets, strip or foil of subheading 8101.99 or from any other subheading.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 8102.10 through 8102.95 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8102.96 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8102.95.

A change to subheadings 8102.97 through 8102.99 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 8103.20 through 8105.90 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to heading 8106 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheadings 8107.20 through 8107.90 from any other subheading.

10. A change to subheadings 8108.20 through 8108.30 from any other chapter.

11. A change to subheading 8108.90 from any other subheading.

12. A change to subheadings 8109.20 through 8109.90 from any other subheading.

13.

(A) A change to heading 8110 from any other subheading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to heading 8111 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15. A change to subheadings 8112.12 through 8112.19 from any other subheading.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 8112.21 through 8112.59 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.695

Korea

17.

(A) A change to unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium waste, scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92 from

any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of unwrought germanium or vanadium or germanium or vanadium waste,

scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

45 percent under the build-down method; or

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.92 from any other chapter.

18.

(A) A change to articles of vanadium or germanium of subheading 8112.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of germanium or vanadium, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than

(i)

35 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

45 percent under the build-down method; or

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.99 from articles of germanium or vanadium of subheading 8112.99 or from any other

subheading.

19.

(A) A change to heading 8113 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 82.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 8201 through 8206 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 8207.13 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8207.13 from heading 8209 or subheading 8207.19, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8207.19 through 8207.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 8207.40 through 8207.50 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8207.60 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8207.70 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8207.80 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8207.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.696

Korea

9.

(A) A change to headings 8208 through 8215 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8211.91 through 8211.93 from subheading 8211.95, whether or not there is also a change from another

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 83.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from subheading 8301.60, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

(A) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8301.60 through 8301.70 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8302 through 8304 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8305.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8306.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 8306.21 through 8306.30 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8307 from any other heading.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.697

Korea

11. A change to subheading 8308.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to headings 8309 through 8310 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 8311.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 84.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8401.40 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.11 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.19 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.90 from any other heading, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.698

Korea

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8403.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8403.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 8404.10 from any other subheading.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 8404.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8404.20 from subheadings 8404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 8404.90 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheading 8405.10 from any other subheading.

14. A change to subheading 8405.90 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheading 8406.10 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheadings 8406.81 through 8406.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

17.

(A) A change to subheading 8406.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

18. A change to subheadings 8407.10 through 8407.29 from any other heading.

19.

(A) A change to subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method;

(2) 55 percent under the build-down method; or

(3) 35 percent under the net cost method.

20. A change to subheading 8407.90 from any other heading.

21. A change to subheading 8408.10 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.699

Korea

22.

(A) A change to subheading 8408.20 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method;

(2) 55 percent under the build-down method; or

(3) 35 percent under the net cost method.

23. A change to subheading 8408.90 from any other heading.

24. No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 8409 is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method;

(B) 55 percent under the build-down method; or

(C) 35 percent under the net cost method.

25. A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from any other subheading outside that group.

26. A change to subheading 8410.90 from any other heading.

27. A change to subheadings 8411.11 through 8411.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

28. A change to subheading 8411.91 from any other heading.

29.

(A) A change to subheading 8411.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

30. A change to subheadings 8412.10 through 8412.80 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheading 8412.90 from any other heading.

32. A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from any other subheading.

33.

(A) A change to subheadings 8413.91 through 8413.92 from any other heading; or

(B) For subheading 8413.92, no change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

34.

(A) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from subheading 8414.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.700

Korea

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

35.

(A) A change to subheading 8414.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

36. A change to subheadings 8415.10 through 8415.83 from any other subheading.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8415.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to chassis, chassis blades and outer cabinets of subheading 8415.90 from any other good, including a good in that

subheading.

38. A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8416.90 from any other subheading.

39. A change to subheadings 8417.10 through 8417.80 from any other subheading.

40. A change to subheading 8417.90 from any other heading.

41. A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.69 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading 8418.91.

42. A change to subheadings 8418.91 through 8418.99 from any other heading.

43. A change to subheadings 8419.11 through 8419.89 from any other subheading.

44.

(A) A change to subheading 8419.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

45. A change to subheading 8420.10 from any other subheading.

46. A change to subheadings 8420.91 through 8420.99 from any other heading.

47. A change to subheadings 8421.11 through 8421.39 from any other subheading.

48.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.91 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

49.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.99 from any other heading, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.701

Korea

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

50. A change to subheadings 8422.11 through 8422.40 from any other subheading.

51.

(A) A change to subheading 8422.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

52. A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.89 from any other subheading.

53. A change to subheading 8423.90 from any other heading.

54. A change to subheadings 8424.10 through 8430.69 from any other subheading.

55.

(A) A change to heading 8431 from any other heading; or

(B) For subheadings 8431.10, 8431.31, 8431.39, 8431.43 or 8431.49, no change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading

is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

56. A change to subheadings 8432.10 through 8437.90 from any other subheading.

57. A change to subheadings 8438.10 through 8438.80 from any other subheading.

58. A change to subheading 8438.90 from any other heading.

59. A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8440.90 from any other subheading.

60. A change to subheadings 8441.10 through 8441.80 from any other subheading.

61.

(A) A change to subheading 8441.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

62. A change to subheading 8442.30 from any other subheading.

63. A change to subheadings 8442.40 through 8442.50 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.702

Korea

64.

(A) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheadings 8443.91

through 8443.99; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39 from subheadings 8443.91 through 8443.99, whether or not there is also a

change from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

45 percent under the build-down method.

65.

(A) A change to machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91 from any other good of subheading 8443.91 or from any

other subheading except from subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8443.91 from any other heading.

66.

(A) A change to subheading 8443.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

45 percent under the build-down method.

67. A change to heading 8444 from any other heading.

68. A change to headings 8445 through 8447 from any other heading outside that group.

69. A change to subheadings 8448.11 through 8448.19 from any other subheading.

70. A change to subheadings 8448.20 through 8448.59 from any other heading.

71. A change to heading 8449 from any other heading.

72. A change to subheading 8450.30 from any other subheading.

73. A change to subheading 8450.90 from any other heading.

74. A change to subheadings 8451.10 through 8451.80 from any other subheading.

75. A change to subheading 8451.90 from any other heading.

76. A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

77. A change to subheadings 8452.30 through 8452.40 from any other subheading.

78. A change to subheading 8452.90 from any other heading.

79. A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from any other subheading.

80. A change to subheading 8453.90 from any other heading.

81. A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from any other subheading.

82. A change to subheading 8454.90 from any other heading.

83. A change to subheadings 8455.10 through 8455.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.703

Korea

84. A change to heading 8456 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent under the

build-down method.

85. A change to headings 8457 through 8461 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 55

percent under the build-down method.

86. A change to heading 8462 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 60 percent under the

build down-method.

87. A change to heading 8463 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 55 percent under the

build down-method.

88. A change to headings 8464 through 8465 from any other heading.

89. A change to heading 8466 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

90. A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.89 from any other subheading.

91. A change to subheading 8467.91 from any other heading.

92. A change to subheadings 8467.92 through 8467.99 from any other heading, except from heading 8407.

93. A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from any other subheading.

94. A change to subheading 8468.90 from any other heading.

95. A change to heading 8469 from any other heading.

[TCR 96 deleted.]

97. A change to subheadings 8470.10 through 8472.90 from any other subheading.

98.

(A) A change to subheadings 8473.10 through 8473.50 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent when the build-down method.

99. A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from any other subheading.

100. (A) A change to subheading 8474.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

101. A change to subheading 8475.10 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.704

Korea

102. A change to subheadings 8475.21 through 8475.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

103. A change to subheading 8475.90 from any other heading.

104. A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from any other subheading outside that group.

105. A change to subheading 8476.90 from any other heading.

106. (A) A change to heading 8477 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8477.10 through 8477.80 from subheading 8477.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

107. A change to subheading 8478.10 from any other subheading.

108. A change to subheading 8478.90 from any other heading.

109. A change to subheadings 8479.10 through 8479.90 from any other subheading.

110. A change to heading 8480 from any other heading.

111. (A) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from subheading 8481.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

112. A change to subheading 8481.90 from any other heading.

113. (A) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from any other subheading outside of that group, except from subheading

8482.99; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from subheading 8482.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 40 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method.

114. A change to subheadings 8482.91 through 8482.99 from any other heading.

115. A change to subheading 8483.10 from any other subheading.

116. A change to subheading 8483.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80.

117. (A) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.705

Korea

(B) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 40 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method.

118. (A) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80,

8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40,

8483.60 or 8483.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 40 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method.

119. A change to subheading 8483.60 from any other subheading.

120. A change to subheading 8483.90 from any other heading.

121. A change to subheadings 8484.10 through 8484.90 from any other subheading.

122. (A) A change to subheadings 8486.10 through 8486.40 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

45 percent under the build-down method.

123. (A) A change to subheading 8486.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

45 percent under the build-down method.

124. A change to heading 8487 from any other heading.

Chapter 85.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 8501.10 from any other heading, except from heading 8503; or

(B) A change to subheading 8501.10 from heading 8503, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided that

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8501.20 through 8501.64 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8502 through 8503 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.23 from any subheading outside subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

2.

3.

4.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.706

Korea

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8504.31 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8504.31 from subheading 8504.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 8504.32 through 8504.50 from any subheading outside subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.20 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to electro-magnetic lifting heads of subheading 8505.90 from any other good of subheading 8505.90 or from any other

subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8505.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheadings 8506.10 through 8506.40 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8506.50 through 8506.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

12. A change to subheading 8506.90 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheadings 8507.20 through 8507.80 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 8507.90 from any other heading.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(i)

35 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

45 percent under the build-down method.

16A. (A) A change to subheading 8508.70 from any other heading.

16B. (A) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(i)

35 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.707

Korea

17. A change to subheading 8509.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from any other subheading.

19. A change to subheading 8510.90 from any other heading.

20. A change to subheadings 8511.10 through 8511.80 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheading 8511.90 from any other heading.

22. A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.20 from any other subheading outside that group.

23.

(A) A change to subheading 8512.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8512.30 from subheading 8512.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

24.

(A) A change to subheading 8512.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8512.40 from subheading 8512.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

25. A change to subheading 8512.90 from any other heading.

26.

(A) A change to subheading 8513.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8513.10 from subheading 8513.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

27. A change to subheading 8513.90 from any other heading.

28. A change to subheadings 8514.10 through 8514.40 from any other subheading.

29. A change to subheading 8514.90 from any other heading.

30. A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

31. A change to subheading 8515.90 from any other heading.

32. A change to subheadings 8516.10 through 8516.50 from any other subheading.

33.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.60 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.708

Korea

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

34. A change to subheading 8516.71 from any other subheading.

35.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.72 from any other subheading, except from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90 or from

subheading 9032.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.72 from housings for toasters of subheadings 8516.90 or from 9032.10, whether or not there is also

a change from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

36. A change to subheading 8516.79 from any other subheading.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.80 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

38.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

39. A change to subheadings 8517.11 through 8517.69 from any other subheading.

39A. (A) A change to subheading 8517.70 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

35 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

45 percent under the build-down method.

40.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

41.

(A) A change to subheading 8518.22 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.709

Korea

(B) A change to subheading 8518.22 from subheadings 8518.29 or 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

42.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

43. A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other heading.

44. A change to subheadings 8519.20 through 8519.89 from any other subheading.

45. A change to subheadings 8521.10 through 8522.90 from any other subheading.

46.

(A) A change to subheadings 8523.21 through 8523.80 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to recorded media of subheadings 8523.21 through 8523.80 from unrecorded media of subheadings 8523.21 through

8523.80.

47. A change to subheading 8525.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8525.60.

48. A change to subheadings 8525.60 through 8525.80 from any other subheading.

49. A change to subheadings 8526.10 through 8527.99 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheading 8528.41 from any other heading, except from heading 8471.

51.

(A) A change to subheading 8528.49 from any other heading, except from heading 8529; or

(B) A change to subheading 8528.49 from subheading 8529.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

40 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

50 percent under the build-down method.

52. A change to subheading 8528.51 from any other heading, except from heading 8471.

53.

(A) A change to subheading 8528.59 from flat panel screen assemblies of subheading 8529.90 containing a digital micromirror device,

or from any other heading, except from subheading 9013.80 or any other good of heading 8529; or

(B) A change to subheading 8528.59 from subheading 8529.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

40 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

50 percent under the build-down method.

54. A change to subheading 8528.61 from any other heading, except from heading 8471.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.710

Korea

55.

(A) A change to subheading 8528.69 from flat panel screen assemblies of subheading 8529.90 containing a digital micromirror device,

or from any other heading, except from subheading 9013.80 or any other good of heading 8529; or

(B) A change to subheading 8528.69 from subheadings 8529.90 or 9013.80, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

40 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

50 percent under the build-down method.

56. A change to subheading 8528.71 from any other heading.

57.

(A) A change to subheading 8528.72 from flat panel screen assemblies of subheading 8529.90 containing a digital micromirror device,

or from any other heading, except from subheading 9013.80 or any other good of heading 8529; or

(B) A change to subheading 8528.72 from subheadings 8529.90 or 9013.80, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(i)

40 percent under the build-up method, or

(ii)

50 percent under the build-down method.

58. A change to subheading 8528.73 from any other heading.

[Previous TCRs 44 through 61 deleted.]

62.

(A) A change to heading 8529 from any other heading; or

(B) For subheading 8529.90, no change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

63. A change to subheadings 8530.10 through 8530.80 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheading 8530.90 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 8531.10 through 8531.80 from any other subheading.

66. A change to subheading 8531.90 from any other heading.

67. A change to subheadings 8532.10 through 8532.30 from any other subheading.

68. A change to subheading 8532.90 from any other heading.

69. A change to subheadings 8533.10 through 8533.40 from any other subheading.

70. A change to subheading 8533.90 from any other heading.

71.

(A) A change to heading 8534 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.711

Korea

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

72. A change to subheadings 8535.10 through 8536.90 from any other subheading.

73. A change to headings 8537 through 8538 from any other heading.

74. A change to subheadings 8539.10 through 8539.49 from any other subheading.

75. A change to subheading 8539.90 from any other heading.

76. A change to subheading 8540.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20 or 8540.91.

77. A change to subheading 8540.12 from any other subheading.

78.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.20 from subheadings 8540.91 through 8540.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

79. A change to subheadings 8540.40 through 8540.60 from any other subheading outside that group.

80. A change to subheadings 8540.71 through 8540.89 from any other subheading.

81. A change to subheading 8540.91 from any other heading.

82.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.99 from any other subheading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

83.

(A) A change to assembled semiconductor devices, integrated circuits or microassemblies of subheadings 8541.10 through 8542.90

from unmounted chips, wafers or dice of subheadings 8541.10 through 8542.90 or from any other subheading;

(B) A change to any other good of subheadings 8541.10 through 8542.90 from any other subheading; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

84. A change to subheading 8543.10 from any other subheading except from ion implanters for doping semiconductor materials of subheading

8486.20.

85. A change to subheading 8543.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8543.11.

86. A change to subheadings 8543.20 through 8543.30 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.712

Korea

87. A change to subheading 8543.70 from any other subheading.

88. A change to subheading 8543.90 from any other heading.

89. A change to subheading 8544.11 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

90. A change to subheading 8544.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

91.

(A) A change to subheading 8544.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 and headings

7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.20 from subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 or from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, whether
or not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

92.

(A) A change to subheadings 8544.30 through 8544.49 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8544.30 through 8544.49 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

[TCR 93 deleted.]

94. A change to subheading 8544.60 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

95. A change to subheading 8544.70 from any other subheading.

96. A change to subheadings 8545.11 through 8545.90 from any other heading.

97. A change to heading 8546 from any other heading.

98. A change to subheadings 8547.10 through 8547.90 from any other subheading.

99. A change to heading 8548 from any other heading.

Chapter 86.

1.

A change to headings 8601 through 8602 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.713

Korea

2.

(A) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from any other heading, except from heading 8607; or

(B) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from any subheading outside that group.

(A) A change to axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles of subheading 8607.19;

(B) A change to wheels, whether or not fitted with axles, of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles or parts of wheels of subheading

8607.19;

(C) A change to subheading 8607.19 from any other subheading; or

(D) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8607.21 through 8607.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8608 through 8609 from any other heading.

Chapter 87.

1. No change in tariff classification to a good of headings 8701 through 8706 is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(B) 55 percent under the build-down method; or

(C) 35 percent under the net cost method.

2.

(A) A change to heading 8707 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method;

(2) 55 percent under the build-down method; or

(3) 35 percent under the net cost method.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.714

Korea

(2) 55 percent under the build-down method; or

(3) 35 percent under the net cost method.

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 40 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8709.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

6.

7.

than:

(1) 40 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 8710 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8711 through 8713 from any other heading, except from headings 8714; or

(B) A change to headings 8711 through 8713 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

(A) A change to subheadings 8714.10 through 8714.96 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8714.10 through 8714.96 from subheading 8714.99, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 40 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheading 8714.99 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 8715 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.715

Korea

Chapter 88.

1.

(A) A change to gliders and hang gliders of heading 8801 from any other good of heading 8801 or from any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 8801 from gliders and hang gliders of heading 8801 or from any other heading.

2.

A change to subheadings 8802.11 through 8803.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 89.

1.

(A) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 8903 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

(B) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

A change to headings 8906 through 8908 from any other heading.

Chapter 90.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other chapter, except from heading 7002; or

(B) A change to subheading 9001.10 from heading 7002, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 9001.20 through 9001.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9002.11 through 9002.90 from any other heading, except from heading 9001; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9002.11 through 9002.90 from heading 9001, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9003.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from subheading 9003.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.716

Korea

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9003.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9004.10 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9004.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 9001.40 or 9001.50.

A change to subheading 9005.10 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 9005.80 from any other subheading, except from headings 9001 through 9002 or subheading 9005.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 9005.80 from subheading 9005.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10. A change to subheading 9005.90 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.69 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.69 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.10 through 9007.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9007.10 through 9007.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.91 through 9007.92 from any other heading; or

(B) For subheading 9007.92, no change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15.

(A) A change to subheading 9008.50 from any other heading, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.717

Korea

(B) A change to subheading 9008.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

16. A change to subheading 9008.90 from any other heading.

[TCRs 17-19 deleted.]

20.

(A) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from subheading 9010.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

21. A change to subheading 9010.90 from any other heading.

22.

(A) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

23. A change to subheading 9011.90 from any other heading.

24.

(A) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9012.10 from subheading 9012.90, whether or not there is also change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

25. A change to subheading 9012.90 from any other heading.

26.

(A) A change to subheading 9013.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9013.10 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

27. A change to subheading 9013.20 from any other subheading.

28.

(A) A change to subheading 9013.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9013.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.718

Korea

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

29. A change to subheading 9013.90 from any other heading.

30.

(A) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

31. A change to subheading 9014.90 from any other heading.

32.

(A) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

33.

(A) A change to subheading 9015.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

34. A change to heading 9016 from any other heading.

35.

(A) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9021.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

36.

(A) A change to subheading 9022.12 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 9022.13 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.719

Korea

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

38.

(A) A change to subheadings 9022.14 through 9022.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

39. A change to heading 9023 from any other heading.

40.

(A) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

41. A change to subheading 9024.90 from any other heading.

42.

(A) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

43. A change to subheading 9025.90 from any other heading.

44. A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.90 from any other subheading.

45.

(A) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

46. A change to subheading 9027.90 from any other heading.

47.

(A) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.720

Korea

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

48. A change to subheading 9028.90 from any other heading.

49.

(A) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

50. A change to subheading 9029.90 from any other heading.

51. A change to subheadings 9030.10 through 9030.20 from any other subheading.

51A. A change to subheading 9030.31 from any other subheading.

51B. A change to subheading 9030.32 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 9030.20, 9030.39 or 9030.84.

51C. A change to subheadings 9030.33 through 9030.82 from any other subheading.

51D. A change to subheading 9030.84 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 9030.20, 9030.32 or 9030.39.

51E. A change to subheading 9030.89 from any other subheading.

52. A change to subheading 9030.90 from any other heading.

53.

(A) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other heading;

(B) A change to coordinate measuring machines of subheading 9031.49 from any other good, except from bases and frames for the

goods of the same subheading; or

(C) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

54. A change to subheading 9031.90 from any other heading.

55.

(A) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

56. A change to subheading 9032.90 from any other heading.

57. A change to heading 9033 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.721

Korea

Chapter 91.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.11 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.11 from headings 9108 through 9114, whether or not there is a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

[TCR 2 deleted.]

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 9101.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9101.19 from headings 9108 through 9114, whether or not there is a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.21 from headings 9108 through 9114, whether or not there is a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.29 from headings 9108 through 9114, whether or not there is a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.99 from headings 9108 through 9114, whether or not there is a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

8.

(A) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.722

Korea

(B) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from headings 9108 through 9114, whether or not there is a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

9.

(A) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from subheading 9111.90, whether or not there is a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

11. A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheading 9112.20 from subheading 9112.90, whether or not there is a change from any other heading, provided that

there is regional value content of not less than:

(A) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 40 percent under the build-down method.

13. A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other heading.

14. A change to headings 9113 through 9114 from any other heading.

Chapter 92.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

A change to heading 9209 from any other heading.

Chapter 93.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.723

Korea

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 9305 from any other heading.

A change to headings 9306 through 9307 from any other chapter.

2.

3.

Chapter 94.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheading 9401.10 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 9401.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9401.20 from subheading 9401.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 9401.30 through 9401.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9402.10 through 9402.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 9403 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9404.10 through 9404.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5309
through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

(A) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99, whether or not there is also a

change from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 9406 from any other chapter.

Chapter 95.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 9503.00 through 9505.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

(A) A change to headings 9506 through 9508 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9506.31 from subheading 9506.39, whether or not there is a change from another headings, provided that

there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.724

Korea

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 96.

1.

2.

A change to headings 9601 through 9605 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 9606.10 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.29 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change to from any

other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

4.

5.

6.

7.

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9606.30 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from subheading 9607.20, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9607.20 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, whether or not there is also a
change from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent under the build-down
method.

8.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.30 through 9608.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.30 through 9608.50 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, whether or not there is also a

change from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99 from any other heading.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 9609.10 through 9609.90 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.725

Korea

(B) A change to subheadings 9609.10 through 9609.90 from subheading 9609.20, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

11. A change to headings 9610 through 9611 from any other heading.

12. A change to subheading 9612.10 from any other chapter.

13. A change to subheading 9612.20 from any other heading.

14.

(A) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from subheading 9613.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15. A change to subheading 9613.90 from any other heading.

16. A change to heading 9614 from any other heading.

[TCR 17 deleted.]

18.

(A) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from subheading 9615.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

19. A change to subheading 9615.90 from any other heading.

20. A change to heading 9616 from any other heading.

21. A change to heading 9617 from any other chapter.

22. A change to heading 9618 from any other heading.

Heading rule: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of textile materials of this heading, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the change of tariff classification
requirements set out in the rule for that good.

23.

(A) A change to goods of textile wadding of heading 9619 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 56; or

(B) A change to a good of textile materials other than wadding of heading 9619 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through
5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is both
cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both; or

(C) A change to any other good of heading 9619 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.726

Colombia

Chapter 97.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 9701.10 through 9701.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 9702 through 9706 from any other heading.

34 United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement are subject to duty as provided

herein. For the purposes of this note, goods of Colombia, subject to subdivisions (b) through (o) of this note, that are imported into
the customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special” subcolumn
of column 1 followed by the symbol “CO” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment, and any applicable quantitative limitations,
set forth in the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 201 and 202 of the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion
Agreement Implementation Act (Pub.L. 112-42; 125 Stat. 462).

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (n) and (o) thereof, a good imported into the customs
territory of the United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good of Colombia or of the United States under the terms of
this note if–

(i)

the good is wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both;

(ii)

the good is produced entirely in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, and--

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification

specified in subdivision (o) of this note; or

(B)

the good otherwise satisfies any applicable regional value-content or other requirements set forth in such subdivision (o);
and

satisfies all other applicable requirements of this note and of applicable regulations; or

(iii)

the good is produced entirely in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, exclusively from materials described
in subdivisions (i) or (ii), above.

For the purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)A), the term “used” means utilized or consumed in the production of the goods.

(c)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, the expression “wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Colombia
or of the United States, or both” means any of the following–

(A) plants and plant products harvested or gathered in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both;

(B)

live animals born and raised in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both;

(C) goods obtained in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, from live animals;

(D) goods obtained from hunting, trapping, fishing or aquaculture conducted in the territory of Colombia or of the United

States, or both;

(E) minerals and other natural resources not included in subdivisions (A) through (D) that are extracted or taken from the

territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both;

(F)

fish, shellfish and other marine life taken from the sea, seabed or subsoil outside the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both, by–

(1) a vessel that is registered or recorded with Colombia and flying the flag of Colombia, or

(2) a vessel that is documented under the laws of the United States;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.727

Colombia

(G) goods produced on board a factory ship from goods referred to in subdivision (F), if such factory ship–

(1)

is registered or recorded with Colombia and flies the flag of Colombia, or

(2)

is a vessel that is documented under the laws of the United States;

(H)

(1) goods taken by Colombia or a person of Colombia from the seabed or beneath the seabed or subsoil outside the
territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, if Colombia has rights to exploit such seabed or subsoil, or

(2) goods taken by the United States or a person of the United States from the seabed or beneath the seabed or subsoil
outside the territory of the United States or of Colombia, or both, if the United States has rights to exploit such seabed
or subsoil, or

(I)

goods taken from outer space, if the goods are obtained by Colombia or the United States or a person of Colombia or
the United States and not processed in the territory of a country other than Colombia or the United States;

(J) waste and scrap derived from–

(1) manufacturing or processing operations in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, or

(2) used goods collected in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, if such goods are fit only for the

recovery of raw materials;

(K)

recovered goods derived in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, from used goods, and used in the
territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, in the production of remanufactured goods; or

(L) goods, at any stage of production, produced in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, exclusively from–

(1) goods referred to in any of subdivisions (A) through (J) above, or

(2)

the derivatives of goods referred to in clause (L)(i).

(ii)

(A) For the purposes of subdivision (i)(K), the term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that are

the result of:

(1)

the disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(2)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing that is necessary for improvement to sound working condition
of such individual parts.

(B) The term “remanufactured good” for purposes of this note means an industrial good assembled in the territory of Colombia
or of the United States, or both, that is classified under chapter 84, 85, 87 or 90 or heading 9402, other than a good
classified under heading 8418 or 8516, and that--

(1)

is entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods, and

(2) has a similar life expectancy and enjoys a factory warranty similar to such a good that is new.

(C) For the purposes of this note–

(1)

the term “material” means a good that is used in the production of another good, including a part or an ingredient;

(2)

the term “material that is self-produced” means an originating material that is produced by a producer of a good and
used in the production of that good; and

(3) a “nonoriginating good or nonoriginating material” is a good or material, as the case may be, that does not qualify

as originating under this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.728

Colombia

(D) For the purposes of this note, the term “production” means growing, mining, harvesting, fishing, raising, trapping, hunting,
manufacturing, processing, assembling or disassembling a good; and the term “producer” means a person who engages
in the production of a good in the territory of Colombia or of the United States.

(iii) Transit and transshipment. A good that has undergone production necessary to qualify as an originating good under this note

shall not be considered to be an originating good if, subsequent to that production, the good--

(A) undergoes further production or any other operation outside the territory of Colombia or of the United States, other than
unloading, reloading or any other operation necessary to preserve the good in good condition or to transport the good to
the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or

(B) does not remain under the control of customs authorities in the territory of a country other than Colombia or the United

States.

(iv) Goods classifiable as goods put up in sets. Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (o) of this note, goods classifiable
under general rule of interpretation 3 of the tariff schedule as goods put up in sets for retail sale shall not be considered to be
originating goods unless--

(A) each of the goods in the set is an originating good, or

(B)

the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does not exceed--

(1)

in the case of textile or apparel goods, 10 percent of the adjusted value of the set, or

(2)

in the case goods, other than textile or apparel goods, 15 percent of the adjusted value of the set.

(d) Textile and apparel articles.

(i)

For purposes of this note, a textile or apparel good provided for in chapters 42, 50 through 63, 66, 70 and 94 of the tariff
schedule is an originating good if:

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification

specified in subdivision (o) of this note as a result of production occurring entirely in the territory of Colombia or of the
United States, or both, or the good otherwise satisfies the applicable requirements of this note where a change in tariff
classification for each nonoriginating material is not required, and

(B)

the good satisfies any other applicable requirements of this note.

The provisions of subdivision (o) of this note shall not apply in determining the country of origin of a textile or apparel good for
nonpreferential purposes.

(ii) Subject to the provisions of subdivision (iii) below, a textile or apparel good that is not an originating good under the terms of
this note because certain fibers or yarns used in the production of the component of the good that determines the tariff
classification of the good do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification, set out in subdivision (o) of this note,
shall nonetheless be considered to be an originating good if--

(A)

the total weight of all such fibers or yarns in that component is not more than 10 percent of the total weight of that
component; or

(B)

the article contains nylon filament yarn (other than elastomeric yarn) that is classifiable in subheading 5402.11.30,
5402.11.60, 5402.19.30, 5402.19.60, 5402.31.30, 5402.31.60, 5402.32.30, 5402.32.60, 5402.45.10, 5402.45.90, 5402.51.00
or 5402.61.0 of the tariff schedule and that is a product of Israel, Canada or Mexico.

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a textile or apparel good provided for in the tariff schedule chapters enumerated in
subdivision (d)(i) of this note and containing elastomeric yarns in the component of the good that determines the tariff classification
of the good shall be considered to be an originating good only if such yarns are wholly formed in the territory of Colombia or
of the United States, or both. For purposes of this subdivision, in the case of a good that is a yarn, fabric or fiber, the term
“component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the good” means all of the fibers in the good.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.729

Colombia

(iii) For purposes of this note--

(A) with respect to a textile or apparel good provided for in the tariff schedule chapters enumerated above, the term “wholly”

means that the good is entirely of the named material, and

(B) when used in reference to elastomeric yarns, the term “wholly formed” means that all production processes and finishing
operations, starting with the extrusion of all filaments, strips, films or sheets, or the spinning of all fibers into yarn, or both,
and ending with a finished yarn or plied yarn took place in the territory of Colombia or of the United States. For purposes
of this note, the term “elastomeric yarns” does not include latex.

(e) De minimis amounts of nonoriginating materials.

(i)

Except as provided in subdivision (ii) below, a good (other than a textile or apparel good described in subdivision (d) above)
that does not undergo a change in tariff classification pursuant to subdivision (o) of this note is an originating good if–

(A)

(1)

the value of all nonoriginating materials that are used in the production of the good and that do not undergo the
applicable change in tariff classification set forth in such subdivision (o) does not exceed 10 percent of the adjusted
value of the good;

(2)

the value of such nonoriginating materials is included in the value of nonoriginating materials for any applicable
regional value-content requirement for the good under this note; and

(3)

the good meets all other applicable requirements of this note; or

(B)

the good meets the requirements set forth in subdivision (e)(ii)(B) of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to–

(A) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4 of the tariff schedule, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing
over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90 that is used in the production of
a good provided for in chapter 4;

(B) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4 of the tariff schedule, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing
over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90, that is used in the production of any of the
following goods:

(1)

infant preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids, the foregoing provided for in subheading
1901.10;

(2) mixes and doughs, containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, the foregoing provided

for in subheading 1901.20;

(3) dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids, the foregoing provided for in subheading

1901.90 or 2106.90;

(4) goods provided for in heading 2105;

(5) beverages containing milk, the foregoing provided for in subheading 2202.90; or

(6) animal feeds containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids, the foregoing provided for in subheading 2309.90;

(C) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0805, or in any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, that is used
in the production of a good provided for in any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, or in fruit or vegetable juice of
any single fruit or vegetable, fortified with minerals or vitamins, concentrated or unconcentrated, provided for in subheading
2106.90 or 2202.90;

(D) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0901 or 2101 that is used in the production of a good provided for in

heading 0901 or 2101;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.730

Colombia

(E) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 15 that is used in the production of a good provided for in any of headings

1501 through 1508, or any of headings 1511 through 1515;

(F) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1701 that is used in the production of a good provided for in any of

headings 1701 through 1703;

(G) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 17 that is used in the production of a good provided for in subheading

1806.10;

(H) except as provided in subdivisions (A) through (G) above and subdivision (o) of this note, a nonoriginating material used

in the production of a good provided for in any of chapters 1 through 24, unless the nonoriginating material is provided
for in a different subheading than the good for which origin is being determined under this note;

(I)

a nonoriginating material that is a textile or apparel good.

(iii) For the purposes of this note, the term “adjusted value” means the value determined in accordance with Articles 1 through 8,
Article 15 and the corresponding interpretive notes of the Agreement on Implementation of Article VII of the General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(8)),
adjusted, if necessary, to exclude any costs, charges or expenses incurred for transportation, insurance and related services
incident to the international shipment of the merchandise from the country of exportation to the place of importation.

(f) Accumulation.

(i)

For purposes of this note, originating materials from the territory of Colombia or the United States that are used in the production
of a good in the territory of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of such other country.

(ii) A good that is produced in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, by one or more producers, is an originating

good if the good satisfies all of the applicable requirements of this note.

(g) Regional value content.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content for a good referred to in subdivision (o) of this
note, except for goods to which subdivision (h) applies, shall be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good,
on the basis of the build-down method described in subdivision (g)(i)(A) or the build-up method described in (g)(i)(B) of this
note.

(A) For the build-down method, the regional value content of a good may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC =

((AV - VNM) / AV) X 100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value
of the good; and VNM is the value of nonoriginating materials that are acquired and used by the producer in the production
of the good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced; or

(B) For the build-up method, the regional value content of a good may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC = (VOM
/ AV) X 100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value of the good;
and VOM is the value of originating materials that are acquired or self-produced, and used by the producer in the production
of the good.

(ii) Value of materials.

(A) For the purpose of calculating the regional value content of a good under subdivision (g)(i) and for purposes of applying

the de minimis provisions of subdivision (e) of this note, the value of a material is:

(1)

in the case of a material that is imported by the producer of the good, the adjusted value of the material;

(2)

in the case of a material acquired in the territory in which the good is produced, the value, determined in accordance
with Articles 1 through 8, Article 15 and the corresponding interpretive notes, of the Agreement on Implementation
of Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay
Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(8)), as set forth in regulations promulgated by the Secretary of the
Treasury providing for the application of such Articles in the absence of an importation by the producer; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.731

Colombia

(3)

in the case of a material that is self-produced, the sum of–

(I)

all expenses incurred in the production of the material, including general expenses, and

(II) an amount for profit equivalent to the profit added in the normal course of trade.

(B) The value of materials may be further adjusted as follows:

(1)

for originating materials, the following expenses, if not included in the value of an originating material calculated
under subdivision (A) above, may be added to the value of the originating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, to the location of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Colombia or of the United

States, or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable,
including credit against duty or tax paid or payable; and

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or byproducts; and

(2)

for non-originating materials, if included the value of a nonoriginating material calculated under subdivision (A) above,
the following expenses may be deducted from the value of the nonoriginating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, to the location of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Colombia or of the United

States, or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable,
including credit against duty or tax paid or payable;

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or by-products; or

(IV) the cost of originating materials used in the production of the nonoriginating material in the territory of Colombia

or of the United States, or both.

(C) All costs considered for the calculation of regional value content shall be recorded and maintained in conformity with the
generally accepted accounting principles applicable in the territory of the country in which the good is produced (whether
Colombia or the United States). The term “generally accepted accounting principles”--

(1) means the recognized consensus or substantial authoritative support given in the territory of Colombia or of the

United States, as the case may be, with respect to the recording of revenues, expenses, costs, assets and liabilities,
the disclosure of information and the preparation of financial statements, and

(2) may encompass broad guidelines for general application as well as detailed standards, practices and procedures.

(h) Automotive goods.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content of an automotive good referred to in subdivision
(o) of this note may be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good on the basis of the following net cost
method, RVC = ((NC - VNM) / NC) X 100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; NC is the net
cost of the automotive good; and VNM is the value of nonoriginating materials that are acquired and used by the producer in
the production of the automotive good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced.

(ii) For purposes of this subdivision, the term “automotive good” means a good provided for in any of subheadings 8407.31 through

8407.34, subheading 8408.20, heading 8409 or any of headings 8701 through 8708.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.732

Colombia

(iii) For purposes of determining the regional value content under subdivision (h)(i) of this note for an automotive good that is a

motor vehicle provided for in any of headings 8701 through 8705, an importer, exporter or producer may average the amounts
calculated under the net cost formula contained in subdivision (h)(i), over the producer’s fiscal year–

(A) with respect to all motor vehicles in any one of the categories described in subdivision (h)(iv), or

(B) with respect to all motor vehicles in any such category that are exported to the territory of Colombia or of the United

States.

(iv) A category is described in this subdivision if it–

(A)

is the same model line of motor vehicles, is in the same class of motor vehicles and is produced in the same plant in the
territory of Colombia or of the United States, as the good described in subdivision (h)(iii) for which regional value content
is being calculated;

(B)

is the same class of motor vehicles, and is produced in the same plant in the territory of Colombia or of the United States,
as the good described in subdivision (h)(iii) for which regional value content is being calculated; or

(C)

is the same model line of motor vehicles produced in the territory of Colombia or of the United States as the good described
in subdivision (h)(iii) for which regional value content is being calculated.

For purposes of this subdivision, the term “model line of motor vehicles” means a group of motor vehicles having the same
platform or model name.

(v) The term “class of motor vehicles” means any one of the following categories of motor vehicles:

(A) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.20, 8704.10, 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32 or 8704.90, or heading 8705 or

8706, or motor vehicles for the transport of 16 or more persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90;

(B) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.10 or any of subheadings 8701.30 through 8701.90;

(C) motor vehicles for the transport of 15 or fewer persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90, or motor vehicles

provided for in subheading 8704.21 or 8704.31; or

(D) motor vehicles provided for in any of subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90.

(vi) For purposes of determining the regional value content under subdivision (h) of this note for automotive materials provided for
in any of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34, in subheading 8408.20 or in heading 8409, 8706, 8707 or 8708, that are
produced in the same plant, an importer, exporter or producer may–

(A) average the amounts calculated under the net cost formula contained in subdivision (h)(i) over–

(1)

the fiscal year of the motor vehicle producer to whom the automotive goods are sold,

(2) any quarter or month, or

(3)

the fiscal year of the producer of such goods,

if the goods were produced during the fiscal year, quarter or month that is the basis for the calculation;

(B) determine the average referred to in subdivision (h)(iii) separately for such goods sold to one or more motor vehicle

producers; or

(C) make a separate determination under subdivision (h)(iii) or (h)(iv) for such goods that are exported to the territory of

Colombia or of the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.733

Colombia

(vii) The importer, exporter or producer of an automotive good shall, consistent with the provisions regarding allocation of costs

provided for in generally accepted accounting principles, determine the net cost of the automotive good under subdivision
subdivision (h)(ii) by–

(A) calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by the producer of the automotive good, subtracting

any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping and packing costs and nonallowable
interest costs that are included in the total cost of all such goods, and then reasonably allocating the resulting net cost
of those goods to the automotive good;

(B) calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by that producer, reasonably allocating the total cost
to the automotive good, and then subtracting any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties,
shipping and packing costs and nonallowable interest costs that are included in the portion of the total cost allocated to
the automotive good; or

(C)

reasonably allocating each cost that forms part of the total cost incurred with respect to the automotive good so that the
aggregate of these costs does not include any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping
and packing costs or nonallowable interest costs.

(viii) For purposes of this subdivision--

(A)

the term “nonallowable interest costs” means interest costs incurred by a producer that exceed 700 basis points above
the applicable official interest rate for comparable maturities of the country in which the producer is located;

(B)

the term “total cost” means all product costs, period costs and other costs for a good incurred in the territory of Colombia
or of the United States, or both; and does not include profits that are earned by the producer, regardless of whether they
are retained by the producer or paid out to other persons as dividends, or taxes paid on those profits, including capital
gains taxes;

(C)

the term product costs” means costs that are associated with the production of a good and include the value of materials,
direct labor costs and direct overhead;

(D)

the term “period costs” means costs, other than product costs, that are expensed in the period in which they are incurred,
such as selling expenses and general and administrative expenses;

(E)

the term “net cost” means total cost minus sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping
and packing costs and nonalllowable interest costs that are included in the total cost; and

(F)

the term “other costs” means all costs recorded on the books of the producer that are not product costs or period costs,
such as interest.

(i)

Accessories, spare parts or tools.

(i)

Subject to subdivisions (ii) and (iii) of this subdivision, accessories, spare parts or tools delivered with a good that form part of
the good's standard accessories, spare parts or tools shall--

(A) be treated as originating goods if the good is an originating good; and

(B) be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo the

applicable change in tariff classification set forth in subdivision (o) of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (i)(i) shall apply only if--

(A)

the accessories, spare parts or tools are classified with and not invoiced separately from the good; and

(B)

the quantities and value of the accessories, spare parts or tools are customary for the good.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.734

Colombia

(iii)

If the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of the accessories, spare parts or tools shall be taken
into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of the
good.

(j)

Fungible goods and materials.

(i)

A person claiming that a fungible good or fungible material is an originating good may base the claim either on the physical
segregation of the fungible good or fungible material or by using an inventory management method with respect to the fungible
good or fungible material. For purposes of this subdivision, the term “inventory management method” means:

(A) averaging,

(B)

“last-in, first-out,”

(C)

“first-in, first out,” or

(D) any other method that is recognized in the generally accepted accounting principles of the country in which the production

is performed (whether Colombia or the United States) or otherwise accepted by that country.

(ii) A person selecting an inventory management method under subdivision (j)(i) above for a particular fungible good or material

shall continue to use that method for that fungible good or material throughout the fiscal year of such person.

(k) Packaging materials and containers.

(i)

Packaging materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail sale, if classified with the good for which the tariff
treatment under the terms of this note is claimed, shall be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials
used in the production of the good undergo the applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note
and, if the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of such packaging materials and containers shall
be taken into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content
of the good.

(ii) Packing materials and containers for shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether a good is an originating good. For
purposes of this subdivision, the term “packing materials and containers for shipment” means goods used to protect another
good during its transportation and does not include the packaging materials and containers in which the other good is packaged
for retail sale.

(l)

Indirect materials.

For purposes of this note, an indirect material shall be treated as an originating material without regard to where it is produced. The
term “indirect material” means a good used in the production, testing or inspection of another good but not physically incorporated
into that other good, or a good used in the maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated with the production
of another good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in production or used to operate equipment or buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the good;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.735

Colombia

(viii) any other good that is not incorporated into the other good but the use of which in the production of the other good can

reasonably be demonstrated to be a part of that production.

(m) Claims for preferential tariff treatment; record-keeping requirements and verification.

(i) Claims for preferential tariff treatment.--An importer may make a claim for the tariff and other treatment provided for under the

terms of this note based on either--

(A) a written or electronic certification by the importer, exporter or producer; or

(B)

the importer’s knowledge that the good is an originating good, including reasonable reliance on information in the importer’s
possession that the good is an originating good;

in such form and manner as may be required in applicable regulations.

(ii) Record-keeping requirements.--An importer of a good, for which entry is claimed under the terms of this note, shall maintain,
for a minimum of five years from the date of importation of the good, all records and supporting documents necessary to
demonstrate that the good qualified for the tariff and other treatment provided for under the terms of this note, in such form
and manner as may be required in applicable regulations. For purposes of this note, the term “records and supporting documents”
includes, with respect to an exported good for which entry is claimed under the terms of this note, records and documents
related to the origin of the good, including--

(A)

the purchase, cost and value of, and payment for, the good;

(B)

the purchase, cost and value of, and payment for, all materials, including indirect materials, used in the production of the
good; and

(C)

the production of the good in the form in which it was exported.

(iii) Verification.--For purposes of determining whether a good imported into the customs territory of the United States from the
territory of Colombia qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, the appropriate customs officer may
conduct a verification as set forth in pertinent regulations.

(n)

Interpretation of rules of origin.

(i) Unless otherwise specified, a rule in subdivision (o) of this note that is set out adjacent and is applicable to a 6-digit subheading
in the tariff schedule shall take precedence over a rule applicable to a 4-digit heading superior thereto and covering the goods
of such subheading. For purposes of this subdivision and subdivision (o) of this note, a tariff provision is a “heading” if its article
description is not indented; a provision is a “subheading” if it is designated by 6 digits under the Harmonized Commodity
Description and Coding System.

(ii) A requirement of a change in tariff classification in subdivision (o) of this note applies only to nonoriginating materials. Where
such a requirement is written to exclude tariff provisions at the level of a chapter, heading or subheading of the tariff schedule,
it shall be construed to mean that the rule requires that materials classified in those excluded provisions must be originating
for the good to qualify as an originating good. When a heading or subheading of the tariff schedule is subject to alternative
specific rules of origin, a good classified in such a provision may be considered originating if it satisfies one of the alternatives.
When a single rule is applicable to a group of headings or subheadings, and that rule specifies a change of heading or
subheading, it shall be understood that the change in heading or subheading may occur within a single heading or subheading
or between headings or subheadings of the group. When, however, a rule refers to a change in heading or subheading “outside
that group,” the change in heading or subheading must occur from a heading or subheading that is outside the group of
headings or subheadings set out in the rule.

(iii) Reference to weight in the rules set forth in subdivision (o) of this note for goods provided for in chapters 1 through 24 of the

tariff schedule means dry weight, unless otherwise specified in the tariff schedule.

(iv) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 6 through 14, inclusive, agricultural and horticultural goods grown in
the territory of Colombia or of the United States shall be treated as originating therein even if grown from seed, bulbs, rootstock,
cuttings, grafts, shoots, buds or other live parts of plants imported from a country other than Colombia or the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.736

Colombia

(v) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 27 through 40, inclusive (except a good of heading 3823), of the tariff
schedule,a good that undergoes a chemical reaction as defined herein shall be treated as an originating good for purposes of
this note, notwithstanding any product-specific rules enumerated in this note, provided all other applicable requirements are
satisfied. A “chemical reaction” is a process (including a biochemical process) which results in a molecule with a new structure
by breaking intramolecular bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial arrangement of atoms
in a molecule. The following are not considered to be chemical reactions for purposes of this note:

(A) dissolving in water or other solvents;

(B)

the elimination of solvents including solvent water; or

(C)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallization.

(vi) A good of heading in chapters 28 through 40 that satisfies one or more of the provisions enumerated in this subdivision shall
be treated as an originating good for purposes of this note, except as otherwise specified in such provisions. Notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, a good is an originating good if it meets the applicable change in tariff classification or satisfies the
applicable value content requirement specified in the rules of origin in subdivision (o) for such chapters.

(A) A good of chapters 28 through 40 that is subject to purification shall be treated as an originating good provided that the

purification occurs in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both and results in the following:

(1)

the elimination of not less than 80 percent of the impurities; or

(2)

the reduction or elimination of impurities resulting in a good suitable:

(I)

as a pharmaceutical, medicinal, cosmetic, veterinary or food grade substance;

(II) as a chemical product or reagent for analytical, diagnostic or laboratory uses;

(III) as an element or component for use in micro-elements;

(IV) for specialized optical uses;

(V)

for non-toxic uses for health and safety;

(VI) for biotechnical use;

(VII) as a carrier used in a separation process; or

(VIII)for nuclear grade uses.

(B) A good of chapters 30, 31 or 33 through 40 (except for heading 3808) shall be treated as an originating good if the

deliberate and proportionally controlled mixing or blending (including dispersing) of materials to conform to predetermined
specifications, resulting in the production of a good having different essential physical or chemical characteristics that
are relevant to the purposes or uses of the good and are different from the input materials, occurs in the territory of
Colombia or of the United States, or both.

(C) A good of chapters 30, 31, 33 or 39 shall be treated as an originating good if the deliberate and controlled modification

in particle size of the good, including micronizing by dissolving a polymer and subsequent precipitation, other than by
merely crushing or pressing, resulting in a good having a defined particle size, defined particle size distribution or defined
surface area, which is relevant to the purposes of the resulting good and having different essential physical or chemical
characteristics from the input materials, occurs in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

(D) A good of chapters 28 through 38 shall be treated as an originating good if the production of standards materials occurs

in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both. For the purposes of this subdivision, “standards materials”
(including standard solutions) are preparations suitable for analytical, calibrating or referencing uses, having precise
degrees of purity or proportions that are certified by the manufacturer.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.737

Colombia

(E) A good of chapters 28 through 39 shall be treated as an originating good if the isolation or separation of isomers from

mixtures of isomers occurs in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

(F) A good of chapters 28 through 38 that undergoes a change from one classification to another in the territory of Colombia

or of the United States, or both, as a result of the separation of one or more materials from a man-made mixture shall
not be treated as an originating good unless the isolated material underwent a chemical reaction in the territory of Colombia
or of the United States, or both.

(vii) With respect to textile and apparel goods imported under heading 9822.08.25, the following provisions shall apply:

(A) A textile good of chapters 50 through 60 of the tariff schedule shall be considered to be an originating good under this

note if it is wholly formed in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, from–

(1) one or more of the fibers and yarns listed in U.S. note 33 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule; or

(2) a combination of any of the fibers and yarns listed in such U.S. note 33 and one or more fibers and yarns that are

originating goods under the terms of this note.

The originating fibers and yarns referred to in subdivision (A)(2) may contain up to 10 percent by weight of fibers or yarns
that do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note. Any elastomeric
yarn contained in such originating yarns referred to in subdivision (A)(2) must be formed in the territory of Colombia or
of the United States, or both.

(B) An apparel good of chapters 61 or 62 of the tariff schedule shall be considered to be an originating good under this note
if it is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States,
or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars and cuffs where applicable, is wholly of–

(1) one or more fabrics listed in U.S. note 33 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule; or

(2) one or more fabrics or knit to shape components formed in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both,

from one or more of the yarns listed in such U.S. note 33; or

(3) any combination of the fabrics referred to in subdivision (B)(1), the fabrics or knit to shape components referred to
in subdivision (B)(2) or one or more fabrics or knit to shape components that are originating goods under the terms
of this note.

The originating fabrics referred to in subdivision (B)(3) may contain up to 10 percent by weigh tof fibers or yarns that do
not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note. Any elastomeric yarn
contained in such originating yarns referred to in subdivision (B)(3) must be formed in the territory of Colombia or of the
United States, or both.

(C) A textile good of chapters 42, 63 or 94 of the tariff shall be considered to be an originating good if it is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, and if the component
that determines the tariff classification of the good is wholly of–

(1) one or more of the fabrics listed in U.S. note 33 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule;

(2) one or more fabrics or knit to shape components formed in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both,

from one or more of the yarns listed in such U.S. note 33; or

(3) any combination of the fabrics referred to in subdivision (C)(1), the fabrics or knit to shape components referred to
in subdivision (C)(2) or one ore more fabrics or knit to shape components that are originating goods under the terms
of this note.

The originating fabrics referred to in subdivision (C)(3) may contain up to 10 percent by weigh of fibers or yarns that do
not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note. Any elastomeric yarn
contained in such originating yarns referred to in subdivision (C)(3) must be formed in the territory of Colombia or of the
United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.738

Colombia

(D) An apparel good of chapters 61 or 62 shall be considered to be an originating good regardless of the origin of any visible
lining fabric described in chapter rule 1 to such chapters in subdivision (o) of this note, narrow fabrics described in chapter
rule 3 to such chapters in such subdivision (o), sewing thread described in chapter rule 4 to such chapters in such
subdivision (o) or pocketing fabric described in chapter rule 5 to such chapters in such subdivision (o), provided that any
such material is identified in U.S. note 33 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule and the good meets all
other applicable requirements for preferential treatment under this note.

(o) Product-specific rules.

Chapter 1.

1.

A change to headings 0101 through 0106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 2.

2.

A change to headings 0201 through 0210 from any other chapter.

Chapter 3.

Chapter rule 1: Fish, crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates shall be deemed originating even if they were cultivated
from nonoriginating fry or larvae. For purposes of this rule, the term “fry” means immature fish at a post-larval stage and includes
fingerlings, parr, smolts and elvers.

1.

A change to headings 0301 through 0308 from any other chapter.

Chapter 4.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 0401 through 0404 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1901.90.

A change to heading 0405 from any other chapter, except from subheadings 1901.90 or 2106.90.

A change to heading 0406 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1901.90.

A change to headings 0407 through 0410 from any other chapter.

Chapter 5.

1.

A change to headings 0501 through 0511 from any other chapter.

Chapter 6.

1.

A change to headings 0601 through 0604 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7.

1.

A change to headings 0701 through 0714 from any other chapter.

Chapter 8.

1.

A change to headings 0801 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Chapter 9.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 0901 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 0902.10 through 0902.40 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 0903 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.739

Colombia

4.

(A) A change to crushed, ground, or powdered spices put up for retail sale of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99 from

spices that are not crushed, ground, or powdered of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99, or from any other subheading;
or

(B) A change to mixtures of spices or any good of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99 other than crushed, ground, or

powdered spices put up for retail sale from any other subheading.

Chapter 10.

1.

A change to headings 1001 through 1008 from any other chapter.

Chapter 11.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 1101 through 1104 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1105.10 through 1105.20 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701.

A change to headings 1106 through 1107 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1108.11 through 1108.12 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1108.13 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701.

A change to subheadings 1108.14 through 1108.20 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1109 from any other chapter.

Chapter 12.

1.

A change to headings 1201 through 1214 from any other chapter.

Chapter 13.

1.

A change to headings 1301 through 1302 from any other chapter.

Chapter 14.

1.

A change to headings 1401 through 1404 from any other chapter.

Chapter 15.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 1501 through 1518 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1520 from any other heading.

A change to headings 1521 through 1522 from any other chapter.

Chapter 16.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 1601 through 1603 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1604.11 through 1604.13 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to tuna loins of subheading 1604.14 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to all other goods of subheading 1604.14 from any other heading, except from headings 0301 through 0304.

4.

A change to subheadings 1604.15 through 1604.32 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.740

Colombia

5.

A change to heading 1605 from any other chapter.

Chapter 17.

1.

2.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1704 from any other heading.

Chapter 18.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1801 through 1802 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 1803 through 1805 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that (1) such goods of subheading 1806.10 containing 90
percent or more by dry weight of sugar do not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17, and (2) such goods of subheading
1806.10 containing less than 90 percent by dry weight of sugar do not contain more than 35 percent by weight of nonoriginating
sugar of chapter 17.

A change to subheading 1806.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 1806.31 through 1806.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 19.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 1901.10 from any other chapter, provided that such goods of subheading 1901.10 containing over
10 percent by weight of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.20 from any other chapter, provided that such goods of subheading 1901.20 containing over
25 percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.90 from any other chapter, provided that goods of subheading 1901.90 containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

4.

A change to headings 1902 through 1905 from any other chapter.

Chapter 20.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 2001 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 2002 through 2003 from any other chapter, except that goods that have been prepared by packing
(including canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be originating only if the
fresh goods were goods wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to heading 2004 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701, and provided that goods that have been prepared
by freezing (including processing incidental to freezing) shall be originating only if the fresh goods were goods wholly obtained
or produced entirely in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to heading 2005 from any other chapter, except that goods that have been prepared by packing (including canning)
in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be originating only if the fresh goods were
goods wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to headings 2006 through 2007 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2008.11 from any other chapter, except from heading 1202.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.741

Colombia

7.

8.

A change to subheading 2008.19 from any other chapter, except that nuts and seeds that have been prepared by roasting,
either dry or in oil (including processing incidental to roasting), shall be originating only if the fresh nuts and seeds were goods
wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 2008.20 through 2008.99 from any other chapter, except that goods that have been prepared by
packing (including canning) in water, brine or natural juices (including processing incidental to packing) shall be originating
only if the fresh goods were goods wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or
both.

9.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

10. A change to subheadings 2009.41 through 2009.89 from any other chapter.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, whether or not there is also a change
from any other chapter, provided that a single juice ingredient, or juice ingredients from a single country other than
Colombia or the United States constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the good.

Chapter 21.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 2101 through 2102 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.20 from any other chapter, provided that tomato ketchup of subheading 2103.20 does not
contain nonoriginating goods from subheading 2002.90.

A change to subheading 2103.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2104 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2105 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent
by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

A change to concentrated juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90 from
any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or subheading 2202.99.

9.

A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals, of subheading 2106.90:

(A)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.99; or

(B)

from any other subheading within chapter 21, heading 2009, or mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.99, whether or not
there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that the juice of a single fruit or vegetable, or juice ingredients
from a single country other than Colombia or the United States constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent
by volume of the good.

10. A change to compound alcoholic preparations of subheading 2106.90 from any other subheading, except from headings 2203

through 2209.

11. A change to sugar syrups of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from chapter 17.

12. A change to goods containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except

from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

13. A change to other goods of heading 2106 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.742

Colombia

Chapter 22.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 2201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.91 from any other chapter.

A change to juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals, of subheading 2202.99, from any other
chapter, except from heading 0805 or 2009 or from juice concentrates of subheading 2106.90;

5.

A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals, of subheading 2202.99:

(A)

from any other chapter, except from heading 08.05 or 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90; or

(B)

from any other subheading within chapter 22, heading 2009, or mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90, whether or not
there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that the juice of a single fruit or vegetable, or juice ingredients
from a single country other than Colombia or the United States, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent
by volume of the good;

6.

A change to beverages containing milk of subheading 2202.99 from any other chapter, except from chapter 4 or from dairy
preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90; or

6A. A change to all other goods of subheading 2202.99 from any other chapter.

7.

A change to headings 2203 through 2208 from any other chapter, except from compound alcoholic preparations of subheading
2106.90.

8.

A change to heading 2209 from any other heading.

Chapter 23.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 2301 through 2308 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2309.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2309.90 from any other heading, except from chapter 4 or subheading 1901.90.

Chapter 24.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 2401 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2402.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2402.20 through 2402.90 from any other chapter or from wrapper tobacco not threshed or similarly
processed of heading 2401 or from homogenized or reconstituted tobacco suitable for use as wrapper tobacco of heading
2403.

(A) A change to homogenized or reconstituted tobacco for use as cigar wrapper of subheading 2403.91 from any other

heading; or

(B) A change to all other goods of heading 2403 from any other chapter.

Chapter 25.

1.

2.

A change to headings 2501 through 2516 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2517.10 through 2517.20 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.743

Colombia

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheading 2517.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 2517.41 through 2517.49 from any other heading.

A change to headings 2518 through 2522 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2523 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 2524 through 2530 from any other heading.

Chapter 26.

1.

A change to headings 2601 through 2621 from any other heading.

Chapter 27

1.

A change to headings 2701 through 2709 from any other heading.

Heading rule: For purposes of heading 2710, the following processes confer origin:

(a) Atmospheric distillation: A separation process in which petroleum oils are converted, in a distillation tower, into fractions

according to boiling point and the vapor then condensed into different liquefied fractions.

(b) Vacuum distillation: Distillation at a pressure below atmospheric but not so low that it would be classed as molecular distillation.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other subheading, provided that the good resulting from such
change is the product of a chemical reaction.

(A) A change to any good of subheading 2710.12 from any other good of subheadings 2710.12 through 2710.99, provided
that the good resulting from such change is the product of a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation or vacuum distillation;
or

(B) A change to subheading 2710.12 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

4.

(A) A change to any good of subheading 2710.19 through 2710.20 from any other good of subheading 2710.12 through

2710.99, provided that the good resulting from such change is the product of a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation
or vacuum distillation; or

(B) A change to Fuel Oil No. 6 of subheading 2710.19 from any other good of subheading 2710.19; or

(C) A change to all other goods of subheading 2710.19 through 2710.20 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

5.

(A) A change to any good of subheadings 2710.91 through 2710.99 from any other good of subheadings 2710.12 through

2710.99, provided that the good resulting from such change is the product of a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation
or vacuum distillation; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2710.91 through 2710.99 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

A change to subheading 2711.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.21.

A change to subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2711.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.11.

A change to subheading 2711.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.21.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to headings 2712 through 2714 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.744

Colombia

11. A change to heading 2715 from any other heading, except from heading 2714 or subheading 2713.20.

12. A change to heading 2716 from any other heading.

Chapter 28.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2801.10 through 2801.30 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2802 through 2803 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2804.10 through 2806.20 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2807 through 2808 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2809.10 through 2809.20 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2810 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2811.11 through 2816.40 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2817 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2818.10 through 2821.20 from any other subheading.

10. A change to headings 2822 through 2823 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheadings 2824.10 through 2837.20 from any other subheading.

12.

[Rule deleted.]

13. A change to subheadings 2839.11 through 2846.90 from any other subheading.

14. A change to heading 2847 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheadings 2849.10 through 2849.90 from any other subheading.

16. A change to headings 2850 through 2853 from any other heading.

Chapter 29.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2901.10 through 2910.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2911 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2912.11 through 2912.60 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2913 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2914.11 through 2918.99 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2919 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2920.11 through 2926.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2927 through 2928 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2929.10 through 2929.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.745

Colombia

10.

(A) A change to ethyl isopropyl thionocarbamates of subheading 2930.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to all other goods of subheading 2930.20 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 2930.30 through 2930.90 from any other subheading.

12. A change to heading 2931 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheadings 2932.11 through 2934.99 from any other subheading.

14. A change to heading 2935 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheadings 2936.21 through 2936.29 from any other subheading.

15A. (A) A change to unmixed provitamins of subheading 2936.90 from any other good of subheading 2936.90 or from any other

subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2936.90 from unmixed provitamins of subheading 2936.90 or from any other

subheading.

15B. A change to subheading 2937.11 through 2939.80 from any other subheading.

16. A change to heading 2940 from any other heading.

17. A change to subheadings 2941.10 through 2941.90 from any other subheading.

18. A change to heading 2942 from any other heading.

Chapter 30.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 3001.20 through 3001.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3002.11 through 3002.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 3002.20 through 3003.39 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3003.41 through 3003.49 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 3003.60 through 3003.90 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to heading 3004 from any other heading, provided that the change in heading does not result exclusively from
packaging for retail sale.

A change to subheadings 3005.10 through 3006.40 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3006.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheadings 3006.60 through 3006.92 from any other subheading.

Chapter 31.

1.

2.

A change to heading 3101 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3102.10 through 3102.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.746

Colombia

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 3103.11 through 3103.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 3103.90 through 3105.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 32.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 3201.10 through 3202.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3203 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3205 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 3206.11 through 3206.50 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3207 through 3212 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 3213 through 3214 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 33.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 3301.12 through 3301.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3302 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

A change to heading 3303 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3304.10 through 3307.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 34.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 3401 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3402.11 through 3402.19 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3402.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 3402.90.

A change to subheading 3402.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3403.11 through 3403.19 from any other subheading, except from headings 2710 or 2712.

A change to subheadings 3403.91 through 3403.99 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3404.20 through 3405.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3406 through 3407 from any other heading.

Chapter 35.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 3501.10 through 3501.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from heading 0407.

A change to subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.747

Colombia

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to headings 3503 through 3504 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 3505.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 3505.20 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3506 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3507.10 through 3507.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 36.

1.

A change to headings 3601 through 3606 from any other heading.

Chapter 37.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 3701 through 3703 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 3704 through 3706 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3707.10 through 3707.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 38.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheadings 3801.10 through 3807.00 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3808.52 through 3808.59 from any other subheading outside that group, provided that not less than
50 percent by weight of the active ingredient or ingredients are originating.

A change to subheadings 3808.61 through 3808.91 from any other subheading outside that group, provided that not less than
50 percent by weight of the active ingredient or ingredients are originating.

A change to subheadings 3808.92 through 3808.99 from any other subheading, provided that not less than 50 percent by
weight of the active ingredient or ingredients are originating.

A change to subheadings 3809.10 through 3824.99 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3825 from any other chapter, except from chapters 28 through 37, 40 or 90.

A change to heading 3826 from any other heading.

Chapter 39

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 3901 through 3915 from any other heading, provided that the originating polymer content is no less than
50 percent by weight of the total polymer content.

A change to subheadings 3916.10 through 3917.31 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3917.32 through 3917.33 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 3917.39 through 3918.90 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading outside that group; or

(B) A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.748

Colombia

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheadings 3920.10 through 3920.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) A change to vulcanized fibre of subheading 3920.79 from any other good of subheading 3920.79 or from any other

subheading; or

(C) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

8.

A change to subheadings 3921.11 through 3921.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3922 through 3926 from any other heading.

Chapter 40.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.30 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

4.

5.

(B) A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

(A) A change to subheadings 4002.11 through 4002.70 from any other heading, except from heading 4001; or

(B) A change to subheadings 4002.11 through 4002.70 from heading 4001 or from any other heading, provided that there is

a regional value content of not less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 4002.80 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 4002.91 through 4002.99 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 4003 through 4004 from any other heading, except from heading 4001; or

(B) A change to headings 4003 through 4004 from heading 4001 or from any other heading, provided that there is a regional

value content of not less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

6.

A change to headings 4005 through 4017 from any other heading.

Chapter 41.

1.

2.

3.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4101 that have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is

reversible from any other good of heading 4101 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4101 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is

reversible from any other good of heading 4102 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4102 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is

reversible from any other good of heading 4103 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4103 from any other chapter.

4.

A change to subheadings 4104.11 through 4104.49 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.749

Colombia

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

(A) A change to heading 4105 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4112; or

(B) A change to heading 4105 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4106 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4113; or

(B) A change to heading 4106 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91.

A change to heading 4107 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 4112 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4105; or

(B) A change to heading 4112 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4113 from any other heading except from hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4106; or

(B) A change to heading 4113 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91.

10. A change to subheadings 4114.10 through 4115.20 from any other subheading.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 4201 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4202.11 from any other chapter.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.12 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, except from
headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15,
5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05,
5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.12 with an outer surface of plastic from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 4202.19 through 4202.21 from any other chapter.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.22 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, except from
headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15,
5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05,
5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.22 with an outer surface of plastic sheeting from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 4202.29 through 4202.31 from any other chapter.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.32 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, except from
headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15,
5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05,
5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

10. A change to goods of subheading 4202.32 with an outer surface of plastic sheeting from any other heading.

11. A change to subheadings 4202.39 through 4202.91 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.750

Colombia

12. A change to goods of subheading 4202.92 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, except from
headings 5407, 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or tariff items 5903.10.15, 5903.10.18, 5903.10.20, 5903.10.25, 5903.20.15,
5903.20.18, 5903.20.20, 5903.20.25, 5903.90.15, 5903.90.18, 5903.90.20, 5903.90.25, 5906.99.20, 5906.99.25, 5907.00.05,
5907.00.15 or 5907.00.60.

13. A change to goods of subheading 4202.92 with an outer surface of plastic sheeting from any heading.

14. A change to subheading 4202.99 from any other chapter.

15. A change to subheadings 4203.10 through 4203.29 from any other chapter.

16. A change to subheadings 4203.30 through 4203.40 from any other heading.

17. A change to headings 4205 through 4206 from any other heading.

Chapter 43.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4301 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4302 through 4304 from any other heading.

Chapter 44.

A change to headings 4401 through 4421 from any other heading.

Chapter 45.

1.

A change to headings 4501 through 4504 from any other heading.

Chapter 46.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4602 from any other heading.

Chapter 47.

1.

A change to headings 4701 through 4707 from any other heading.

Chapter 48.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 4801 through 4807 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4808 through 4811 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4812 through 4817 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 4818.10 through 4818.30 from any other heading, except from heading 4803.

A change to subheadings 4818.50 through 4818.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4819 through 4822 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 4823 from any other heading.

Chapter 49.

1.

A change to headings 4901 through 4911 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.751

Colombia

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Chapter 51.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5404 or headings
5509 through 5510.

Chapter 52.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5402, subheadings
5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5405 or heading 5501 through 5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5404 or headings
5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5309 from any other heading, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

A change to headings 5310 through 5311 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5307 through 5308.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.47.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other
heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through
5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5509 through 5510.

A change to any other tariff item of heading 5407 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings
5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5408 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5401
through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5407 or headings 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

A change to headings 5501 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through
5402 or subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5405.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.752

Colombia

2.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5404 or headings
5509 through 5510.

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 5609 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through
heading 5408 or chapter 55.

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or headings 5508 through
5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 5801.10 through 5806.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or chapter 55.

A change to subheading 5806.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5208 through 5212, 5407 through 5408 or
5512 through 5516.

A change to subheadings 5806.31 through 5811.00 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or chapter 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5306 through
5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or chapter 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408, or
headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or
chapter 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

A change to heading 6001 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52, headings 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading
5408 or chapter 55.

2.

A change to heading 6002 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.753

Colombia

3.

A change to headings 6003 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, chapter 52,
headings 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42
through heading 5408 or chapter 55.

Chapter 61.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified under tariff item 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following headings and subheadings, when used as visible lining material in certain men’s and women’s suits, suit-type
jackets, skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished in the
territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.35 through
6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for
visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 for this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main
body of the garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

Chapter rule 3: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 for this chapter, a good of this chapter containing fabrics of subheading 5806.20 or
heading 6002 shall be considered originating only if such fabrics are both formed from yarn and finished in the territory of Colombia
or of the United States, or both.

Chapter rule 4: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 for this chapter, a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of headings 5204
or 5401 shall be considered originating only if such sewing thread is both formed and finished in the territory of Colombia or of the
United States, or both.

Chapter rule 5: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 for this chapter, if a good of this chapter contains a pocket or pockets, the pocket
bag fabric must be formed and finished in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, from yarn wholly formed in
Colombia or of the United States, or both.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.10 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

2.

A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheadings5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(1)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(2) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

3.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5408,
headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

GN p.754

Colombia

4.

5.

6.

7.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

A change to tariff items 6103.10.70 or 6103.10.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or
both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to any other good of subheading 6103.10 from any other chapter, exceptfrom headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42through heading 5408, headings 5508 through 5516, or 6001 through 6006,provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

[Rule deleted.]

A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6103.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.20, 5403.33 through
5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

8.

A change to subheadings 6103.22 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

9.

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

10. A change to tariff items 6103.39.50 or 6103.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

11. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.755

Colombia

12. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

13. A change to subheading 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

14. A change to tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

15. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

16. A change to subheadings 6104.22 through 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104, or a skirt described

in heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1
for chapter 61.

17. A change to subheadings 6104.31 through 6104.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

18. A change to tariff item 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn
or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

19. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.756

Colombia

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

20. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

21. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

22. A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

23. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

24. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

25. A change to headings 6105 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both,
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

26. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

27. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made

fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must
satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.757

Colombia

28. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

29. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both,
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 62.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified under tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics
identified in the following headings and subheadings, when used as visible lining material in certain men’s and women’s suits,
suit-type jackets, skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be both formed from yarn and finished
in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.35 through
6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good. If the rule requires that the good must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for
visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 for this chapter, such requirement shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main
body of the garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area, and shall not apply to removable linings.

Chapter rule 3: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 for this chapter, a good of this chapter, other than a good of subheading 6212.10,
containing fabrics of heading 6002 or subheading 5806.20 shall be considered originating only if such fabrics are both formed from
yarn and finished in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

Chapter rule 4: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 for this chapter, a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of headings 5204
or 5401 shall be considered originating only if such sewing thread is both formed and finished in the territory of Colombia or of the
United States, or both.

Chapter rule 5: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 for this chapter, if a good of this chapter contains a pocket or pockets, the pocket
bag fabric must be formed and finished in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both, from yarn wholly formed in
Colombia or of the United States, or both.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

2.

3.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.758

Colombia

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.11 through 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307
through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheading 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, or 6001through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembledin the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy therequirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

10.

[(1)] A change to tariff item 6203.19.50 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut
or knit to shape, or both, and sewn orotherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both;or

[(2)] A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter,except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308,5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802,or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembledin the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both, and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.759

Colombia

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy therequirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

11. A change to subheadings 6203.22 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, or 6001through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembledin the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

12. A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.20, 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

13. A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

14. A change to subheadings 6203.31 through 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

15. A change to tariff items 6203.39.50 or 6203.39.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

16. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

17. A change to subheadings 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

18. A change to subheadings 6204.11 through 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.760

Colombia

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

19. A change to tariff items 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

20. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

21. A change to subheadings 6204.21 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204, or a skirt described

in heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1
for chapter 62.

22. A change to subheadings 6204.31 through 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

23. A change to tariff items 6204.39.20 or 6204.39.60 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204

through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

24. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

25. A change to subheadings 6204.41 through 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.761

Colombia

26. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

27. A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

28. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113,
5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39,
5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both; and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

29. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

30. A change to subheadings 6205.20 through 6205.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

31. A change to headings 6206 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit
to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

32. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307

through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading
5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made

fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article must
satisfy the requirements of chapter rule 1 for chapter 62.

34. A change to subheadings 6211.32 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.762

Colombia

35. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

36. A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is
both cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or
both.

37. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through

5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit
to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 63.

Chapter rule 1: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the rule applicable to that good shall
only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy the tariff change
requirements set out in the rule for that good.

Chapter rule 2: Notwithstanding chapter rule 1 for this chapter, a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of headings 5204
or 5401 shall be considered originating only if such sewing thread is wholly formed in the territory of Colombia or of the United
States, or both.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 6301 through 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit
to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.47.10 or 5402.52.10, or any other chapter, except from headings
5106 through 5113, 5204 through 52.12, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33
through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the
United States, or both.

A change to any other tariff item of heading 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204
through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42
through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is
cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to headings 6304 through 6305 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6006 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit
to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to heading 6306 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408, or
headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802, 5903 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape,
or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to headings 6307 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through
5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through
heading 5408, or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit
to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

A change to 6309 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308
or 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408 or
headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both,
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.763

Colombia

8.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through
5308, 5310 through 5311 or 5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39 or 5403.42 through heading 5408, or
headingss 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or
both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 64.

1.

A change to subheading 6401.10 or tariff items 6401.92.90, 6401.99.10, 6401.99.30, 6401.99.60, 6401.99.90, 6402.91.50,
6402.91.80, 6402.91.90, 6402.99.08, 6402.99.16, 6402.99.19, 6402.99.80, 6402.99.90, 6404.11.90, or 6404.19.20 from any
other heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 55 percent under the build-up method.

2.

A change to all other goods of headings 6401 through 6405 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value
content of not less than 20 percent under the build-up method.

3.

A change to subheadings 6406.10 through 6406.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 65.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 6501 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 6502 from any other chapter, except from toquilla straw of subheading 1401.90 and heading 4601.

[Rule deleted.]

A change to heading 6504 from any other heading, except from toquilla straw of subheading 1401.90 and heading 4601, or
headings 6502 through 6507.

A change to headings 6505 through 6506 from any other heading, except from headings 6504 through 6507

A change to heading 6507 from any other heading.

Chapter 66.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6601 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 67.

1.

(A) A change to heading 6701 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to articles of feathers or down of heading 6701 from any other product, including a product in that heading.

2.

A change to headings 6702 through 6704 from any other heading.

Chapter 68.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 6801 through 6811 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 6812.80 through 6812.91 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 6812.92 through 6812.93 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheading 6812.99 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.764

Colombia

5.

6.

A change to headings 6813 through 6814 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 6815.10 through 6815.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 69.

1.

A change to headings 6901 through 6914 from any other chapter.

Chapter 70.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7001 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.20 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7002.31 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7002.32 through 7002.39 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7003 through 7006 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to subheading 7007.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7007.19 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7007.

A change to subheading 7007.21 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 7007.29 from any other heading, except from headings 7003 through 7007.

11. A change to heading 7008 from any other heading.

12.

(A) A change to subheading 7009.10 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

13. A change to subheadings 7009.91 through 7018.90 from any other heading outsidethat group, except from headings 7007

through 7008, or glass inners for vacuumflasks or other vacuum vessels of heading 7020.

14. A change to heading 7019 from any other heading.

15. A change to heading 7020 from any other heading.

Chapter 71.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 7101 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7102 through 7103 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7104 through 7105 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7106 through 7108 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.765

Colombia

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 7109 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7110 through 7111 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7112 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 7113 from any other heading, except from heading 7116; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 55 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 65 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to headings 7114 through 7115 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 7116 from any other heading, except from heading 7113.

11. A change to headings 7117 through 7118 from any other heading.

Chapter 72.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 7201 through 7205 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7206 through 7207 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7208 through 7229 from any other heading.

Chapter 73.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

(A) A change to headings 7301 through 7307 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to a good of subheading 7304.41 having an external diameter of less than 19 mm from subheading 7304.49.

A change to heading 7308 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed on
angles, shapes or sections of heading 7216:

(A) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(B) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(C) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(D) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H- sections or I-sections; provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(E) painting, galvanizing or otherwise coating; or

(F) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching or

cutting, to create an article suitable as a column.

A change to headings 7309 through 7311 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7312 through 7314 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from subheading 7315.19, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.19 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7316 from any other heading, except from headings 7312 or 7315.

GN p.766

Colombia

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to headings 7317 through 7318 from any heading outside that group.

11. A change to headings 7319 through 7320 from any other heading.

12.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.11 from any other subheading, except cooking chambers, whether or not assembled, the
upper panels, whether or not with controls or burners or door assemblies, which includes more than one of the following
components: inside panel, external panel, window or isolation of subheading 7321.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 7321.11 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.89 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15. A change to headings 7322 through 7323 from any heading outside that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.767

Colombia

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 7324.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 7325.10 through 7326.20 from any subheading outside that group.

19. A change to subheading 7326.90 from any other heading, except from heading 7325.

Chapter 74.

1.

A change to headings 7401 through 7403 from any other heading.

2. No change in tariff classification to heading 7404 is required, provided that there is regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to headings 7405 through 7407 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7408 from any other heading, except from heading 7407.

A change to heading 7409 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7410 from any other heading, except from plate, sheet or strip of heading 7409 of a thickness less than
5 mm.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 7411 through 7419 from any other heading.

Chapter 75.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7501 through 7505 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 7506 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to foil, not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness, from any other good of heading 7506, provided that there has been

a reduction in thickness of no less than 50 percent.

3.

A change to subheadings 7507.11 through 7508.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 76.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to heading 7601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7603 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7604 from any other heading, except from headings 7605 through 7606.

A change to heading 7605 from any other heading, except from heading 7604.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.768

Colombia

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 7606.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.12 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

A change to subheading 7606.91 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

10. A change to subheading 7607.11 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 7607.19 through 7607.20 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to headings 7608 through 7609 from any other heading outside that group.

13. A change to headings 7610 through 7615 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheading 7616.10 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheadings 7616.91 through 7616.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 78.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 7801 through 7802 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7804 from any other heading.

(A) A change to lead bars, rods, profiles and wire of heading 7806 from any other good of heading 7806 or any other heading;
or

(B) A change to lead tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 7806from any other good of heading 7806 or any other

heading; or

(C) A change to any other good of heading 7806 from lead bars, rods, profiles,or wire of heading 7806, or from lead tubes,

pipes or tube or pipe fittingsof heading 7806 or any other heading.

Chapter 79.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 7901 through 7902 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7904 through 7905 from any other heading.

(A) A change to zinc tubes, pipes or tube or pipe fittings of heading 7907 from any other good of heading 7907 or any other
heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 7907 from zinc tubes, pipes or tubeor pipe fittings of heading 7907 or any other

heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.769

Colombia

Chapter 80.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 8001 through 8002 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 8003 from any other heading.

(A) A change to tin plates, sheets or strip, of a thickness exceeding 0.2 mm, ofheading 8007 from any other good of heading
8007 or any other heading;or

(B) A change to tin foil, of a thickness not exceeding 0.2 mm, tin powders orflakes of heading 8007 from any other good of
heading 8007, except fromtin plates, sheets or strip, of a thickness exceeding 0.2 mm of heading8007, or any other
heading; or

(C) A change to tin tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings of heading 8007 fromany other good of heading 8007 or any other

heading; or

(D) A change to any other good of heading 8007 from tin plates, sheets orstrip, of thickness exceeding 0.2 mm, tin foil of

thickness not exceeding0.2 mm, tin powders or flakes, tin tubes, pipes or tube or pipe fittings ofheading 8007 or any other
heading.

4.

A change to headings 8006 through 8007 from any other heading.

Chapter 81.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 8101.10 through 8101.94 from any other chapter.

[Rule deleted.]

A change to subheading 8101.96 from any other subheading, except from bars and rods (other than those obtained simply by
sintering), profiles, plates, sheets,strip and foil of subheading 8101.99.

A change to subheading 8101.97 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to bars, rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering), profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading
8101.99 from any other good of subheading 8101.99 or any other subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8101.99 from bars, rods (other than those obtained simply by sintering),

profiles, plates, sheets, strip or foil of subheading 8101.99 or any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 8102.10 through 8102.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8102.95 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8102.96 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8102.95.

A change to subheading 8102.97 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 8102.99 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8103.20 through 8103.30 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheading 8103.90 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheadings 8104.11 through 8104.20 from any other chapter.

14. A change to subheadings 8104.30 through 8104.90 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheadings 8105.20 through 8105.30 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.770

Colombia

16. A change to subheading 8105.90 from any other subheading.

17.

(A) A change to heading 8106 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

18. A change to subheadings 8107.20 through 8107.30 from any other chapter.

19. A change to subheading 8107.90 from any other subheading.

20. A change to subheadings 8108.20 through 8108.30 from any other chapter.

21. A change to subheading 8108.90 from any other subheading.

22. A change to subheadings 8109.20 through 8109.30 from any other chapter.

23. A change to subheading 8109.90 from any other subheading.

24.

(A) A change to headings 8110 through 8111 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such headings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

25. A change to subheadings 8112.12 through 8112.13 from any other chapter.

26. A change to subheading 8112.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

27.

(A) A change to subheadings 8112.21 through 8112.59 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

28.

(A) A change to unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium waste, scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92
from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of unwrought germanium or vanadium, germanium or vanadium
waste, scrap or powders of subheading 8112.92, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.771

Colombia

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.92 from any other chapter.

29.

(A) A change to articles of vanadium or germanium of subheading 8112.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for articles of germanium or vanadium of subheading 8112.99, provided that

there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method; or

(C) A change to other goods of subheading 8112.99 from articles of germanium or vanadium of subheading 8112.99 or from

any other subheading.

30.

(A) A change to heading 8113 from any other chapter, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 82.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 8201 through 8206 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 8207.13 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8207.13 from heading 8209 or subheading 8207.19, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8207.19 through 8207.90 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to headings 8208 through 8215 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8211.91 through 8211.93 from subheading 8211.95, whether or not there is also a change from

another chapter, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 83.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from subheading 8301.60, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.772

Colombia

2.

(A) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8301.60 through 8301.70 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 8302 through 8304 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8305.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8306.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 8306.21 through 8306.30 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8307 from any other heading.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

11. A change to subheading 8308.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to headings 8309 through 8310 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 8311.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 84.

1.

A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.773

Colombia

2.

3.

A change to subheading 8401.40 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.11 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.19 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8403.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8403.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 8404.10 from any other subheading.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 8404.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8404.20 from subheading 8404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.774

Colombia

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 8404.90 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheading 8405.10 from any other subheading.

14. A change to subheading 8405.90 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheading 8406.10 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheadings 8406.81 through 8406.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

17.

(A) A change to subheading 8406.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

18. A change to subheadings 8407.10 through 8407.29 from any other heading.

19.

(A) A change to subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent under the net cost method.

20. A change to subheading 8407.90 from any other heading.

21. A change to subheading 8408.10 from any other heading,

22.

(A) A change to subheading 8408.20 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 35 percent under the net cost method.

23. A change to subheading 8408.90 from any other heading.

24. No change in tariff classification to heading 8409 is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than

35 percent under the net cost method.

25. A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from any other subheading outside that group.

26. A change to subheading 8410.90 from any other heading.

27. A change to subheadings 8411.11 through 8411.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

28. A change to subheading 8411.91 from any other heading.

29.

(A) A change to subheading 8411.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.775

Colombia

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

30. A change to subheadings 8412.10 through 8412.80 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheading 8412.90 from any other heading.

32. A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from any other subheading.

33.

(A) A change to subheadings 8413.91 through 8413.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to subheading 8413.92 is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

34.

(A) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from subheading 8414.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

35.

(A) A change to subheading 8414.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

36. A change to subheadings 8415.10 through 8415.83 from any other subheading.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8415.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to chassis, chassis blades and outer cabinets of subheading 8415.90 from any other good, including a good

in that subheading.

38. A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8416.90 from any other subheading

39. A change to subheadings 8417.10 through 8417.80 from any other subheading.

40. A change to subheading 8417.90 from any other heading.

41. A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.69 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

8418.91.

42. A change to subheadings 8418.91 through 8418.99 from any other heading.

43. A change to subheading 8419.11 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.776

Colombia

44.

(A) A change to subheading 8419.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8419.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

45. A change to subheadings 8419.20 through 8419.89 from any other subheading.

46.

(A) A change to subheading 8419.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

47. A change to subheading 8420.10 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheadings 8420.91 through 8420.99 from any other heading.

49. A change to subheadings 8421.11 through 8421.39 from any other subheading.

50.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.91 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

51.

(A) A change to subheading 8421.99 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

52. A change to subheadings 8422.11 through 8422.40 from any other subheading.

53.

(A) A change to subheading 8422.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

54. A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.89 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.777

Colombia

55. A change to subheading 8423.90 from any other heading.

56. A change to subheadings 8424.10 through 8424.30 from any other subheading.

56A. A change to subheadings 8424.41 through 8424.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

56B. A change to subheadings 8424.89 through 8430.69 from any other subheading.

57.

(A) A change to heading 84.31 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to subheadings 8431.10, 8431.31, 8431.39, 8431.43 or 8431.49 is required, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

58. A change to subheadings 8432.10 through 8432.29 from any other subheading.

58A. A change to subheadings 8432.31 through 8432.39 from any other subheading outside that group.

58B. A change to subheadings 8432.41 through 8432.42 from any other subheading outside that group.

58C. A change to subheading 8432.80 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheading 8432.90 from any other heading.

60. A change to subheadings 8433.11 through 8433.60 from any other subheading.

61. A change to subheading 8433.90 from any other heading.

62. A change to subheadings 8434.10 through 8435.90 from any other subheading.

63. A change to subheadings 8436.10 through 8436.80 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheadings 8436.91 through 8436.99 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 8437.10 through 8437.80 from any other subheading.

66. A change to subheading 8437.90 from any other heading.

67. A change to subheadings 8438.10 through 8438.80 from any other subheading.

68. A change to subheading 8438.90 from any other heading.

69. A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8440.90 from any other subheading.

70. A change to subheadings 8441.10 through 8441.80 from any other subheading.

71.

(A) A change to subheading 8441.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.778

Colombia

72. A change to subheading 8442.30 from any other subheading.

73. A change to subheadings 8442.40 through 8442.50 from any other heading.

74.

(A) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheadings

8443.91 through 8443.99; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39 from subheadings 8443.91 through 8443.99, provided that there is

a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

75.

(A) A change to machines for uses ancillary to printing of subheading 8443.91 from any other good of subheading 8443.91 or
from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.39; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8443.91 from any other heading.

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

76.

(A) A change to subheading 8443.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

77. A change to heading 8444 from any other heading.

78. A change to headings 8445 through 8447 from any other heading outside that group.

79. A change to subheadings 8448.11 through 8448.19 from any other subheading.

80. A change to subheadings 8448.20 through 8448.59 from any other heading.

81. A change to heading 8449 from any other heading.

82. A change to subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20 from any other subheading.

83. A change to subheading 8450.90 from any other heading.

84. A change to subheadings 8451.10 through 8451.80 from any other subheading.

85. A change to subheading 8451.90 from any other heading.

86. A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

87. A change to subheading 8452.30 from any other subheading.

88. A change to subheading 8452.90 from any other heading.

89. A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from any other subheading.

90. A change to subheading 8453.90 from any other heading.

91. A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.779

Colombia

92. A change to subheading 8454.90 from any other heading.

93. A change to subheadings 8455.10 through 8455.90 from any other subheading.

94. A change to headings 8456 through 8463 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 65 percent under the build-down method.

95. A change to headings 8464 through 8465 from any other heading.

96. A change to heading 8466 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

97. A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.89 from any other subheading.

98. A change to subheading 8467.91 from any other heading.

99. A change to subheadings 8467.92 through 8467.99 from any other heading, except from heading 8407.

100. A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from any other subheading.

101. A change to subheading 8468.90 from any other heading.

102. [Rule deleted.]

103. [Rule deleted.]

104. A change to subheadings 8470.10 through 8471.90 from any other subheading.

105. A change to subheadings 8472.10 through 8472.90 from any other subheading.

106. (A) A change to subheadings 8473.21 through 8473.50 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

107. A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

108. (A) A change to subheading 8474.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

109. A change to subheading 8475.10 from any other subheading.

110. A change to subheadings 8475.21 through 8475.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.780

Colombia

111. A change to subheading 8475.90 from any other heading.

112. A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from any other subheading outside that group.

113. A change to subheading 8476.90 from any other heading.

114. (A) A change to heading 8477 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8477.10 through 8477.80 from subheading 8477.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

115. A change to subheading 8478.10 from any other subheading.

116. A change to subheading 8478.90 from any other heading.

117. A change to subheadings 8479.10 through 8479.89 from any other subheading.

118. A change to subheading 8479.90 from any other heading.

119. A change to heading 8480 from any other heading.

120. (A) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8481.10 through 8481.80 from subheading 8481.90 whether or not there is also a change from

another heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

121. A change to subheading 8481.90 from any other heading.

122. (A) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from any subheading outside that group, except from inner or outer

rings or races of subheading 8482.99; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from inner or outer rings or races of subheading 8482.99, whether
or not there is also a change from any subheading outside that group, provided that there is a regional value content of
not less than 40 percent under the build-up method.

123. A change to subheadings 8482.91 through 8482.99 from any other heading.

124. A change to subheading 8483.10 from any other subheading.

125. A change to subheading 8483.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80.

126. (A) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 40 percent under the build-up method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.781

Colombia

127. (A) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through

8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10

through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 40 percent under
the build-up method.

128. A change to subheading 8483.60 from any other subheading.

129. A change to subheading 8483.90 from any other heading.

130. A change to subheadings 8484.10 through 8484.20 from any other subheading.

131. A change to subheading 8484.90 from any other heading.

132. (A) A change to subheadings 8486.10 through 8486.40 from any other subheading outside that group; or [Compiler's note:

format corrected from original to separately designate the next paragraph as (B).]

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

133. (A) A change to subheading 8486.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change of tariff classification is required provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

134. A change to heading 8487 from any other heading.

Chapter 85.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 8501.10 from any other heading, except from stators or rotors of heading 8503; or

(B) A change to subheading 8501.10 from stators or rotors of heading 8503, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

2.

3.

4.

5.

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8501.20 through 8501.64 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8502 through 8503 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.23 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

(A) A change to subheading 8504.31 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8504.31 from subheading 8504.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.782

Colombia

6.

7.

8.

9.

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8504.32 through 8504.50 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.20 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to electro magnetic lifting heads of subheading 8505.90 from any other subheading, or from any other good of
subheading 8505.90; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8505.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheadings 8506.10 through 8506.40 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8506.50 through 8506.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

12. A change to subheading 8506.90 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheadings 8507.20 through 8507.80 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 8507.90 from any other heading.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8508.11 through 8508.60 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change

from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

16A. A change to subheading 8508.70 from any other heading.

16B. (A) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8509.40 through 8509.80 from any other subheading; whether or not there is also a change

from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 8509.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from any other subheading.

19. A change to subheading 8510.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.783

Colombia

20. A change to subheadings 8511.10 through 8511.80 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheading 8511.90 from any other heading.

22. A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.30 from any other subheading outside that group.

23.

(A) A change to subheading 8512.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8512.40 from subheading 8512.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

24. A change to subheading 8512.90 from any other heading.

25.

(A) A change to subheading 8513.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8513.10 from subheading 8513.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

26. A change to subheading 8513.90 from any other heading.

27. A change to subheadings 8514.10 through 8514.40 from any other subheading.

28. A change to subheading 8514.90 from any other heading.

29. A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

30. A change to subheading 8515.90 from any other heading.

31. A change to subheadings 8516.10 through 8516.50 from any other subheading.

32.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.60 from any other subheading, except from furnitures, whether or not assembled, cooking
chambers, whether or not assembled, or the upper panels, whether or not with heating or control elements, of subheading
8516.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.60 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

33. A change to subheading 8516.71 from any other subheading.

34.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.72 from any other subheading, except from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90

or subheading 9032.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.72 from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90 or 9032.10, whether or not there is

also a change from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.784

Colombia

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

35. A change to subheading 8516.79 from any other subheading.

36.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.80 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.90 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

38. A change to subheadings 8517.11 through 8517.69 from any other subheading.

39.

(A) A change to subheading 8517.70 from any other heading, or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

40.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

41.

(A) A change to subheading 8518.22 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8518.22 from subheadings 8518.29 or 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

42.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.785

Colombia

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

43. A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other heading.

44. A change to subheadings 8519.20 through 8519.89 from any other subheading.

45.

(A) A change to subheading 8521.10 through 8523.80 from any other subheading.

(B) A change to recorded media of subheadings 8523.21 through 8523.80 from unrecorded media of subheadings 8523.21

through 8523.80.

46. A change to subheading 8525.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8525.60.

47. A change to subheading 8525.60 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8525.50.

48. A change to subheading 8525.80 from any other subheading.

49. A change to subheadings 8526.10 through 8527.99 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheading 8528.42 from any other subheading.

51.

(A) A change to color video monitors of subheading 8528.49 from any other good of subheading 8528.49 or from any other
subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 8528.49 from any other subheading.

52. A change to subheadings 8528.52 through 8528.71 from any other subheading.

53. A change to subheading 8528.72 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8528.73, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

54. A change to subheading 8528.73 from any other subheading.

55.

(A) A change to heading 8529 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification for subheading 8529.90 is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

56.

[Rule deleted.]

57.

[Rule deleted.]

58.

[Rule deleted.]

59. A change to subheadings 8530.10 through 8530.80 from any other subheading.

60. A change to subheading 8530.90 from any other heading.

61. A change to subheadings 8531.10 through 8531.80 from any other subheading.

62. A change to subheading 8531.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.786

Colombia

63. A change to subheadings 8532.10 through 8532.30 from any other subheading.

64. A change to subheading 8532.90 from any other heading.

65. A change to subheadings 8533.10 through 8533.40 from any other subheading.

66. A change to subheading 8533.90 from any other heading.

67.

(A) A change to heading 8534 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

68. A change to subheadings 8535.10 through 8536.90 from any other subheading.

69. A change to headings 8537 through 8538 from any other heading.

70. A change to subheadings 8539.10 through 8539.49 from any other subheading.

71. A change to subheading 8539.50 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8543.70.

71A. A hange to subheading 8539.90 from any other heading.

72. A change to subheading 8540.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20 or 8540.91.

73. A change to subheading 8540.12 from any other subheading.

74.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.20 from subheadings 8540.91 through 8540.99, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

75. A change to subheadings 8540.40 through 8540.60 from any other subheading outside that group.

76. A change to subheadings 8540.71 through 8540.89 from any other subheading.

77.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.91 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to front panel assemblies of subheading 8540.91 from any other good including a good in that subheading.

78.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.787

Colombia

79.

(A) A change to assembled semiconductor devices, integrated circuits or microassemblies of subheading 8541.10 through
8542.90 from unmounted chips, wafers or dice of subheading 8541.10 through 8542.90 or from any other subheading;
or

(B) A change to all other goods of subheading 8541.10 through 8542.90 from any other subheading; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

80. A change to subheading 8543.10 from any other subheading except from ionimplanters for doping semiconductor materials

of subheading 8486.20.

81. A change to subheadings 8543.20 through 8543.30 from any other subheading.

82. A change to subheading 8543.70 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8539.50.

83. A change to subheading 8543.90 from any other heading.

84. A change to subheading 8544.11 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

85. A change to subheading 8544.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

86.

(A) A change to subheading 8544.20 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8544.11 through 8544.60 or headings

7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.20 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, whether or not there is also a change from

any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

87. A change to subheadings 8544.30 through 8544.49 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value

content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

88.

[Rule deleted.]

89. A change to subheadings 8544.60 through 8544.70 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value

content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.788

Colombia

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

90. A change to subheadings 8545.11 through 8545.90 from any other subheading.

91. A change to heading 8546 from any other heading.

92. A change to subheadings 8547.10 through 8547.90 from any other subheading.

93. A change to heading 8548 from any other heading.

Chapter 86.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 8601 through 8602 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from any other heading, except from heading 8607; or

(B) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from any subheading outside that group.

(A) A change to axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles of subheading 8607.19; or

(B) A change to wheels, whether or not fitted with axles, of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles or parts of wheels of

subheading 8607.19; or

(C) A change to subheading 8607.19 from any other subheading; or

(D) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8607.21 through 8607.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8608 through 8609 from any other heading.

Chapter 87.

1. No change in tariff classification to headings 8701 through 8706 is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than 35 percent under the net cost method.

2.

(A) A change to heading 8707 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 35 percent under the net cost method.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 35 percent

under the net cost method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.789

Colombia

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

5.

6.

7.

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8709.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8710 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 8711 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8711 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

(A) A change to heading 8712 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8712 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to heading 8713 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided that
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10. A change to headings 8714 through 8715 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 88.

1.

(A) A change to gliders and hang gliders of heading 8801 from any other good of heading 8801 or any other heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 8801 from gliders and hang gliders of heading 8801 or any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.790

Colombia

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 8802.11 through 8803.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 8804 through 8805 from any other heading.

Chapter 89.

1.

(A) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 8903 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

(B) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

A change to headings 8906 through 8908 from any other heading.

Chapter 90.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other chapter, except from heading 7002; or

(B) A change to subheading 9001.10 from heading 7002, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 9001.20 through 9001.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9002.11 through 9002.90 from any other heading, except from heading 9001.

(A) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9003.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from subheading 9003.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9003.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other heading, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.791

Colombia

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 9004.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 9001.40 or 9001.50.

A change to subheading 9005.10 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 9005.80 from any subheading, except from headings 9001 through 9002 or subheading 9005.90;

or

(B) A change to subheading 9005.80 from subheading 9005.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10. A change to subheading 9005.90 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.30 through 9006.69 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.30 through 9006.69 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.10 through 9007.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9007.11 through 9007.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 9007.91 from any other heading.

15.

(A) A change to subheading 9007.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

16.

(A) A change to subheading 9008.50 from any other heading, or

(B) A change to subheading 9008.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.792

Colombia

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 9008.90 from any other heading.

18.

[Rule deleted.]

19.

[Rule deleted.]

20.

[Rule deleted.]

21.

[Rule deleted.]

22.

[Rule deleted.]

23.

(A) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

24. A change to subheading 9010.90 from any other heading.

25.

(A) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

26. A change to subheading 9011.90 from any other heading.

27.

(A) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

28. A change to subheading 9012.90 from any other heading.

29.

(A) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

30. A change to subheading 9013.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.793

Colombia

31.

(A) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

32. A change to subheading 9014.90 from any other heading.

33.

(A) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

34.

(A) A change to subheading 9015.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

35. A change to heading 9016 from any other heading.

36.

(A) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9022.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

37. A change to heading 9023 from any other heading.

38.

(A) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

39. A change to subheading 9024.90 from any other heading.

40.

(A) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other heading or

(B) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.794

Colombia

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

41. A change to subheading 9025.90 from any other heading.

42.

(A) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

43. A change to subheading 9026.90 from any other heading.

44.

(A) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

45. A change to subheading 9027.90 from any other heading.

46.

(A) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

47. A change to subheading 9028.90 from any other heading.

48.

(A) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

49. A change to subheading 9029.90 from any other heading.

50. A change to subheadings 9030.10 through 9030.89 from any other subheading.

51. A change to subheading 9030.90 from any other heading.

52.

(A) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other heading;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.795

Colombia

(B) A change to coordinate measuring machines of subheading 9031.49 from any other good, except from bases and frames

for the goods of the same subheading; or

(C) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

53. A change to subheading 9031.90 from any other heading.

54.

(A) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

55. A change to subheading 9032.90 from any other heading.

56. A change to heading 9033 from any other heading.

Chapter 91.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.11 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.11 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

[Rule deleted.]

(A) A change to subheading 9101.19 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

(B) A change to subheading 9101.19 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.29 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.796

Colombia

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.99 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

(A) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from heading 9114, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

(A) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

(A) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from subheading 9111.90 or any other heading, provided that there

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10.

(A) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

11. A change to subheading 9112.20 from subheading 9112.90 or any other heading, provided that there is regional value content

of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.797

Colombia

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12.

(A) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

13. A change to heading 9113 from any other chapter; or

14. A change to heading 9113 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15. A change to heading 9114 from any other heading.

Chapter 92.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

A change to heading 9209 from any other heading.

Chapter 93.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 9305 from any other heading.

A change to headings 9306 through 9307 from any other chapter.

2.

3.

Chapter 94.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9401.10 through 9401.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9401.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9402.10 through 9402.90 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 9403 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9404.10 through 9404.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5106 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

(A) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99, whether or not there is

also a change from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99 from any other heading.

A change to heading 9406 from any other chapter.

GN p.798

Colombia

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

Chapter 95.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 9503.00 through 9505.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

(A) A change to headings 9506 through 9508 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9506.31 from subheading 9506.39, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method; or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 96.

1.

2.

A change to headings 9601 through 9605 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 9606.10 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.799

Colombia

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.22 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.22 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 9606.29 from any other chapter, except from “tagua” of subheading 1404.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 9606.29, except from button moulds and button blanks of “tagua” of subheading 9606.30 and
“tagua” of subheading 1404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that there is a
regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to subheading 9606.30 from any other heading, except from “tagua” of subheading 1404.90.

(A) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from subheading 9607.20, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9607.20 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

9.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.30 through 9608.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.30 through 9608.50 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, provided that there is

a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10. A change to subheading 9608.60 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheading 9608.91 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.800

Colombia

12. A change to subheading 9608.99 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 9609.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9609.10 from subheading 9609.20 or any other heading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to subheadings 9609.20 through 9609.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9609.20 through 9609.90 from subheading 9609.20 or any other heading, provided that there

is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15. A change to headings 9610 through 9611 from any other heading.

16. A change to subheading 9612.10 from any other chapter.

17. A change to subheading 9612.20 from any other heading.

18.

(A) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from subheading 9613.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

19. A change to subheading 9613.90 from any other heading.

20. A change to heading 9614 from any other heading

21.

[Rule deleted.]

22.

(A) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from subheading 9615.90, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

23. A change to subheading 9615.90 from any other heading.

24. A change to heading 9616 from any other heading.

25. A change to heading 9617 from any other chapter.

26. A change to heading 9618 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.801

Panama

Heading Rule 1: For the purposes of determining the origin of a good of tariff item 9619.00.31, 9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46,
9619.00.61, 9619.00.64, 9619.00.68, 9619.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79, or 9619.00.90,
the rule applicable to that good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such
component must satisfy the change of tariff classification requirements set out in the rule for that good.

Heading Rule 2: Notwithstanding Heading Rule 1, a good of tariff item 9619.00.31,9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46, 9619.00.61,
9619.00.64, 9619.00.68, 9619.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79, or 9619.00.90 containing
fabrics of subheading 5806.20 or heading 6002 shall be considered originating only if such fabrics are both formed from yarn and
finished in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

Heading Rule 3: Notwithstanding Heading Rule 1, a good of tariff item 9619.00.31,9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46, 9619.00.61,
9619.00.64, 9619.00.68, 9619.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79, or 9619.00.90 containing
sewing thread of heading 5204 or 5401 shall be considered originating only if such sewing thread is both formed and finished in
the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both.

27.

(A) A change to sanitary towels (pads) and tampons and similar articles of textile wadding of heading 9619 from any other
chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311, 5401 through
5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5408, or chapter 55; or

(B) A change to tariff items 9619.00.31, 9619.00.41, 9619.00.43, 9619.00.46, 9619.00.61, 9619.00.64, or 9619.00.68, from
any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311,
5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5408, headings 5508 through 5516,
or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the
territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both; or

(C) A change to a tariff items 9619.00.33, 9619.00.48, 9619.00.71, 9619.00.74, 9619.00.78, 9619.00.79, or 9619.00.90, from
any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5307 through 5308, 5310 through 5311,
5401 through 5402, subheadings 5403.33 through 5403.39, 5403.42 through heading 5408, or headings 5508 through
5516, 5801 through 5802, or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or
otherwise assembled the territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both; or

(D) A change to any other good of heading 9619 from any other heading.

28.

(A) A change to monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles of iron or steel of heading 9620 from any other heading, except
heading 7325; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 9620 from any other heading.

Chapter 97.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 9701.10 through 9701.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 9702 through 9706 from any other heading.

35. United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement are subject to duty as provided herein.
For the purposes of this note, goods of Panama, subject to subdivisions (b) through (o) of this note, that are imported into the
customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special” subcolumn of
column 1 followed by the symbol “PA” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment, and any applicable quantitative limitations,
set forth in the “Special” subcolumn, in accordance with sections 201 and 202 of the United States-Panama Trade Promotion
Agreement Implementation Act (Pub.L. 112-43; 125 Stat. 497).

(b) For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (n) and (o) thereof, a good imported into the customs

territory of the United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good of Panama or of the United States under the terms of
this note if–

(i)

the good is wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.802

Panama

(ii)

the good is produced entirely in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, and--

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification

specified in subdivision (o) of this note; or

(B)

the good otherwise satisfies any applicable regional value-content or other requirements set forth in such subdivision (o);
and

satisfies all other applicable requirements of this note and of applicable regulations; or

(iii)

the good is produced entirely in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, exclusively from materials described
in subdivisions (i) or (ii), above.

(c)

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(i) of this note, except as otherwise provided in subdivision (d) of this note for textile and apparel
articles, the expression “wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both” means
any of the following–

(A) plants and plant products harvested or gathered in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both;

(B)

live animals born and raised in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both;

(C) goods obtained in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, from live animals;

(D) goods obtained from hunting, trapping, fishing or aquaculture conducted in the territory of Panama or of the United States,

or both;

(E) minerals and other natural resources not included in subdivisions (A) through (D) that are extracted or taken from the

territory of Panama or of the United States, or both;

(F)

fish, shellfish and other marine life taken from the sea, seabed or subsoil outside the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, by–

(i)

a vessel that is registered or recorded with Panama and flying the flag of Panama, or

(ii)

a vessel that is documented under the laws of the United States;

(G) goods produced on board a factory ship from goods referred to in subdivision (F), if such factory ship–

(i)

is registered or recorded with Panama and flies the flag of Panama, or

(ii)

is a vessel that is documented under the laws of the United States;

(H)

(i)

goods taken by Panama or a person of Panama from the seabed or beneath the seabed or subsoil outside the
territory of Panama, if Panama has rights to exploit such seabed or subsoil, or

(ii)

goods taken by the United States or a person of the United States from the seabed or beneath the seabed or subsoil
outside the territory of the United States, if the United States has rights to exploit such seabed or subsoil;

(I)

goods taken from outer space, if the goods are obtained by Panama or the United States or a person of Panama or the
United States and not processed in the territory of a country other than Panama or the United States;

(J) waste and scrap derived from–

(1) manufacturing or processing operations in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, or

(2) used goods collected in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, if such goods are fit only for the

recovery of raw materials;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.803

Panama

(K)

recovered goods derived in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, from used goods, and used in the
territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, in the production of remanufactured goods; or

(L) goods, at any stage of production, produced in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, exclusively from–

(i)

goods referred to in any of subdivisions (A) through (J) above, or

(ii)

the derivatives of goods referred to in clause (L)(i).

(ii)

(A) For the purposes of subdivision (i)(K), the term “recovered goods” means materials in the form of individual parts that are

the result of--

(1)

the disassembly of used goods into individual parts; and

(2)

the cleaning, inspecting, testing or other processing that is necessary for improvement to sound working condition
of such individual parts.

(B) The term “remanufactured good” for purposes of this note means a good that is classified under chapter 84, 85, 87 or 90

or heading 9402, other than a good classified under heading 8418 or 8516, and that--

(1)

is entirely or partially comprised of recovered goods, and

(2) has a similar life expectancy and enjoys a factory warranty similar to such a good that is new.

(C) For the purposes of this note–

(1)

(2)

the term “material” means a good that is used in the production of another good, including a part or an ingredient,
and the term “used” means utilized or consumed in the production of goods;

the term “material that is self-produced” means an originating material that is produced by a producer of a good and
used in the production of that good; and

(3) a “nonoriginating good or nonoriginating material” is a good or material, as the case may be, that does not qualify

as originating under this note.

(D) For the purposes of this note, the term “production” means growing, mining, harvesting, fishing, raising, trapping, hunting,
manufacturing, processing, assembling or disassembling a good; and the term “producer” means a person who engages
in the production of a good in the territory of Panama or of the United States.

(iii) Transit and transshipment. A good that has undergone production necessary to qualify as an originating good under this note

shall not be considered to be an originating good if, subsequent to that production, the good--

(A) undergoes further production or any other operation outside the territory of Panama or of the United States other than

unloading, reloading or any other operation necessary to preserve the good in good condition or to transport the good to
the territory of Panama or of the United States, or

(B) does not remain under the control of customs authorities in the territory of a country other than Panama or the United

States.

(d) Textile and apparel articles.

(i)

For purposes of this note, a textile or apparel good provided for in chapters 42, 50 through 63, 70 and 94 of the tariff schedule
is an originating good if:

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification
specified in subdivision (o) of this note as a result of production operations occurring entirely in the territory of Panama
or of the United States, or both, or the good otherwise satisfies the applicable requirements of this note where a change
in tariff classification is not required, and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.804

Panama

(B)

the good satisfies any other applicable requirements of this note.

The provisions of subdivision (o) of this note shall not apply in determining the country of origin of a textile or apparel good for
nonpreferential purposes.

(ii) Subject to the provisions of subdivision (d)(v) below, a textile or apparel good that is not an originating good under the terms
of this note because certain fibers or yarns used in the production of the component of the good that determines the tariff
classification of the good do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification, set out in subdivision (o) of this note,
shall nonetheless be considered to be an originating good if--

(A)

the total weight of all such fibers or yarns in that component is not more than 10 percent of the total weight of that
component; or

(B)

the good contains nylon filament yarn (other than elastomeric yarn) that is classifiable under subheading 5402.11.30,
5402.11.60, 5402.19.30, 5402.19.60, 5402.31.30, 5402.31.60, 5402.32.30, 5402.32.60, 5402.45.10, 5402.45.90, 5402.51.00
or 5402.61.00 of the tariff schedule and that is a product of Israel, Canada or Mexico.

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a textile or apparel good provided for in the tariff schedule chapters enumerated in
subdivision (d)(i) and containing elastomeric yarns in the component of the good that determines the tariff classification of the
good shall be considered to be an originating good only if such yarns are wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama
or of the United States, or both. For purposes of this note, the term “elastomeric yarns” does not include latex.

(iii) For purposes of this subdivision, in the case of a good that is a fabric, yarn or fiber, the term “component of the good that

determines the tariff classification of the good” means all of the fibers in the good.

(iv) Notwithstanding the rules set forth in subdivision (o) of this note, textile or apparel goods classifiable as goods put up in sets
for retail sale under general rule of interpretation 3 of the tariff schedule shall not be considered to be originating goods unless
(A) each of the goods in the set is an originating good; or (B) the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does not
exceed 10 percent of the adjusted value of the set.

(v) For purposes of this note–

(A)

the expression “wholly formed and finished” means:

(1) when used in reference to fabrics, all production processes and finishing operations necessary to produce a finished

fabric ready for use without further processing, and such processes and operations include formation processes,
such as weaving, knitting, needling, tufting, felting, entangling or other such processes, and finishing operations,
including bleaching, dyeing and printing; and

(2) when used in reference to yarns, all production processes and finishing operations, beginning with the extrusion of
filaments, strips, film or sheet, and including drawing to fully orient a filament or slitting a film or sheet into strip, or
the spinning of all fibers into yarn, or both, and ending with a finished yarn or plied yarn.

(B) with respect to a textile or apparel good provided for in the tariff schedule chapters enumerated above, the term “wholly”

means that the good is entirely of the named material.

(vi) Textile or apparel goods of Panama provided for in chapters 61 through 63 or subheading 9404.90 of the tariff schedule that
are not originating goods under the terms of this note shall be eligible for the duty treatment set forth in heading 9822.09.61
under the terms of the U.S. note applicable thereto.

(e) De minimis.

(i)

Except as provided herein and in subdivision (ii) below, a good (other than a textile or apparel good described in subdivision
(d) above) that does not undergo a change in tariff classification pursuant to subdivision (o) of this note is an originating good
if–

(A)

the value of all nonoriginating materials that are used in the production of the good and that do not undergo the applicable
change in tariff classification set forth in subdivision (o) of this note does not exceed 10 percent of the adjusted value of
the good;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.805

Panama

(B)

the value of such nonoriginating materials is included in the value of nonoriginating materials for any applicable regional
value-content requirement for the good under this note; and

(C)

the good meets all other applicable requirements of this note.

Notwithstanding subdivisions (i)(A) through (C) above and the rules set forth in subdivision (o) of this note, goods (other than
textile or apparel goods) classifiable as goods put up in sets for retail sale under general rule of interpretation 3 of the tariff
schedule shall not be considered to be originating goods unless (1) each of the goods in the set is an originating good; or (2)
the total value of the nonoriginating goods in the set does not exceed 15 percent of the adjusted value of the set.

(ii) Subdivision (e)(i) does not apply to–

(A) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by
weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90, that is used in the production of a good provided
for in chapter 4;

(B) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 4, or a nonoriginating dairy preparation containing over 10 percent by

weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90, that is used in the production of any of the following goods:

(1)

infant preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.10;

(2) mixes and doughs, containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, provided for in

subheading 1901.20;

(3) dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 1901.90 or 2106.90;

(4) goods provided for in heading 2105;

(5) beverages containing milk provided for in subheading 2202.90; or

(6) animal feeds containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids provided for in subheading 2309.90;

(C) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0805, or any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, that is used in
the production of a good provided for in any of subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39, or in fruit or vegetable juice of any
single fruit or vegetable, fortified with minerals or vitamins, concentrated or unconcentrated, provided for in subheading
2106.90 or 2202.90;

(D) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 0901 or 2101 that is used in the production of a good provided for in

heading 0901 or 2101;

(E) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1006 that is used in the production of a good provided for in heading

1102 or 1103 or subheading 1904.90;

(F) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 15 that is used in the production of a good provided for in chapter 15;

(G) a nonoriginating material provided for in heading 1701 that is used in the production of a good provided for in any of

headings 1701 through 1703;

(H) a nonoriginating material provided for in chapter 17 that is used in the production of a good provided for in subheading

1806.10;

(I)

except as provided in subdivisions (A) through (H) above and subdivision (o) of this note, a nonoriginating material used
in the production of a good provided for in any of chapters 1 through 24, unless the nonoriginating material is provided
for in a different subheading than the good for which origin is being determined under this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.806

Panama

(iii) For the purposes of this note, the term “adjusted value” means the value determined in accordance with articles 1 through 8,
article 15 and the corresponding interpretive notes of the Agreement on Implementation of Article VII of the General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(8)), adjusted,
if necessary, to exclude any costs, charges or expenses incurred for transportation, insurance and related services incident
to the international shipment of the merchandise from the country of exportation to the place of importation.

(f) Accumulation.

(i)

For purposes of this note, originating materials from the territory of Panama or the United States that are used in the production
of a good in the territory of the other country shall be considered to originate in the territory of such other country.

(ii) A good that is produced in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, by one or more producers, is an originating

good if the good satisfies all of the applicable requirements of this note.

(g) Regional value content.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content of a good referred to in subdivision (o) of this note,
except for goods to which subdivision (h) applies, shall be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good, on the
basis of the build-down method described in subdivision (g)(i)(A) or the build-up method described in (g)(i)(B) below.

(A) For the build-down method, the regional value content of a good may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC =
((AV - VNM)/AV) x 100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value
of the good; and VNM is the value of nonoriginating materials that are acquired and used by the producer in the production
of the good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced; or

(B) For the build-up method, the regional value content may be calculated on the basis of the formula RVC = (VOM/AV) x
100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; AV is the adjusted value of the good; and
VOM is the value of originating materials that are acquired or self-produced, and used by the producer in the production
of the good.

(ii) Value of materials.

(A) For the purpose of calculating the regional value content of a good under subdivision (g)(i) and for purposes of applying

the de minimis provisions of subdivision (e) of this note, the value of a material is:

(1)

in the case of a material that is imported by the producer of the good, the adjusted value of the material;

(2)

in the case of a material acquired in the territory in which the good is produced, the value, determined in accordance
with Articles 1 through 8, Article 15 and the corresponding interpretive notes, of the Agreement on Implementation
of Article VII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(8) of the Uruguay
Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(8)), as set forth in regulations promulgated by the Secretary of the
Treasury providing for the application of such Articles in the absence of an importation by the producer; or

(3)

in the case of a material that is self-produced, the sum of–

(i)

all expenses incurred in the production of the material, including general expenses, and

(ii)

an amount for profit equivalent to the profit added in the normal course of trade.

(B) The value of materials may be further adjusted as follows:

(1)

for originating materials, the following expenses, if not included in the value of an originating material calculated
under subdivision (A) above, may be added to the value of the originating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, to the location of the producer;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.807

Panama

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Panama or of the United States,
or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including
credit against duty or tax paid or payable; and

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or byproducts; and

(2)

for non-originating materials, if included in the value of a nonoriginating material calculated under subdivision (A)
above, the following expenses may be deducted from the value of the nonoriginating material:

(I)

the costs of freight, insurance, packing and all other costs incurred in transporting the material within or between
the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, to the location of the producer;

(II) duties, taxes and customs brokerage fees on the material paid in the territory of Panama or of the United States,
or both, other than duties and taxes that are waived, refunded, refundable or otherwise recoverable, including
credit against duty or tax paid or payable;

(III)

the cost of waste and spoilage resulting from the use of the material in the production of the good, less the
value of renewable scrap or by-products; or

(IV) the cost of originating materials used in the production of the nonoriginating material in the territory of Panama

or of the United States, or both.

(C) All costs considered for the calculation of regional value content shall be recorded and maintained in conformity with the
generally accepted accounting principles applicable in the territory of the country in which the good is produced (whether
Panama or the United States). The term “generally accepted accounting principles”--

(i) means the recognized consensus or substantial authoritative support given in the territory of Panama or of the United

States, as the case may be, with respect to the recording of revenues, expenses, costs, assets and liabilities, the
disclosure of information and the preparation of financial statements, and

(ii) may encompass broad guidelines for general application as well as detailed standards, practices and procedures.

(h) Automotive goods.

(i)

For purposes of subdivision (b)(ii)(B) of this note, the regional value content of an automotive good referred to in subdivision
(o) of this note may be calculated by the importer, exporter or producer of the good on the basis of the build-down method
described in subdivision (g)(i)(A) of this note, the build-up method described in subdivision (g)(i)(B) of this note or the following
net cost method, RVC = ((NC - VNM)/NC) X 100, where RVC is the regional value content, expressed as a percentage; NC
is the net cost of the good; and VNM is the value of nonoriginating materials acquired and used by the producer in the production
of the automotive good, but does not include the value of a material that is self-produced.

(ii) For purposes of this subdivision, the term “automotive good” means a good classified under in any of subheadings 8407.31

through 8407.34 (engines) or 8408.20 (diesel engines for vehicles) and headings 8409 (parts of engines), 8701 through 8705
(motor vehicles), 8706 (chassis), 8707 (bodies) and 8708 (motor vehicle parts).

(iii) For purposes of determining the regional value content under subdivision (h)(i) of this note for an automotive good that is a

motor vehicle provided for in any of headings 8701 through 8705, an importer, exporter or producer may average the amounts
calculated under the net cost formula contained in subdivision (h)(i), over the producer’s fiscal year–

(A) with respect to all motor vehicles in any one of the categories described in subdivision (h)(iv), or

(B) with respect to all motor vehicles in any such category that are exported to the territory of Panama or of the United States.

(iv) A category is described in this subdivision if it–

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.808

Panama

(A)

is the same model line of motor vehicles, is in the same class of motor vehicles and is produced in the same plant in the
territory of Panama or of the United States, as the good described in subdivision (h)(iii) for which regional value content
is being calculated;

(B)

is the same class of motor vehicles, and is produced in the same plant in the territory of Panama or of the United States,
as the good described in subdivision (h)(iii) for which regional value content is being calculated; or

(C)

is the same model line of motor vehicles produced in the territory of Panama or of the United States as the good described
in subdivision (h)(iii) for which regional value content is being calculated.

For purposes of this note, the term “model line of motor vehicles” means a group of motor vehicles having the same platform
or model name.

(v) The term “class of motor vehicles” means any one of the following categories of motor vehicles:

(A) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.20, 8704.10, 8704.22, 8704.23, 8704.32 or 8704.90, or heading 8705 or

8706, or motor vehicles for the transport of 16 or more persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90;

(B) motor vehicles provided for in subheading 8701.10 or any of subheadings 8701.30 through 8701.90;

(C) motor vehicles for the transport of 15 or fewer persons provided for in subheading 8702.10 or 8702.90, or motor vehicles

provided for in subheading 8704.21 or 8704.31; or

(D) motor vehicles provided for in any of subheadings 8703.21 through 8703.90.

(vi) For purposes of determining the regional value content under subdivision (g) of this note for automotive materials provided for
in any of subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34, in subheading 8408.20 or in heading 8409, 8706, 8707 or 8708, that are
produced in the same plant, an importer, exporter or producer may–

(A) average the amounts calculated under the net cost formula contained in subdivision (h)(i) over–

(1)

the fiscal year of the motor vehicle producer to whom the automotive goods are sold,

(2) any quarter or month, or

(3)

the fiscal year of the producer of such goods,

if the goods were produced during the fiscal year, quarter or month that is the basis for the calculation;

(B) determine the average referred to in subdivision (vi)(A) separately for such goods sold to one or more motor vehicle

producers; or

(C) make a separate determination under subdivision (vi)(A) or (vi)(B) for such goods that are exported to the territory of

Panama or of the United States.

The term “automotive materials” refers to such goods classified in the following provisions: subheadings 8407.31 through
8407.34 (engines) or 8708.20 (diesel engines for vehicles) and headings 8409 (parts of engines), 8706 (chassis), 8707 (bodies)
and 8708 (motor vehicle parts).

(vii) The importer, exporter or producer of an automotive good shall, consistent with the provisions regarding allocation of costs

provided for in generally accepted accounting principles, determine the net cost of the automotive good under subdivision
(h)(ii) by–

(A) calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by the producer of the automotive good, subtracting

any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping and packing costs and nonallowable
interest costs that are included in the total cost of all such goods, and then reasonably allocating the resulting net cost
of those goods to the automotive good;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.809

Panama

(B) calculating the total cost incurred with respect to all goods produced by that producer, reasonably allocating the total cost
to the automotive good, and then subtracting any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties,
shipping and packing costs and nonallowable interest costs that are included in the portion of the total cost allocated to
the automotive good; or

(C)

reasonably allocating each cost that forms part of the total cost incurred with respect to the automotive good so that the
aggregate of these costs does not include any sales promotion, marketing and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping
and packing costs or nonallowable interest costs.

(viii) For purposes of this note--

(A)

the term “nonallowable interest costs” means interest costs incurred by a producer that exceed 700 basis points above
the applicable official interest rate for comparable maturities of the country in which the producer is located;

(B)

the term “net cost” means total cost minus sales promotion, marketing, and after-sales service costs, royalties, shipping
and packing costs and nonallowable interest costs that are included in the total cost;

(C)

the term “reasonably allocating” means apportioning in a manner that would be appropriate under generally accepted
accounting principles; and

(D)

the term “total cost” means all product costs, period costs and other costs for a good incurred in the territory of Panama
or of the United States, or both.

(i)

Accessories, spare parts or tools.

(i)

Subject to subdivisions (ii) and (iii) of this subdivision, accessories, spare parts or tools delivered with a good that form part of
the good's standard accessories, spare parts or tools shall--

(A) be treated as originating goods if the good is an originating good; and

(B) be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials used in the production of the good undergo the

applicable change in tariff classification set forth in subdivision (o) of this note.

(ii) Subdivision (i)(i) shall apply only if--

(A)

the accessories, spare parts or tools are classified with and not invoiced separately from the good, regardless of whether
such accessories, spare parts or tools are specified or are separately identified in the invoice for the good; and

(B)

the quantities and value of the accessories, spare parts or tools are customary for the good.

(iii)

If the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of the accessories, spare parts or tools shall be taken
into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content of the
good.

(j)

Fungible goods and materials.

(i)

A person claiming that a fungible good or fungible material is an originating good may base the claim either on the physical
segregation of the fungible good or fungible material or by using an inventory management method with respect to the fungible
good or fungible material. For purposes of this subdivision, the term “inventory management method” means:

(A) averaging;

(B)

“last-in, first-out”;

(C)

“first-in, first out”; or

(D) any other method that is recognized in the generally accepted accounting principles of the country in which the production

is performed (whether Panama or the United States) or otherwise accepted by that country.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.810

Panama

The term “fungible good” or “fungible material” means a good or material, as the case may be, that is interchangeable with
another good or material for commercial purposes and the properties of which are essentially identical to such other good or
material.

(ii) A person selecting an inventory management method under subdivision (j)(i) above for a particular fungible good or fungible
material shall continue to use that method for that fungible good or fungible material throughout the fiscal year of such person.

(k) Packaging materials and containers.

(i)

Packaging materials and containers in which a good is packaged for retail sale, if classified with the good for which the tariff
treatment under the terms of this note is claimed, shall be disregarded in determining whether all the nonoriginating materials
used in the production of the good undergo the applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note
and, if the good is subject to a regional value content requirement, the value of such packaging materials and containers shall
be taken into account as originating or nonoriginating materials, as the case may be, in calculating the regional value content
of the good.

(ii) Packing materials and containers for shipment shall be disregarded in determining whether a good is an originating good. For

purposes of this note, the term “packing materials and containers for shipment” means goods used to protect another good
during its transportation and does not include the packaging materials and containers in which the other good is packaged for
retail sale.

(l)

Indirect materials.

For purposes of this note, an indirect material shall be treated as an originating material without regard to where it is produced. The
term “indirect material” means a good used in the production, testing or inspection of another good but not physically incorporated
into that other good, or a good used in the maintenance of buildings or the operation of equipment associated with the production
of another good, including–

(i)

fuel and energy;

(ii)

tools, dies and molds;

(iii) spare parts and materials used in the maintenance of equipment or buildings;

(iv)

lubricants, greases, compounding materials and other materials used in production or used to operate equipment or buildings;

(v) gloves, glasses, footwear, clothing, safety equipment and supplies;

(vi) equipment, devices and supplies used for testing or inspecting the good;

(vii) catalysts and solvents; and

(viii) any other good that is not incorporated into the other good but the use of which in the production of the other good can

reasonably be demonstrated to be a part of that production.

(m) Record-keeping requirements and verification.

(i)

An importer claiming preferential tariff treatment for a good imported into the territory of the United States under the provisions
of this note based on a importer’s certification or its knowledge (including reasonable reliance on information in the importer’s
possession) that the good is an originating good shall maintain, for a minimum of five years from the date of importation of the
good, all records necessary to demonstrate that the good qualified for the preferential tariff treatment claimed under this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.811

Panama

(ii) An importer claiming preferential tariff treatment for a good imported into the territory of the United States based on a certification
issued by the exporter or producer shall maintain, for a minimum of five years from the date of importation of the good, a copy
of the certification that served as the basis for the claim. If the importer possesses records demonstrating that the good satisfies
the requirements to remain originating under subdivision (c)(iii) of this note, the importer shall maintain such records for a
minimum of five years from the date of importation of the good; shall make a written declaration that the good qualifies as
originating, under the terms of applicable regulations; and shall be prepared to submit, upon request by the appropriate customs
officer, a certification of origin demonstrating that the good qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note,
including pertinent cost and manufacturing information and all other information requested by such customs officer.

(iii) A certification that a good is originating may be in written or electronic form, including but not limited to the following elements:

(A)

the name of the certifying person, including as necessary contact or other identifying information;

(B)

the importer of the good (if known);

(C)

the exporter of the good (if different from the producer);

(D)

the producer of the good (if known);

(E)

the classification of the good in the tariff schedule and a description of the good;

(F)

information demonstrating that the good is originating;

(G)

the date of the certification; and

(H)

in the case of a blanket certification of multiple shipments of identical goods within any period specified in the written or
electronic certification, not exceeding 12 months from the date of the certification, the period of time that the certification
covers. For purposes of this subdivision, the term “identical goods” means goods that are the same in all respects relevant
to the rule of origin that qualifies the goods as originating goods.

Importers shall, upon request by the appropriate customs officer, make available such records as are necessary under applicable
regulations to demonstrate that a good qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note.

(iv) For purposes of determining whether a good imported into the customs territory of the United States from the territory of
Panama qualifies as an originating good under the provisions of this note, the appropriate customs officer may conduct a
verification under such terms or procedures as the United States and Panama may agree, as set forth in pertinent regulations.

(n)

Interpretation of rules of origin.

(i) Unless otherwise specified, a rule in subdivision (o) of this note that is set out adjacent and is applicable to a 6-digit subheading
in the tariff schedule shall take precedence over a rule applicable to a 4-digit heading superior thereto and covering the goods
of such subheading. For purposes of this subdivision and subdivision (o) of this note, a tariff provision is a “heading” if its article
description is not indented; a provision is a “subheading” if it is designated by 6 digits under the Harmonized Commodity
Description and Coding System.

(ii) Reference to weight in the rules set forth in subdivision (o) of this note for goods provided for in chapters 1 through 24 of the

tariff schedule means dry weight, unless otherwise specified in the tariff schedule.

(iii) A requirement of a change in tariff classification in subdivision (o) of this note applies only to nonoriginating materials.

(iv) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 6 through 14, inclusive, agricultural and horticultural goods grown in
the territory of Panama or of the United States shall be treated as originating therein even if grown from seed, bulbs, rootstock,
cuttings, grafts, shoots, buds or other live parts of plants imported from a country other than Panama or the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.812

Panama

(v) For purposes of applying this note to goods of chapters 27 through 40, inclusive (except a good of heading 3823), of the tariff
schedule,a good that undergoes a chemical reaction as defined herein shall be treated as an originating good for purposes of
this note, notwithstanding any product-specific rules enumerated in this note, provided all other applicable requirements are
satisfied. A “chemical reaction” is a process (including a biochemical process) which results in a molecule with a new structure
by breaking intramolecular bonds and by forming new intramolecular bonds, or by altering the spatial arrangement of atoms
in a molecule. The following are not considered to be chemical reactions for purposes of this note:

(A) dissolving in water or other solvents;

(B)

the elimination of solvents including solvent water; or

(C)

the addition or elimination of water of crystallization.

(vi) A good of heading in chapters 28 through 40 that satisfies one or more of the provisions enumerated in this subdivision shall
be treated as an originating good for purposes of this note, except as otherwise specified in such provisions. Notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, a good is an originating good if it meets the applicable change in tariff classification or satisfies the
applicable value content requirement specified in the rules of origin in subdivision (o) for such chapters.

(A) A good of chapters 28 through 40 that is subject to purification shall be treated as an originating good provided that the

purification occurs in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both and results in the following:

(1)

the elimination of not less than 80 percent of the impurities; or

(2)

the reduction or elimination of impurities resulting in a good suitable:

(I)

as a pharmaceutical, medicinal, cosmetic, veterinary, or food grade substance;

(II) as a chemical product or reagent for analytical, diagnostic, or laboratory uses;

(III) as an element or component for use in micro-elements;

(IV) for specialized optical uses;

(V)

for non-toxic uses for health and safety;

(VI) for biotechnical use;

(VII) as a carrier used in a separation process; or

(VIII)for nuclear grade uses.

(B) A good of chapters 30, 31 or 33 through 40 (except for heading 3808) shall be treated as an originating good if the

deliberate and proportionally controlled mixing or blending (including dispersing) of materials to conform to predetermined
specifications, resulting in the production of a good having different essential physical or chemical characteristics that
are relevant to the purposes or uses of the good and are different from the input materials, occurs in the territory of
Panama or of the United States, or both.

(C) A good of chapters 30, 31, 33 or 39 shall be treated as an originating good if the deliberate and controlled modification

in particle size of the good, including micronizing by dissolving a polymer and subsequent precipitation, other than by
merely crushing or pressing, resulting in a good having a defined particle size, defined particle size distribution, or defined
surface area, which is relevant to the purposes of the resulting good and having different essential physical or chemical
characteristics from the input materials, occurs in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

(D) A good of chapters 28 through 38 shall be treated as an originating good if the production of standards materials occurs
in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both. For the purposes of this subdivision, “standards materials”
(including standard solutions) are preparations suitable for analytical, calibrating, or referencing uses, having precise
degrees of purity or proportions that are certified by the manufacturer.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.813

Panama

(E) A good of chapters 28 through 39 shall be treated as an originating good if the isolation or separation of isomers from

mixtures of isomers occurs in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

(F) A good of chapters 28 through 38 that undergoes a change from one classification to another in the territory of Panama

or of the United States, or both, as a result of the separation of one or more materials from a man-made mixture shall
not be treated as an originating good unless the isolated material underwent a chemical reaction in the territory of Panama
or of the United States, or both.

(vii) With respect to textile and apparel goods imported under heading 9822.09.62, the following provisions shall apply:

(A) A textile good of chapters 50 through 60 of the tariff schedule shall be considered to be an originating good under this

note if it is wholly formed in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, from–

(1) one or more of the fibers, yarns and fabrics listed in U.S. note 39 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 of the tariff

schedule; or

(2) a combination of any of the fibers, yarns and fabrics listed in such U.S. note 39 and one or more fibers, yarns and

fabrics that are originating goods under the terms of this note.

The originating fibers and yarns referred to in subdivision (A)(2) may contain up to 10 percent by weight of fibers and
yarns that do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note. Any elastomeric
yarn contained in such originating yarns referred to in subdivision (A)(2) must be formed in the territory of Panama or of
the United States, or both.

(B) An apparel good of chapters 61 or 62 of the tariff schedule shall be considered to be an originating good under this note
if it is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States,
or both, and if the fabric of the outer shell, exclusive of collars and cuffs where applicable, is wholly of–

(1) one or more fabrics listed in U.S. note 39 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule; or

(2) one or more fabrics or knit to shape components formed in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both,

from one or more of the yarns listed in such U.S. note 39; or

(3) any combination of the fabrics referred to in subdivision (B)(1), the fabrics or knit to shape components referred to
in subdivision (B)(2) or one or more fabrics or knit to shape components that are originating goods under the terms
of this note.

The originating fabrics referred to in subdivision (B)(3) may contain up to 10 percent by weigh tof fibers or yarns that do
not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note. Any elastomeric yarn
contained in such originating yarns referred to in subdivision (B)(3) must be formed in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

(C) A textile good of chapter 63 or subheading 9404.90 of the tariff schedule shall be considered to be an originating good
if it is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States,
or both, and if the component that determines the tariff classification of the good is wholly of–

(1) one or more of the fabrics listed in U.S. note 39 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule;

(2) one or more fabrics or knit to shape components formed in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both,

from one or more of the yarns listed in such U.S. note 39; or

(3) any combination of the fabrics referred to in subdivision (C)(1), the fabrics or knit to shape components referred to
in subdivision (C)(2) or one ore more fabrics or knit to shape components that are originating goods under the terms
of this note.

The originating fabrics referred to in subdivision (C)(3) may contain up to 10 percent by weight of fibers or yarns that do
not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in subdivision (o) of this note. Any elastomeric yarn
contained in such originating yarns referred to in subdivision (C)(3) must be formed in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.814

Panama

(D) An apparel good of chapters 61 or 62 shall be considered to be an originating good regardless of the origin of any visible
lining fabric described in chapter rule 1 to such chapters in subdivision (o) of this note, narrow fabrics described in chapter
rule 3 to such chapters in such subdivision (o), sewing thread described in chapter rule 4 to such chapters in such
subdivision (o) or pocketing fabric described in chapter rule 5 to such chapters in such subdivision (o), provided that any
such material is identified in U.S. note 39 to subchapter XXII of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule and the good meets all
other applicable requirements for preferential treatment under this note.

(o) Product-specific rules. [NOT UPDATED FOR PRES. PROC. 8771]

Chapter 1.

1.

A change to headings 0101 through 0106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 2.

1.

A change to headings 0201 through 0210 from any other chapter.

Chapter 3.

Chapter rule 1: Fish, crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates of this chapter shall be deemed originating even if
they were cultivated from nonoriginating fry (immature fish at a post-larval stage, including fingerlings, parr, smolts and elvers) or
larvae.

1.

A change to headings 0301 through 0307 from any other chapter.

Chapter 4.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 0401 through 0404 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1901.90.

A change to heading 0405 from any other chapter, except from subheadings 1901.90 or 2106.90.

A change to heading 0406 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1901.90.

A change to headings 0407 through 0410 from any other chapter.

Chapter 5.

1.

A change to headings 0501 through 0511 from any other chapter.

Chapter 6.

1.

A change to headings 0601 through 0604 from any other chapter.

Chapter 7.

1.

A change to headings 0701 through 0714 from any other chapter.

Chapter 8.

1.

A change to headings 0801 through 0814 from any other chapter.

Chapter 9.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 0901 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 0902.10 through 0902.40 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 0903 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.815

Panama

4.

(A) A change to crushed, ground or powdered spices put up for retail sale of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99 from

spices that are not crushed, ground or powdered of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99, or from any other subheading;
or

(B) A change to mixtures of spices or any good of subheadings 0904.11 through 0910.99 other than crushed, ground or

powdered spices put up for retail sale from any other subheading.

Chapter 10.

1.

A change to headings 1001 through 1008 from any other chapter.

Chapter 11.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1101 through 1103 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1104.12 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 1104.19 through 1104.30 from any other chapter, except from heading 1005.

A change to heading 1105 from any other chapter, except from heading 0701.

A change to headings 1106 through 1109 from any other chapter.

Chapter 12.

1.

A change to headings 1201 through 1214 from any other chapter.

Chapter 13.

1.

A change to headings 1301 through 1302 from any other chapter.

Chapter 14.

1.

A change to headings 1401 through 1404 from any other chapter.

Chapter 15.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1501 through 1510 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1511 from any other chapter, except from subheading 1207.10.

A change to headings 1512 through 1518 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1520 from any other heading.

A change to headings 1521 through 1522 from any other chapter.

Chapter 16.

1.

A change to headings 1601 through 1605 from any other chapter.

Chapter 17.

1.

2.

A change to headings 1701 through 1703 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 1704 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.816

Panama

Chapter 18.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

A change to headings 1801 through 1802 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 1803 through 1805 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 1806.10 from any other heading, provided that goods of subheading 1806.10 containing 90 percent
or more by dry weight of sugar do not contain nonoriginating sugar of chapter 17 and that goods of subheading 1806.10
containing less than 90 percent by dry weight of sugar do not contain more than 35 percent by weight of nonoriginating sugar
of chapter 17.

A change to subheading 1806.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 1806.31 through 1806.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 19.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheading 1901.10 from any other chapter, provided that goods of subheading 1901.10 containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.20 from any other chapter, provided that goods of subheading 1901.20 containing over 25
percent by weight of butterfat, not put up for retail sale, do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

A change to subheading 1901.90 from any other chapter, provided that goods of subheading 1901.90 containing over 10
percent by weight of milk solids do not contain nonoriginating dairy goods of chapter 4.

A change to headings 1902 through 1903 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 1904.10 through 1904.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 1904.90 from any other subheading, except from heading 1006.

A change to heading 1905 from any other chapter.

Chapter 20

Chapter rule 1: Fruit, nut and vegetable preparations of headings 2002 through 2005 or 2008 that have been prepared or preserved
by freezing, by packing (including canning) in water, brine or natural juices, or by roasting, either dry or in oil (including processing
incidental to freezing, packing, or roasting) shall be treated as originating only if the fresh good was wholly obtained or produced
entirely in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

A change to heading 2001 from any other chapter, except from subheading 0703.10.

A change to headings 2002 through 2005 from any other chapter, except as provided for in chapter rule 1 to this chapter and
except from heading 0701.

A change to heading 2006 from any other chapter, except from heading 1202 or subheading 0804.30.

A change to heading 2007 from any other chapter, except from heading 0803 or subheading 0804.50.

A change to subheading 2008.11 from any other chapter, except from heading 1202.

A change to subheadings 2008.19 through 2008.99 from any other chapter, except as provided for in chapter rule 1 to this
chapter.

A change to subheadings 2009.11 through 2009.39 from any other chapter, except from heading 0805.

A change to subheadings 2009.41 through 2009.50 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.817

Panama

9.

(A) A change to guava, apple, pear, peach, mango, grape or soursop juice of subheadings 2009.61 through 2009.80 from

guava, apple, pear, peach, mango, grape or soursop juice concentrate of subheadings 2009.61 through 2009.80 or from
any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good under subheadings 2009.61 through 2009.80 from any other chapter.

10.

(A) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 2009.90 from any other subheading within chapter 20, whether or not there is also a change
from any other chapter, provided that the juice of a single fruit or vegetable, or juice ingredients from a single country
other than Panama or the United States, constitute in single strength form no more than 60 percent by volume of the
good.

Chapter 21.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2101.11 through 2101.12 from any other chapter, except from heading 0901.

A change to subheadings 2101.20 through 2101.30 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2102 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.20 from any other chapter, provided that tomato ketchup of subheading 2103.20 does not
contain nonoriginating goods from subheading 2002.90.

(A) A change to prepared mustard of subheading 2103.30 from mustard flour or meal of subheading 2103.30 or any other

subheading; or

(B) A change to any other good of subheading 2103.30 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2103.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2104 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2105 from any other heading, except from chapter 4, or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent
by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90.

10.

(A) A change to concentrated juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90

from any other chapter except from headings 0805 or 2009 or subheading 2202.90;

(B) A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2106.90:

(1)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90; or

(2)

from any other subheading within chapter 21, heading 2009 or mixtures of juices of subheading 2202.90, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that the juice of a single fruit or vegetable, or juice
ingredients from a single country other than Panama or fhe United States, constitute in single strength form no more
than 60 percent by volume of the good;

(C) A change to compound alcoholic preparations of subheading 2106.90 from any other subheading except from headings

2203 through 2209;

(D) A change to sugar syrups of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter, except from chapter 17;

(E) A change to goods containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 2106.90 from any other chapter,

except from chapter 4, or from dairy preparations containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading
1901.90; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.818

Panama

(F) A change to other goods of heading 2106 from any other chapter.

Chapter 22.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 2201 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2202.10 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to guava, apple, pear, peach, mango, grape or soursop juice fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading
2202.90 from guava, apple, pear, peach, mango, grape or soursop juice concentrate of heading 2009 or from any other
heading;

(B) A change to juice of any single fruit or vegetable fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2202.90 from any other

chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009, or from juice concentrates of heading 2106.90;

(C) A change to mixtures of juices fortified with vitamins or minerals of subheading 2202.90:

(1)

from any other chapter, except from headings 0805 or 2009 or from mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90; or

(2)

from any other subheading within chapter 22, heading 2009 or mixtures of juices of subheading 2106.90, whether
or not there is also a change from any other chapter, provided that the juice of a single fruit or vegetable, or juice
ingredients from a single country other than Panama or the United States, constitute in single strength form no more
than 60 percent by volume of the good;

(D) A change to beverages containing milk from any other chapter, except from chapter 4 or from dairy preparations containing

over 10 percent by weight of milk solids of subheading 1901.90; or

(E) A change to any other goods of subheading 2202.90 from any other chapter.

4.

A change to headings 2203 through 2208 from any other chapter except from compound alcoholic preparations of subheading
2106.90.

5.

A change to heading 2209 from any other heading.

Chapter 23.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 2301 through 2308 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 2309.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2309.90 from any other heading except from chapter 4 or subheading 1901.90.

Chapter 24.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 2401 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 2402 from any other chapter, or from wrapper tobacco not threshed or similarly processed of heading
2401, or from homogenized or reconstituted tobacco suitable for use as wrapper tobacco of heading 2403.

(A) A change to homogenized or reconstituted tobacco for use as cigar wrapper of subheading 2403.91 from any other

heading; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 2403 from any other chapter.

Chapter 25.

1.

A change to headings 2501 through 2516 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.819

Panama

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheadings 2517.10 through 2517.20 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 2517.30 from any other subheading.

A change in subheadings 2517.41 through 2517.49 from any other heading.

A change to headings 2518 through 2522 from any other heading.

A change to heading 2523 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 2524 through 2530 from any other heading.

Chapter 26.

1.

A change to headings 2601 through 2621 from any other heading.

Chapter 27.

1.

2.

A change to headings 2701 through 2706 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 2707.10 through 2707.99 from any other subheading, provided that the good resulting from

such change is the product of a chemical reaction.

3.

A change to headings 2708 through 2709 from any other heading.

Heading rule: For purposes of heading 2710, the following processes confer origin:

(i)

Atmospheric distillation: A separation process in which petroleum oils are converted, in a distillation tower, into fractions
according to boiling point and the vapor then condensed into different liquefied fractions; or

(ii) Vacuum distillation: Distillation at a pressure below atmospheric but not so low that it would be classed as molecular

distillation

(A) A change to any good of heading 2710 from any other good of heading 2710, provided that the good resulting from such

change is the product of a chemical reaction, atmospheric distillation or vacuum distillation; or

(B) A change to heading 2710 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

A change to subheading 2711.11 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.21.

A change to subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.29.

A change to subheading 2711.21 from any other subheading, except from subheading 2711.11.

A change to subheading 2711.29 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 2711.12 through 2711.21.

A change to headings 2712 through 2714 from any other heading.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to heading 2715 from any other heading, except from heading 2714 or subheading 2713.20.

11. A change to heading 2716 from any other heading.

Chapter 28.

1.

A change to subheadings 2801.10 through 2801.30 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.820

Panama

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to headings 2802 through 2803 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2804.10 through 2806.20 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2807 through 2808 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2809.10 through 2809.20 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2810 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2811.11 through 2816.40 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2817 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2818.10 through 2821.20 from any other subheading.

10. A change to headings 2822 through 2823 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheadings 2824.10 through 2837.20 from any other subheading.

12. A change to heading 2838 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheadings 2839.11 through 2846.90 from any other subheading.

14. A change to headings 2847 through 2848 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheadings 2849.10 through 2849.90 from any other subheading.

16. A change to headings 2850 through 2851 from any other heading.

Chapter 29.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 2901.10 through 2910.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2911 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2912.11 through 2912.60 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2913 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2914.11 through 2918.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 2919 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2920.10 through 2926.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 2927 through 2928 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 2929.10 through 2930.90 from any other subheading.

10. A change to heading 2931 from any other heading.

11. A change to subheadings 2932.11 through 2934.99 from any other subheading.

12. A change to heading 2935 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheadings 2936.10 through 2939.99 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.821

Panama

14. A change to subheadings 2941.10 through 2941.90 from any other subheading.

15. A change to heading 2942 from any other heading.

Chapter 30.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 3001.10 through 3003.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3004 from any other heading, except from heading 3003.

A change to subheadings 3005.10 through 3006.80 from any other subheading.

Chapter 31.

1.

2.

A change to heading 3101 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3102.10 through 3105.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 32.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 3201.10 through 3202.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3203 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3204.11 through 3204.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3205 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 3206.11 through 3206.50 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3207 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 3208 through 3211 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 3212 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 3213 through 3214 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 3215 from any other chapter.

Chapter 33.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 3301.11 through 3301.90 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3302 from any other heading, except from heading 2207.

A change to heading 3303 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3304.10 through 3307.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 34.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 3401 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3402.11 through 3402.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3403.11 through 3403.19 from any other subheading, except from headings 2710 or 2712.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.822

Panama

4.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 3403.91 through 3403.99 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3404.10 through 3405.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3406 through 3407 from any other heading.

Chapter 35.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheadings 3501.10 through 3501.90 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 3502.11 through 3502.19 from any other subheading outside that group, except from heading 0407.

A change to subheadings 3502.20 through 3502.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3503 through 3504 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3505.10 through 3505.20 from any other subheading.

A change to heading 3506 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3507.10 through 3507.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 36.

1.

A change to headings 3601 through 3606 from any other heading.

Chapter 37.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 3701 through 3703 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 3704 through 3706 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3707.10 through 3707.90 from any other subheading.

Chapter 38

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 3801.10 through 3807.00 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 3808.10 through 3808.90 from any other subheading provided that 50 percent by weight of the active
ingredient or ingredients is originating.

A change to subheadings 3809.10 through 3824.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 3825 from any other chapter, except from chapters 28 through 37, 40 or 90.

Chapter 39.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 3901 through 3915 from any other heading, provided that the originating polymer content is no less than
50 percent by weight of the total polymer content.

A change to subheadings 3916.10 through 3918.90 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading outside that group; or

(B) A change to subheadings 3919.10 through 3919.90 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.823

Panama

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 3920.10 through 3920.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 25 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 30 percent under the build-down method.

5.

6.

A change to subheadings 3921.11 through 3921.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 3922 through 3926 from any other heading.

Chapter 40.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.30 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 4001.10 through 4001.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

2.

(A) A change to headings 4002 through 4006 from any other heading, except from heading 4001; or

(B) A change to headings 4002 through 4006 from heading 4001 or from any other heading, provided that there is a regional

value content of not less than 30 percent under the build-down method.

3.

A change to headings 4007 through 4017 from any other heading.

Chapter 41.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4101 that have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is

reversible from any other good of heading 4101 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4101 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is

reversible from any other good of heading 4102 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4102 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is

reversible from any other good of heading 4103 or from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to any other good of heading 4103 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 4104.11 through 4104.49 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to heading 4105 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4112; or

(B) A change to heading 4105 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4106 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4113; or

(B) A change to heading 4106 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.91.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.824

Panama

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 4107 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 4112 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4102 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4105; or

(B) A change to heading 4112 from wet blues of subheading 4105.10.

(A) A change to heading 4113 from any other heading, except from hides or skins of heading 4103 that have undergone a

tanning (including a pre-tanning) process that is reversible, or from heading 4106; or

(B) A change to heading 4113 from wet blues of subheadings 4106.21, 4106.31 or 4106.90.

10. A change to subheadings 4114.10 through 4115.20 from any other subheading.

Chapter 42.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 4201 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 4202.11 from any other chapter.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.12 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.12 with an outer surface of plastic from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 4202.19 through 4202.21 from any other chapter.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.22 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.22 with an outer surface of plastic sheeting from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 4202.29 through 4202.31 from any other chapter.

A change to goods of subheading 4202.32 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

10. A change to goods of subheading 4202.32 with an outer surface of plastic sheeting from any other heading.

11. A change to subheadings 4202.39 through 4202.91 from any other chapter.

12. A change to goods of subheading 4202.92 with an outer surface of textile materials from any other chapter, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

13. A change to goods of subheading 4202.92 with an outer surface of plastic sheeting from any other heading.

14. A change to subheading 4202.99 from any other chapter.

15. A change to subheadings 4203.10 through 4203.29 from any other chapter.

16. A change to subheadings 4203.30 through 4203.40 from any other heading.

17. A change to headings 4204 through 4206 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.825

Panama

Chapter 43.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4301 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4302 through 4304 from any other heading.

Chapter 44.

1.

A change to headings 4401 through 4421 from any other heading.

Chapter 45

1.

A change to headings 4501 through 4504 from any other heading.

Chapter 46.

1.

2.

A change to heading 4601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4602 from any other heading.

Chapter 47.

1.

A change to headings 4701 through 4707 from any other heading.

Chapter 48.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to headings 4801 through 4807 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 4808 from any other heading.

A change to heading 4809 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 4810 through 4811 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4812 through 4817 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to subheadings 4818.10 through 4818.30 from any other heading, except from heading 4803.

A change to subheadings 4818.40 through 4818.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 4819 through 4822 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 4823 from any other heading.

Chapter 49.

1.

A change to headings 4901 through 4911 from any other chapter.

Chapter 50.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5001 through 5003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5004 through 5006 from any heading outside that group.

A change to heading 5007 from any other heading.

Chapter 51.

1.

A change to headings 5101 through 5105 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.826

Panama

2.

3.

A change to headings 5106 through 5110 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5111 through 5113 from any other heading.

Chapter 52

1.

2.

A change to headings 5201 through 5207 from any other chapter, except from headings 5401 through 5405 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to headings 5208 through 5212 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 53.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 5301 through 5305 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 5306 through 5308 from any heading outside that group.

A change to headings 5309 through 5311 from any heading outside that group.

Chapter 54.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 5401 through 5406 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through
5507.

A change to tariff items 5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or from any other
chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to any other tariff item of heading 5407 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205
through 5206 or 5509 through 5510.

A change to heading 5408 from any other chapter, except from headings 5106 through 5110, 5205 through 5206 or 5509
through 5510.

Chapter 55.

1.

2.

A change to headings 5501 through 5511 from any other chapter, except from headings 5201 through 5203 or 5401 through
5405.

A change to headings 5512 through 5516 from any heading outside that group, except from headings 5106 through 5110,
5205 through 5206, 5401 through 5404 or 5509 through 5510.

Chapter 56.

1.

A change to headings 5601 through 56.09 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 57.

1.

A change to headings 5701 through 5705 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113 or 5204 through
5212, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516.

Chapter 58.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 5801.10 through 5806.10 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to subheading 5806.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5208 through 5212, 5407 through 5408 or
5512 through 5516.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.827

Panama

3.

A change to subheadings 5806.31 through 5811.00 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 59.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to heading 5901 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5902 from any other heading, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5310
through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to headings 5903 through 5908 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through
5212, 5310 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5909 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212 or 5310
through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5512 through 5516.

A change to heading 5910 from any other heading, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5310
through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 5911 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212, 5310 through
5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516.

Chapter 60.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 6001 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, chapter 52, heading 5310 through
5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

A change to heading 6002 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 6003 through 6006 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, chapter 52,
heading 5310 through 5311 or chapters 54 through 55.

Chapter 61.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following headings and subheadings, when used as visible lining material in certain men’s and women’s suits, suit-type
jackets, skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers, and similar articles, must be wholly formed and finished in the territory
of Panama or of the United States, or both:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through
6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the tariff classification rule applicable to
that good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy
the tariff change requirements set out in the tariff classification rule for that good. If the tariff classification rule requires that the good
must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.828

Panama

shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area,
and shall not apply to removable linings.

Chapter rule 3: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter containing fabrics of subheading 5806.20 or
heading 6002 shall be considered originating only if such fabrics are wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

Chapter rule 4: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of headings 5204,
5401 or 5508 shall be considered originating only if such sewing thread is wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or
of the United States, or both.

Chapter rule 5: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter that contains a pocket or pockets shall be
considered originating only if the pocket bag fabric is wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or of the United States,
or both from yarn wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

1.

A change to subheadings 6101.10 through 6101.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

A change to subheading 6101.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or
5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to
shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6102.10 through 6102.30 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

A change to subheading 6102.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or
5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to
shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

A change to subheadings 6103.11 through 6103.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

A change to tariff item 6103.19.60 or 6103.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6103.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule1 to chapter 61.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.829

Panama

8.

A change to subheadings 6103.21 through 6103.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6101 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6103, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

9.

A change to subheadings 6103.31 through 6103.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

10. A change to tariff items 6103.39.40 or 6103.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

11. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6103.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

12. A change to subheadings 6103.41 through 6103.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

13. A change to subheadings 6104.11 through 6104.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

14. A change to tariff items 6104.19.40 or 6104.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

15. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

16. A change to subheadings 6104.21 through 6104.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.830

Panama

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6102, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6104 or a skirt described

in heading 6104, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton, or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to
chapter 61.

17. A change to subheadings 6104.31 through 6104.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

18. A change to tariff item 6104.39.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or

5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to
shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

19. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

20. A change to subheadings 6104.41 through 6104.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

21. A change to subheadings 6104.51 through 6104.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

22. A change to tariff items 6104.59.40 or 6104.59.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204

through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

23. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6104.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

24. A change to subheadings 6104.61 through 6104.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.831

Panama

25. A change to headings 6105 through 6111 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through

5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut
or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

26. A change to subheadings 6112.11 through 6112.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

27. A change to subheading 6112.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or

5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made
fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies
the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 61.

28. A change to subheadings 6112.31 through 6112.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

29. A change to headings 6113 through 6117 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through

5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good is cut
or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 62.

Chapter rule 1: Except for fabrics classified in tariff items 5408.22.10, 5408.23.11, 5408.23.21 or 5408.24.10, the fabrics identified
in the following headings and subheadings, when used as visible lining material in certain men’s and women’s suits, suit-type
jackets, skirts, overcoats, carcoats, anoraks, windbreakers and similar articles, must be wholly formed and finished in the territory
of Panama or of the United States, or both:

5111 through 5112, 5208.31 through 5208.59, 5209.31 through 5209.59, 5210.31 through 5210.59, 5211.31 through 5211.59,
5212.13 through 5212.15, 5212.23 through 5212.25, 5407.42 through 5407.44, 5407.52 through 5407.54, 5407.61, 5407.72
through 5407.74, 5407.82 through 5407.84, 5407.92 through 5407.94, 5408.22 through 5408.24, 5408.32 through 5408.34,
5512.19, 5512.29, 5512.99, 5513.21 through 5513.49, 5514.21 through 5515.99, 5516.12 through 5516.14, 5516.22 through
5516.24, 5516.32 through 5516.34, 5516.42 through 5516.44, 5516.92 through 5516.94, 6001.10, 6001.92, 6005.31 through
6005.44 or 6006.10 through 6006.44.

Chapter rule 2: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the tariff classification rule applicable to
that good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy
the tariff change requirements set out in the tariff classification rule for that good. If the tariff classification rule requires that the good
must also satisfy the tariff change requirements for visible lining fabrics listed in chapter rule 1 to this chapter, such requirement
shall only apply to the visible lining fabric in the main body of the garment, excluding sleeves, which covers the largest surface area,
and shall not apply to removable linings.

Chapter rule 3: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter, other than a good of tariff items 6204.42.30,
6204.43.40 or 6204.44.40 (for goods for girls in the foregoing tariff items, other than corduroy dresses), heading 6207 through 6208
(for boxers, pajamas and nightwear only) or subheading 6212.10, containing fabrics of heading 6002 or subheading 5806.20 shall
be considered originating only if such fabrics are wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

Chapter rule 4: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter, other than a good of headings 6207 through
6208 (for boxers, pajamas and nightwear only), subheading 6212.10 or tariff items 6204.42.30, 6204.43.40 or 6204.44.40 (for goods
for girls in the foregoing tariff items, other than corduroy dresses), containing sewing thread of headings 5204, 5401 or 5508, shall

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.832

Panama

be considered originating only if such sewing thread is wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or of the United States,
or both.

Chapter rule 5: Notwithstanding chapter rule 2 to this chapter, a good of this chapter that contains a pocket or pockets shall be
considered originating only if the pocket bag fabric is wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or of the United States,
or both from yarn wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

1.

A change to subheadings 6201.11 through 6201.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to subheading 6201.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or
5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

A change to subheadings 6201.91 through 6201.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6201.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or
5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

A change to subheadings 6202.11 through 6202.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

A change to subheading 6202.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or
5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

A change to subheadings 6202.91 through 6202.93 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.833

Panama

8.

9.

A change to subheading 6202.99 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or
5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

A change to subheadings 6203.11 through 6203.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

10. A change to tariff items 6203.19.40 or 6203.19.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

11. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6203.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

12. A change to subheadings 6203.21 through 6203.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6201 or a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6203, of wool, fine

animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these subheadings, any visible lining material
contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

13. A change to subheadings 6203.31 through 6203.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

14. A change to tariff items 6203.39.40 or 6203.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

15. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6203.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.834

Panama

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

16. A change to subheadings 6203.41 through 6203.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

17. A change to subheadings 6204.11 through 6204.13 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802,or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

18. A change to tariff items 6204.19.40 or 6204.19.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

19. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.19 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

20. A change to subheadings 6204.21 through 6204.29 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in heading 6202, a jacket or a blazer described in heading 6204 or a skirt described

in heading 6204, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton or man-made fibers, imported as part of an ensemble of these
subheadings, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to
chapter 62.

21. A change to subheadings 6204.31 through 6204.33 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

22. A change to tariff items 6204.39.60 or 6204.39.80 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.835

Panama

23. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.39 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

24. A change to subheading 6204.41 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or

5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

25. A change to tariff items 6204.42.30, 6204.43.40 or 6204.44.40 (for goods for girls in the foregoing tariff items, other than
corduroy dresses) from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

26. A change to subheadings 6204.42 through 6204.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

27. A change to subheadings 6204.51 through 6204.53 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

28. A change to tariff item 6204.59.40 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or
5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the
good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or
both.

29. A change to any other tariff item of subheading 6204.59 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,
5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

30. A change to subheadings 6204.61 through 6204.69 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

31. A change to headings 6205 through 6206 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through

5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.836

Panama

32. A change to boxer shorts of subheading 6207.11, tariff items 6207.19.90 (for such boxer shorts of man-made fibers only),

6208.91.30 or 6208.92.00 (for pajamas and nightwear of the latter two tariff items only, and not including bathrobes, dressing
gowns and similar articles) from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

33. A change to pajamas and nightwear of subheadings 6207.21 or 6207.22, tariff items 6207.91.30 or 6207.92.40, subheadings
6208.21 or 6208.22 or tariff items 6208.91.30, 6208.92.00 or 6208.99.20 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut
or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

34. A change to any other good of headings 6207 through 6208 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113,

5204 through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through
6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or
of the United States, or both.

35. A change to headings 6209 through 6210 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through

5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both.

36. A change to subheadings 6211.11 through 6211.12 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

37. A change to subheading 6211.20 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or

5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that:

(A)

the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both, and

(B) with respect to a garment described in headings 6101, 6102, 6201 or 6202, of wool, fine animal hair, cotton, or man-made
fibers, imported as part of a ski-suit of this subheading, any visible lining material contained in the apparel article satisfies
the requirements of chapter rule 1 to chapter 62.

38. A change to subheadings 6211.31 through 6211.49 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

39. A change to subheading 6212.10 from any other chapter, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or

otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

40. A change to subheadings 6212.20 through 6212.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

41. A change to headings 6213 through 6217 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through

5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.837

Panama

Chapter 63.

Chapter rule 1: For purposes of determining whether a good of this chapter is originating, the tariff classification rule applicable to
that good shall only apply to the component that determines the tariff classification of the good and such component must satisfy
the tariff change requirements set out in the rule for that good.

Chapter rule 2: Notwithstanding chapter rule 1 to this chapter, a good of this chapter containing sewing thread of headings 5204,
5401 or 5508 shall be considered originating only if such sewing thread is wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or
of the United States, or both.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 6301 through 6302 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both.

A change to tariff item 6303.92.10 from tariff items 5402.43.10 or 5402.52.10 or any other chapter, except from headings 5111
through 5113, 5204 through 5212, 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001
through 6006, provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of
Panama or of the United States, or both.

A change to any other tariff item of heading 6303 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204
through 5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006,
provided that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the
United States, or both.

A change to headings 6304 through 6308 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through
5212 or 5310 through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided
that the good is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United
States, or both.

A change to heading 6309 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6310 from any other chapter, except from headings 5111 through 5113, 5204 through 5212 or 5310
through 5311, chapter 54 or headings 5508 through 5516, 5801 through 5802 or 6001 through 6006, provided that the good
is cut or knit to shape, or both, and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both.

Chapter 64.

1.

A change to subheadings 6401.10 or 6401.91, or tariff items 6401.92.90, 6401.99.30, 6401.99.60, 6401.99.90, 6402.30.50,
6402.30.70, 6402.30.80, 6402.91.50, 6402.91.80, 6402.91.90, 6402.99.20, 6402.99.80, 6402.99.90, 6404.11.90 or 6404.19.20
from any other heading outside headings 6401 through 6405, except from subheading 6406.10, provided that there is a regional
value content of not less than 55 percent under the build-up method.

2.

A change to all other goods of chapter 64 from any other subheading.

Chapter 65.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 6501 through 6502 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 6503 through 6506 from any other heading, except from headings 6503 through 6507.

A change to heading 6507 from any other heading.

Chapter 66.

1.

2.

A change to heading 6601 from any other heading.

A change to heading 6602 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.838

Panama

3.

A change to heading 6603 from any other chapter.

Chapter 67.

1.

(A) A change to heading 6701 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to articles of feathers or down of heading 6701 from any other good, including a good in that heading.

2.

A change to headings 6702 through 6704 from any other heading.

Chapter 68.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 6801 through 6811 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 6812.50 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 6812.60 through 6812.70 from any other subheading outside that group.

A change to subheading 6812.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 6813 through 6814 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 6815.10 through 6815.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 69.

1.

A change to headings 6901 through 6914 from any other chapter.

Chapter 70.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7001 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.10 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7002.20 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7002.31 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 7002.32 through 7002.39 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7003 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7004 through 7007 from any other heading outside the group.

A change to heading 7008 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7009 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7008.

10. A change to heading 7010 from any other chapter.

11. A change to headings 7011 through 7018 from any other heading outside the group, except from headings 7007 through 7008.

12. A change to heading 7019 from any other heading, except from headings 7007 through 7020.

13. A change to heading 7020 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.839

Panama

Chapter 71.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7101 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7102 through 7103 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7104 through 7105 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7106 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7107 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7108 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7109 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7110 through 7111 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7112 from any other heading.

10. A change to heading 7113 from any other heading, except from heading 7116.

11. A change to headings 7114 through 7115 from any other heading.

12. A change to heading 7116 from any other heading, except from heading 7113.

13. A change to headings 7117 through 7118 from any other heading.

Chapter 72.

1.

2.

3.

A change to headings 7201 through 7205 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7206 through 7207 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7208 through 7229 from any other heading.

Chapter 73.

1.

2.

(A) A change to headings 7301 through 7307 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to a good of subheading 7304.41 having an external diameter of less than 19 mm from subheading 7304.49.

A change to heading 7308 from any other heading, except for changes resulting from the following processes performed on
angles, shapes or sections classified in heading 7216:

(A) drilling, punching, notching, cutting, cambering or sweeping, whether performed individually or in combination;

(B) adding attachments or weldments for composite construction;

(C) adding attachments for handling purposes;

(D) adding weldments, connectors or attachments to H-sections or I-sections; provided that the maximum dimension of the
weldments, connectors or attachments is not greater than the dimension between the inner surfaces of the flanges of the
H-sections or I-sections;

(E) painting, galvanizing or otherwise coating; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

(F) adding a simple base plate without stiffening elements, individually or in combination with drilling, punching, notching or

cutting, to create an article suitable as a column.

A change to headings 7309 through 7311 from any other heading outside that group.

A change to headings 7312 through 7314 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.11 through 7315.12 from subheading 7315.19, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.19 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7315.20 through 7315.89 from subheading 7315.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 7315.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7316 from any other heading, except from headings 7312 or 7315.

GN p.840

Panama

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to headings 7317 through 7318 from any heading outside that group.

11. A change to headings 7319 through 7320 from any other heading.

12.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.11 from any other subheading, except cooking chambers, whether or not assembled, the
upper panel, whether or not with controls or burners, or door assemblies, which includes more than one of the following
components: inside panel, external panel, window or isolation of subheading 7321.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 7321.11 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.83 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 7321.12 through 7321.83 from subheading 7321.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to subheading 7321.90 from any other heading, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.841

Panama

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is regional value content

of not less than:

(a) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(b) 45 percent under the build-down method.

15. A change to headings 7322 through 7323 from any heading outside that group.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 7324.10 through 7324.29 from any other heading; or

(B) No change of in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 7324.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 7325.10 through 7326.20 from any subheading outside that group.

19. A change to subheading 7326.90 from any other heading, except from heading 7325.

Chapter 74.

1.

A change to headings 7401 through 7403 from any other heading.

2. No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 7404 is required, provided that there is regional value content of not less

than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to headings 7405 through 7407 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7408 from any other heading, except from heading 7407.

A change to heading 7409 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7410 from any other heading, except from plate, sheet or strip classified in heading 7409 of a thickness
less than 5 mm.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

A change to headings 7411 through 7419 from any other heading.

Chapter 75.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7501 through 7505 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 7506 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to foil, not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness, from any other good of heading 7506, provided that there has been

a reduction in thickness of no less than 50 percent.

3.

A change to subheadings 7507.11 through 7508.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.842

Panama

Chapter 76.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to heading 7601 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7602 from any other heading.

A change to heading 7603 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 7604 from any other heading, except from headings 7605 through 7606.

A change to heading 7605 from any other heading, except from heading 7604.

A change to subheading 7606.11 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.12 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

A change to subheading 7606.91 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 7606.92 from any other heading, except from headings 7604 through 7606.

10. A change to subheading 7607.11 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 7607.19 through 7607.20 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to headings 7608 through 7609 from any other heading outside that group.

13. A change to headings 7610 through 7615 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheading 7616.10 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheadings 7616.91 through 7616.99 from any other subheading.

Chapter 78.

1.

2.

A change to headings 7801 through 7802 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 7803 through 7806 from any other heading.

Chapter 79.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 7901 through 7902 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 7903.90 from any other heading.

A change to headings 7904 through 7907 from any other heading.

Chapter 80.

1.

A change to headings 8001 through 8002 from any other chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.843

Panama

2.

3.

4.

A change to headings 8003 through 8004 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8005 from any other heading, except from heading 8004.

A change to headings 8006 through 8007 from any other heading.

Chapter 81.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

A change to subheadings 8101.10 through 8101.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8101.95 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8101.96 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8101.95.

A change to subheading 8101.97 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8101.99 from any other subheading.

A change to subheadings 8102.10 through 8102.94 from any other chapter.

A change to subheading 8102.95 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8102.96 from any other subheading, except from subheading 8102.95.

A change to subheading 8102.97 from any other chapter.

10. A change to subheading 8102.99 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8103.20 through 8103.30 from any other chapter.

12. A change to subheading 8103.90 from any other subheading.

13. A change to subheadings 8104.11 through 8104.20 from any other chapter.

14. A change to subheadings 8104.30 through 8104.90 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheadings 8105.20 through 8105.30 from any other chapter.

16. A change to subheading 8105.90 from any other subheading.

17.

(A) A change to heading 8106 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

18. A change to subheadings 8107.20 through 8107.30 from any other chapter.

19. A change to subheading 8107.90 from any other subheading.

20. A change to subheadings 8108.20 through 8108.30 from any other chapter.

21. A change to subheading 8108.90 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.844

Panama

22. A change to subheadings 8109.20 through 8109.30 from any other chapter.

23. A change to subheading 8109.90 from any other subheading.

24.

(A) A change to heading 8110 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

25.

(A) A change to heading 8111 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

26. A change to subheadings 8112.12 through 8112.13 from any other chapter.

27. A change to subheading 8112.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

28.

(A) A change to subheadings 8112.21 through 8112.59 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

29. A change to subheading 8112.92 from any other chapter.

30. A change to subheading 8112.99 from any other subheading.

31.

(A) A change to heading 8113 from any other chapter; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 82.

1.

2.

A change to headings 8201 through 8206 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 8207.13 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.845

Panama

(B) A change to subheading 8207.13 from heading 8209 or subheading 8207.19, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

3.

4.

A change to subheadings 8207.19 through 8207.90 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to headings 8208 through 8215 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8211.91 through 8211.93 from subheading 8211.95, whether or not there is also a change from

another chapter, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 83.

1.

(A) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8301.10 through 8301.40 from subheading 8301.60, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

(A) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 8301.50 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8301.60 through 8301.70 from any other chapter.

A change to headings 83.02 through 8304 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8305.10 through 8305.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8305.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheading 8306.10 from any other chapter.

A change to subheadings 8306.21 through 8306.30 from any other heading.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.846

Panama

9.

A change to heading 8307 from any other heading.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8308.10 through 8308.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

11. A change to subheading 8308.90 from any other heading.

12. A change to headings 8309 through 8310 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8311.10 through 8311.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheading 8311.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 84.

1.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 8401.10 through 8401.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8401.40 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.11 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.11 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.12 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.19 from subheading 8402.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.847

Panama

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8402.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 8402.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

9.

A change to subheading 8403.10 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8403.90 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 8404.10 from any other subheading.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 8404.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8404.20 from subheading 8404.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 8404.90 from any other heading.

13. A change to subheading 8405.10 from any other subheading.

14. A change to subheading 8405.90 from any other heading.

15. A change to subheading 8406.10 from any other subheading.

16. A change to subheadings 8406.81 through 8406.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

17.

(A) A change to subheading 8406.90 from any other heading;

(B) A change to rotors, finished for final assembly, of subheading 8406.90, from rotors, not further advanced than cleaned

or machined for removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers, or to permit location in finishing machinery of subheading
8406.90; or

(C) A change to blades, rotating or stationary, of subheading 8406.90 from any other good, including a good in that subheading.

18. A change to subheading 8407.10 from any other heading.

19. A change to subheadings 8407.21 through 8407.29 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.848

Panama

20.

(A) A change to subheadings 8407.31 through 8407.34 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method,

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method, or

(3) 35 percent under the net cost method.

21. A change to subheading 8407.90 from any other heading.

22. A change to subheading 8408.10 from any other heading.

23.

(A) A change to subheading 8408.20 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method,

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method, or

(3) 35 percent under the net cost method.

24. A change to subheading 8408.90 from any other heading.

25. No change in tariff classification to a good of heading 8409 is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method,

(B) 50 percent under the build-down method, or

(C) 35 percent under the net cost method.

26. A change to subheadings 8410.11 through 8410.13 from any other subheading outside that group.

27. A change to subheading 8410.90 from any other heading.

28. A change to subheadings 8411.11 through 8411.82 from any other subheading outside that group.

29. A change to subheadings 8411.91 through 8411.99 from any other heading.

30. A change to subheadings 8412.10 through 8412.80 from any other subheading.

31. A change to subheading 8412.90 from any other heading.

32. A change to subheadings 8413.11 through 8413.82 from any other subheading.

33.

(A) A change to subheadings 8413.91 through 8413.92 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheadings is required for subheading 8413.92, provided that there is a regional

value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.849

Panama

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

34.

(A) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8414.10 through 8414.80 from subheading 8414.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

35.

(A) A change to subheading 8414.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

36. A change to subheadings 8415.10 through 8415.83 from any other subheading.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8415.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to chassis, chassis blades or outer cabinets of subheading 8415.90 from any other good, including a good in

that subheading.

38. A change to subheadings 8416.10 through 8416.90 from any other subheading

39. A change to subheadings 8417.10 through 8417.80 from any other subheading.

40. A change to subheading 8417.90 from any other heading.

41. A change to subheadings 8418.10 through 8418.69 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

8418.91.

42. A change to subheadings 8418.91 through 8418.99 from any other heading.

43. A change to subheadings 8419.11 through 8419.89 from any other subheading.

44.

(A) A change to subheading 8419.90 any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

45. A change to subheading 8420.10 from any other subheading.

46. A change to subheadings 8420.91 through 8420.99 from any other heading.

47. A change to subheadings 8421.11 through 8421.39 from any other subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.850

Panama

48.

(A) A change to subheadings 8421.91 through 8421.99 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

49. A change to subheadings 8422.11 through 8422.40 from any other subheading.

50.

(A) A change to subheading 8422.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

51. A change to subheadings 8423.10 through 8423.89 from any other subheading.

52. A change to subheading 8423.90 from any other heading.

53. A change to subheadings 8424.10 through 8430.69 from any other subheading.

54.

(A) A change to heading 84.31 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for subheading 8431.10, 8431.31, 8431.39, 8431.43 or 8431.49, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

55. A change to subheadings 8432.10 through 8437.90 from any other subheading.

56. A change to subheadings 8438.10 through 8438.80 from any other subheading.

57. A change to subheading 8438.90 from any other heading.

58. A change to subheadings 8439.10 through 8440.90 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheadings 8441.10 through 8441.80 from any other subheading.

60.

(A) A change to subheading 8441.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.851

Panama

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

61. A change to subheadings 8442.10 through 8442.30 from any other subheading outside that group.

62. A change to subheadings 8442.40 through 8442.50 from any other heading.

63.

(A) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.59 from any other subheading outside that group, except from subheading

8443.60; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.59 from subheading 8443.60, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

64. A change to subheading 8443.60 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 8443.11 through 8443.59.

65. A change to subheading 8443.90 from any other heading.

66. A change to heading 8444 from any other heading.

67. A change to headings 8445 through 8447 from any other heading outside that group.

68. A change to subheadings 8448.11 through 8448.19 from any other subheading.

69. A change to subheadings 8448.20 through 8448.59 from any other heading.

70. A change to heading 8449 from any other heading.

71. A change to subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20 from any other subheading.

72. A change to subheading 8450.90 from any other heading.

73. A change to subheadings 8451.10 through 8451.80 from any other subheading.

74. A change to subheading 8451.90 from any other heading.

75. A change to subheadings 8452.10 through 8452.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

76. A change to subheadings 8452.30 through 8452.40 from any other subheading.

77. A change to subheading 8452.90 from any other heading.

78. A change to subheadings 8453.10 through 8453.80 from any other subheading.

79. A change to subheading 8453.90 from any other heading.

80. A change to subheadings 8454.10 through 8454.30 from any other subheading.

81. A change to subheading 8454.90 from any other heading.

82. A change to subheadings 8455.10 through 8455.90 from any other subheading.

83. A change to headings 8456 through 8463 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 65 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.852

Panama

84. A change to headings 8464 through 8465 from any other heading.

85. A change to heading 8466 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

86. A change to subheadings 8467.11 through 8467.89 from any other subheading.

87. A change to subheading 8467.91 from any other heading.

88. A change to subheadings 8467.92 through 8467.99 from any other heading, except from heading 8407.

89. A change to subheadings 8468.10 through 8468.80 from any other subheading.

90. A change to subheading 8468.90 from any other heading.

91. A change to subheadings 8469.11 through 8469.12 from any other subheading outside that group.

92. A change to subheadings 8469.20 through 8469.30 from any other subheading outside that group.

93. A change to subheadings 8470.10 through 8472.90 from any other subheading.

94.

(A) A change to subheadings 8473.10 through 8473.50 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

95. A change to subheadings 8474.10 through 8474.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

96.

(A) A change to subheading 8474.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

97. A change to subheading 8475.10 from any other subheading.

98. A change to subheadings 8475.21 through 8475.29 from any other subheading outside that group.

99. A change to subheading 8475.90 from any other heading.

100. A change to subheadings 8476.21 through 8476.89 from any other subheading outside that group.

101. A change to subheading 8476.90 from any other heading.

102. A change to heading 8477 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.853

Panama

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method; or

103. A change to subheadings 8477.10 through 8477.80 from subheading 8477.90, whether or not there is a change from any other

heading, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

104. A change to subheading 8478.10 from any other subheading.

105. A change to subheading 8478.90 from any other heading.

106. A change to subheadings 8479.10 through 8479.89 from any other subheading.

107. A change to subheading 8479.90 from any other subheading.

108. A change to headings 84.80 through 84.81 from any other heading.

109.

(A) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from any subheading outside that group, except from inner or outer

rings or races of subheading 8482.99; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80 from inner or outer rings or races of subheading 8482.99, whether
or not there is also a change from any subheading outside that group, provided that there is a regional value content of
not less than 40 percent under the build-up method.

110. A change to subheadings 8482.91 through 8482.99 from any other heading.

111. A change to subheading 8483.10 from any other subheading.

112. A change to subheading 8483.20 from any other subheading, except from subheadingss 8482.10 through 8482.80.

113.

114.

(A) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8483.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than 40 percent under the build up method.

(A) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from any subheading, except from subheadings 8482.10 through

8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10 through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8483.40 through 8483.50 from subheadings 8482.10 through 8482.80, 8482.99, 8483.10

through 8483.40, 8483.60 or 8483.90, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 40 percent under
the build up method.

115. A change to subheading 8483.60 from any other subheading.

116. A change to subheading 8483.90 from any other heading.

117. A change to subheadings 8484.10 through 8484.90 from any other subheading.

118. A change to heading 8485 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.854

Panama

Chapter 85.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 8501.10 from any other heading, except from stators or rotors of heading 8503; or

(B) A change to subheading 8501.10 from stators or rotors of heading 8503, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8501.20 through 8501.64 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8502 through 8503 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.23 from any subheading outside subheading 8504.10 through 8504.50.

(A) A change to subheading 8504.31 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8504.31 from subheading 8504.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8504.32 through 8504.50 from any subheading outside subheadings 8504.10 through 8504.50.

A change to subheading 8504.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 8505.11 through 8505.30 from any other subheading.

A change to subheading 8505.90 from any other heading.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. A change to subheadings 8506.10 through 8506.40 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheadings 8506.50 through 8506.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

12. A change to subheading 8506.90 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8507.10 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14. A change to subheadings 8507.20 through 8507.80 from any other subheading.

15. A change to subheading 8507.90 from any other heading.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 8509.10 through 8509.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8509.10 through 8509.80 from any other subheading, whether or not there is also a change

from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.855

Panama

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

17. A change to subheading 8509.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheadings 8510.10 through 8510.30 from any other subheading.

19. A change to subheading 8510.90 from any other heading.

20. A change to subheadings 8511.10 through 8511.80 from any other subheading.

21. A change to subheading 8511.90 from any other heading.

22. A change to subheadings 8512.10 through 8512.30 from any other subheading outside that group.

23.

(A) A change to subheading 8512.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8512.40 from subheading 8512.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

24. A change to subheading 8512.90 from any other heading.

25.

(A) A change to subheading 8513.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8513.10 from subheading 8513.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

26. A change to subheading 8513.90 from any other heading.

27. A change to subheadings 8514.10 through 8514.40 from any other subheading.

28. A change to subheading 8514.90 from any other heading.

29. A change to subheadings 8515.11 through 8515.80 from any other subheading outside that group.

30. A change to subheading 8515.90 from any other heading.

31. A change to subheadings 8516.10 through 8516.50 from any other subheading.

32.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.60 from any other subheading, except furniture, whether or not assembled, cooking

chambers, whether or not assembled, or the upper panel, whether or not with heating or control elements, of subheading
8516.90; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.60 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.856

Panama

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

33. A change to subheading 8516.71 from any other subheading.

34.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.72 from any other subheading, except from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90

or subheading 9032.10; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.72 from housings for toasters of subheading 8516.90 or subheading 9032.10, whether or

not there is also a change from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

35. A change to subheading 8516.79 from any other subheading.

36.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8516.80 from subheading 8516.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

37.

(A) A change to subheading 8516.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

38. A change to subheadings 8517.11 through 8517.80 from any other subheading.

39.

(A) A change to subheading 8517.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

40.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.10 through 8518.21 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

41.

(A) A change to subheading 8518.22 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.857

Panama

(B) A change to subheading 8518.22 from subheadings 8518.29 or 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from any

other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

42.

(A) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8518.29 through 8518.50 from subheading 8518.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

43. A change to subheading 8518.90 from any other heading.

44. A change to subheadings 8519.10 through 8519.40 from any other subheading.

45. A change to subheadings 8519.92 through 8519.93 from any other subheading outside that group.

46. A change to subheading 8519.99 from any other subheading.

47. A change to subheadings 8520.10 through 8520.20 from any other subheading.

48. A change to subheadings 8520.32 through 8520.33 from any other subheading outside that group.

49. A change to subheadings 8520.39 through 8524.99 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheadings 8525.10 through 8525.20 from any other subheading outside that group.

51. A change to subheadings 8525.30 through 8525.40 from any other subheading.

52. A change to subheadings 8526.10 through 8527.90 from any other subheading.

53. A change to subheading 8528.12 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

54. A change to subheading 8528.13 from any other subheading.

55. A change to subheading 8528.21 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20, 8540.11 or 8540.91.

56. A change to subheadings 8528.22 through 8528.30 from any other subheading.

57.

(A) A change to heading 8529 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for subheading 8529.90, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

58. A change to subheadings 8530.10 through 8530.80 from any other subheading.

59. A change to subheading 8530.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.858

Panama

60. A change to subheadings 8531.10 through 8531.80 from any other subheading.

61. A change to subheading 8531.90 from any other heading.

62. A change to subheadings 8532.10 through 8532.30 from any other subheading.

63. A change to subheading 8532.90 from any other heading.

64. A change to subheadings 8533.10 through 8533.40 from any other subheading.

65. A change to subheading 8533.90 from any other heading.

66.

(A) A change to heading 8534 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

67. A change to subheadings 8535.10 through 8536.90 from any other subheading.

68. A change to headings 8537 through 8538 from any other heading.

69. A change to subheadings 8539.10 through 8539.49 from any other subheading.

70. A change to subheading 8539.90 from any other heading.

71. A change to subheading 8540.11 from any other subheading, except from subheadings 7011.20 or 8540.91.

72. A change to subheading 8540.12 from any other subheading.

73.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 8540.20 from subheadings 8540.91 through 8540.99, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

74. A change to subheadings 8540.40 through 8540.60 from any other subheading outside that group.

75. A change to subheadings 8540.71 through 8540.89 from any other subheading.

76.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.91 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to front panel assemblies of subheading 8540.91 from any other good, including a good in that heading.

77.

(A) A change to subheading 8540.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.859

Panama

78.

(A) A change to assembled semiconductor devices, integrated circuits or microassemblies of subheading 8541.10 through
8542.90 from unmounted chips, wafers or dice of subheading 8541.10 through 8542.90 or from any other subheading;
or

(B) A change to any other goods of subheading 8541.10 through 8542.90 from any other subheading; or

(C) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

79. A change to subheadings 8543.11 through 8543.19 from any other subheading outside that group.

80. A change to subheadings 8543.20 through 8543.30 from any other subheading.

81. A change to subheadings 8543.40 through 8543.89 from any other subheading outside that group.

82. A change to subheading 8543.90 from any other heading.

83. A change to subheading 8544.11 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

84. A change to subheading 8544.19 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

85.

(A) A change to subheading 8544.20 from any subheading outside subheading 8544.11 through 8544.60, except from

headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614; or

(B) A change to subheading 8544.20 from headings 7408, 7413, 7605 or 7614, whether or not there is also a change from

any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

86. A change to subheading 8544.30 from any other subheading.

87. A change to subheadings 8544.41 through 8544.49 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value

content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

88. A change to subheadings 8544.51 through 8544.59 from any heading.

89. A change to subheadings 8544.60 through 8544.70 from any other subheading, provided that there is also a regional value

content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.860

Panama

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

90. A change to subheadings 8545.11 through 8545.90 from any other subheading.

91. A change to heading 8546 from any other heading.

92. A change to subheadings 8547.10 through 8547.90 from any other subheading.

93. A change to heading 8548 from any other heading.

Chapter 86.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

A change to headings 8601 through 8602 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from any other heading, except from heading 8607; or

(B) A change to headings 8603 through 8606 from heading 8607, whether or not there is also a change from any other

heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8607.11 through 8607.12 from any subheading outside that group.

(A) A change to axles of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles of subheading 8607.19; or

(B) A change to wheels, whether or not fitted with axles, of subheading 8607.19 from parts of axles or parts of wheels of

subheading 8607.19; or

(C) A change to subheading 8607.19 from any other subheading; or

(D) No change in tariff to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 8607.21 through 8607.99 from any other heading.

A change to headings 8608 through 8609 from any other heading.

Chapter 87.

1. No change in tariff classification to a good of headings 8701 through 8706 is required, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method,

(B) 50 percent under the build-down method, or

(C) 35 percent under the net cost method.

2.

(A) A change to heading 8707 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.861

Panama

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such heading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method,

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method, or

(3) 35 percent under the net cost method.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 8708.10 through 8708.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method,

(2) 50 percent under the build-down method, or

(3) 35 percent under the net cost method.

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8709.11 through 8709.19 from subheading 8709.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

5.

6.

7.

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 8709.90 from any other heading.

A change to heading 8710 from any other heading.

(A) A change to heading 8711 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8711 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

8.

(A) A change to heading 8712 from any other heading, except from heading 8714; or

(B) A change to heading 8712 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided

that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to heading 8713 from heading 8714, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading, provided that
there is a regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.862

Panama

10. A change to headings 8714 through 8715 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 8716.10 through 8716.80 from subheading 8716.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 8716.90 from any other heading.

Chapter 88.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 8801.10 through 8803.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 8804 through 8805 from any other heading.

Chapter 89.

1.

(A) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other chapter; or

2.

3.

(B) A change to headings 8901 through 8902 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 8903 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 8904 through 8905 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

A change to headings 8906 through 8908 from any other heading.

Chapter 90.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9001.10 from any other chapter, except from heading 7002; or

(B) A change to subheading 9001.10 from heading 7002, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

3.

A change to subheadings 9001.20 through 9001.90 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9002.11 through 9002.90 from any other heading, except from heading 9001.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.863

Panama

4.

(A) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9003.90; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9003.11 through 9003.19 from subheading 9003.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9003.90 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9004.10 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9004.90 from any other heading, except from subheadings 9001.40 or 9001.50.

A change to subheading 9005.10 from any other subheading.

(A) A change to subheading 9005.80 from any subheading, except from headings 9001 through 9002 or subheading 9005.90;

or

(B) A change to subheading 9005.80 from subheading 9005.90, provided there is a regional value content of not less than:

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10. A change to subheading 9005.90 from any other heading.

11.

(A) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.69 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9006.10 through 9006.69 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheadings 9006.91 through 9006.99 from any other heading.

13.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.11 through 9007.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9007.11 through 9007.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to subheadings 9007.91 through 9007.92 from any other heading; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.864

Panama

(B) No change in tariff classification is required for subheading 9007.92, provided that there is a regional value content of

not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 40 percent under the build-down method.

15.

(A) A change to subheadings 9008.10 through 9008.40 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9008.10 through 9008.40 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

16. A change to subheading 9008.90 from any other heading.

17. A change to subheading 9009.11 from any other subheading.

18.

(A) A change to subheading 9009.12 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9009.91; or

(B) A change to subheading 9009.12 from subheading 9009.91, whether or not there is also a change from any other

subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

19. A change to subheadings 9009.21 through 9009.30 from any other subheading.

20. A change to subheadings 9009.91 through 9009.93 from any other subheading outside that group.

21.

(A) A change to subheading 9009.99 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

22.

(A) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9010.10 through 9010.60 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

23. A change to subheading 9010.90 from any other heading.

24.

(A) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9011.10 through 9011.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.865

Panama

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

25. A change to subheading 9011.90 from any other heading.

26.

(A) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheading 9012.10 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

27. A change to subheading 9012.90 from any other heading.

28.

(A) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9013.10 through 9013.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

29. A change to subheading 9013.90 from any other heading.

30.

(A) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9014.10 through 9014.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

31. A change to subheading 9014.90 from any other heading.

32.

(A) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9015.10 through 9015.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

33.

(A) A change to subheading 9015.90 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.866

Panama

34. A change to heading 9016 from any other heading.

35.

(A) A change to subheadings 9017.10 through 9022.90 from any other subheading; or

(B) No change in tariff classification to a good of such subheadings is required, provided that there is a regional value content

of not less than:

(1) 30 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 35 percent under the build-down method.

36. A change to heading 9023 from any other heading.

37.

(A) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9024.10 through 9024.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

38. A change to subheading 9024.90 from any other heading.

39.

(A) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9025.11 through 9025.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

40. A change to subheading 9025.90 from any other heading.

41.

(A) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9026.10 through 9026.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

42. A change to subheading 9026.90 from any other heading.

43.

(A) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9027.10 through 9027.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

44. A change to subheading 9027.90 from any other heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.867

Panama

45.

(A) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9028.10 through 9028.30 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

46. A change to subheading 9028.90 from any other heading.

47.

(A) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9029.10 through 9029.20 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

48. A change to subheading 9029.90 from any other heading.

49. A change to subheadings 9030.10 through 9030.89 from any other subheading.

50. A change to subheading 9030.90 from any other heading.

51.

(A) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to coordinate measuring machines of subheading 9031.49 from any other good except from bases and frames

for the goods of the same subheading; or

(C) A change to subheadings 9031.10 through 9031.80 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

52. A change to subheading 9031.90 from any other heading.

53.

(A) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9032.10 through 9032.89 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value

content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

54. A change to subheading 9032.90 from any other heading.

55. A change to heading 9033 from any other heading.

Chapter 91.

1.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.11 from any other chapter; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.868

Panama

(B) A change to subheading 9101.11 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.12 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.12 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

3.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.19 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

4.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.21 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

5.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.29 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

6.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.91 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

7.

(A) A change to subheading 9101.99 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9101.99 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.869

Panama

8.

(A) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9102 through 9107 from heading 9114, whether or not there is also a change from any other

chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

(A) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9108 through 9110 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

10.

(A) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9111.10 through 9111.80 from subheading 9111.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

11.

(A) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9111.90 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

12. A change to subheading 9112.20 from subheading 9112.90, whether or not there is also a change from any other heading,

provided that there is regional value content of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

13.

(A) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9112.90 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

14.

(A) A change to heading 9113 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to heading 9113 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.870

Panama

15. A change to heading 9114 from any other heading.

Chapter 92.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9201 through 9208 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

2.

A change to heading 9209 from any other heading.

Chapter 93.

1.

(A) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to headings 9301 through 9304 from any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not

less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 9305 from any other heading.

A change to headings 9306 through 9307 from any other chapter.

2.

3.

Chapter 94.

1.

2.

3.

4.

A change to heading 94.01 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9402.10 through 9402.90 from any other subheading, provided that there is a regional value content
of not less than:

(A) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(B) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to heading 9403 from any other heading.

A change to subheadings 9404.10 through 9404.30 from any other chapter.

Subheading rule: A textile good of subheading 9404.90 shall be considered originating if it is cut or knit to shape, or both,
and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both, and if the component that
determines the tariff classification of the good is wholly of:

(i)

one or more fabrics listed in U.S. note 39 to subchapter XXII, chapter 98 of the tariff schedule;

(ii)

one or more fabrics or knit-to-shape components formed in the territory of Panama or of the United States, or both from
one or more of the yarns listed in such U.S. note 39 to subchapter XXII, chapter 98; or

(iii) any combination of the fabrics referred to in subparagraph (i), the fabrics or knit-to-shape components referred to in

subparagraph (ii) or one or more fabrics or knit-to-shape components originating under such U.S. note 39 to subchapter
XXII, chapter 98.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.871

Panama

The originating fabrics or knit-to-shape components referred to in subdivision (iii) of this rule may contain up to ten percent by
weight of fibers or yarns that do not undergo an applicable change in tariff classification set out in such U.S. note 39 to
subchapter XXII, chapter 98 of the tariff schedule. Any elastomeric yarn contained in an originating fabric or knit-to-shape
component referred to in subdivision (iii) must be wholly formed and finished in the territory of Panama or of the United States,
or both.

A change to subheading 9404.90 from any other chapter, except from headings 5007, 5111 through 5113, 5208 through 5212,
5309 through 5311, 5407 through 5408 or 5512 through 5516 or subheading 6307.90.

(A) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9405.10 through 9405.60 from subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99, whether or not there is

also a change from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheadings 9405.91 through 9405.99 from any other heading.

A change to heading 9406 from any other chapter.

5.

6.

7.

8.

Chapter 95.

1.

2.

3.

A change to heading 9501 from any other chapter.

A change to heading 9502 from any other heading.

(A) A change to headings 9503 through 9508 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheading 9506.31 from subheading 9506.39, whether or not there is also a change from any other chapter,

provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Chapter 96.

1.

2.

A change to headings 9601 through 9605 from any other chapter.

(A) A change to subheading 9606.10 from any other heading; or

(B) No change in tariff to a good of such subheading is required, provided that there is a regional value content of not less

than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

3.

(A) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.29 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9606.21 through 9606.29 from subheading 9606.30, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

GN p.872

Panama

4.

5.

6.

7.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

A change to subheading 9606.30 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9607.11 through 9607.19 from subheading 9607.20, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

A change to subheading 9607.20 from any other heading.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.10 through 9608.20 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, whether or not there is

also a change from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than 30 percent under
the build-down method.

8.

(A) A change to subheadings 9608.31 through 9608.50 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9608.31 through 9608.50 from subheadings 9608.60 through 9608.99, whether or not there is

also a change from any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

9.

A change to subheading 9608.60 from any other heading.

10. A change to subheading 9608.91 from any other subheading.

11. A change to subheading 9608.99 from any other heading.

12.

(A) A change to subheadings 9609.10 through 9609.90 from any other heading; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9609.10 through 9609.90 from subheading 9609.20, whether or not there is also a change from

any other heading, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

13. A change to headings 9610 through 9611 from any other heading.

14. A change to subheading 9612.10 from any other chapter.

15. A change to subheading 9612.20 from any other heading.

16.

(A) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9613.10 through 9613.80 from subheading 9613.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.873

Japan

17. A change to subheading 9613.90 from any other heading.

18. A change to subheading 9614.20 from any other subheading, except from subheading 9614.90.

19. A change to subheading 9614.90 from any other heading.

20.

(A) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from any other chapter; or

(B) A change to subheadings 9615.11 through 9615.19 from subheading 9615.90, whether or not there is also a change from

any other chapter, provided that there is a regional value content of not less than:

(1) 35 percent under the build-up method, or

(2) 45 percent under the build-down method.

21. A change to subheading 9615.90 from any other heading.

22. A change to heading 9616 from any other heading.

23. A change to heading 9617 from any other chapter.

24. A change in heading 9618 from any other heading.

Chapter 97.

1.

2.

A change to subheadings 9701.10 through 9701.90 from any other subheading.

A change to headings 9702 through 9706 from any other heading.

36. Trade Agreement between the United States and Japan.

(a) Originating goods under the terms of the Trade Agreement between the United States and Japan, entered into on October 7, 2019,
are subject to duty as provided herein and in subchapter XXI of chapter 99 of the tariff schedule. For the purposes of this note,
originating goods of Japan, as defined in Annex II of the Trade Agreement between the United States and Japan, that are imported
into the customs territory of the United States and entered under a provision for which a rate of duty appears in the “Special”
subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol “JP” in parentheses are eligible for the tariff treatment, and any applicable quantitative
limitations, set forth in the “Special” subcolumn of Rates of Duty column 1.

(b) Documentation and action upon claims under this note.

(i)

An importer may make a claim for preferential tariff treatment for a good under the terms of this note based on the importer’s
knowledge or on information in the importer’s possession that the good is originating.

(ii) For the purposes of claiming preferential tariff treatment, the importer shall make a statement, forming part of the import

documentation, declaring that the good qualifies as an originating good.

(iii)

(The importer shall be prepared to submit, upon request by the appropriate customs officer, a supporting statement setting
forth the basis for its claim that the good qualifies as an originating good. The statement need not be in a prescribed formant
[Compiler's note: probably should read “format”] and may be submitted electronically, where feasible.

(iv) The appropriate customs officer may conduct a verification for purposes of determining whether a good qualifies for preferential
tariff treatment, by, for example, requesting that the importer provide additional information or other information relevant to
that verification.

(v) A claim for preferential tariff treatment may be denied if:

(A) U.S. Customs and Border Protection determines that the good does not qualify for preferential tariff treatment;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.874

Gen. Stat. Notes

(B) pursuant to this note, U.S. Customs and Border Protection has not received sufficient information to determine that the

good qualifies for preferential tariff treatment; or

(C)

the importer fails to comply with the requirements of this note and applicable customs regulations.

1.

Statistical Requirements for Imported Goods.

GENERAL STATISTICAL NOTES

(a) Persons making customs entry or withdrawal of goods imported into the customs territory of the United States shall complete the
entry summary or withdrawal forms, as provided herein and in regulations issued pursuant to law, to provide for statistical purposes
information as follows:

(i)

(ii)

the number of the Customs district and of the port where the goods are being entered for consumption or warehouse, as shown
in Statistical Annex A of the tariff schedule;

the name of the vessel or the name of the airline, or in the case of shipment by other than vessel or air, the means of
transportation by which the goods first arrived in the United States;

(iii)

the foreign port of lading;

(iv)

the U.S. port of unlading for vessel and air shipments;

(v)

the date of importation;

(vi)

the country of origin of the goods expressed in terms of the designation therefor in Statistical Annex B of the tariff schedule;

(vii) the country of exportation expressed in terms of the designation therefor in Statistical Annex B of the tariff schedule;

(viii) the date of exportation;

(ix) a description of the goods in sufficient detail to permit the classification thereof under the proper statistical reporting number

in the tariff schedule;

(x)

the statistical reporting number under which the goods are classifiable, including the appropriate symbol placed as a prefix to
the statistical reporting number when claiming special tariff treatment as provided for in general note 3(c)(i) (asterisks, however,
are not to be reported with or in place of the symbol prefix, e.g. for the Generalized System of Preferences only the "A" and
not the asterisk shall be reported);

(xi) gross weight in kilograms for the goods covered by each reporting number for all modes of transportation;

(xii) the net quantity in the units specified herein for the classification involved and with the units noted;

(xiii) the U.S. dollar value in accordance with the definition of section 402 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, for all merchandise

including that free of duty or dutiable at specific rates;

(xiv) the aggregate cost (not including U.S. import duty, if any), in U.S. dollars, of freight, insurance and all other charges, costs

and expenses (each of which charges, costs and expenses shall be separately itemized on or attached to the related invoice)
incurred (except as provided below) in bringing the merchandise from alongside the carrier at the port of exportation in the
country of exportation and placing it alongside the carrier at the first U.S. port of entry. In the case of overland shipments
originating in Canada or Mexico, such costs shall include freight, insurance, and all other charges, costs and expenses incurred
in brining the merchandise from the point of origin (where the merchandise begins its journey to the United States) in Canada
or Mexico to the first U.S. port of entry; and

(xv) such other information with respect to the imported goods as is provided for elsewhere in the tariff schedule.

(b) For the purpose of paragraph (a), the following provisions shall govern:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.875

Gen. Stat. Notes

(i)

(ii)

the country of exportation shall be the country of origin except when the merchandise while located in a third country is the
subject of a new purchase in which event the third country shall be regarded and reported as the country of exportation, and
the date of exportation from the third country shall be regarded and reported as the date of exportation; and

if for the purposes of subparagraph (xiv) of subdivision (a) actual amounts cannot be provided, the person making the entry
or withdrawal shall provide reasonable estimates of such information. The use of an estimate for statistical purposes does not
relieve the person making the entry or withdrawal from obtaining the necessary information for similar future transactions. For
Customs purposes, estimates shall not be used in declaring the value of merchandise in accordance with section 402 of the
Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by the Trade Agreements Act of 1979. Therefore, when the price of goods includes freight,
insurance and other charges (e.g., the terms of sale are CIF), estimates of those charges reported pursuant to this note may
not be deducted from the price to arrive at the value declared to the Customs Service. However, when the actual charges are
known, they must be excluded to arrive at the declared value.

(c)

(i) Goods of a country with which the United States has a free trade agreement, that meet the terms of that agreement, when
marked or eligible to be marked with their country of origin, and entered with any of the following special program indicators
(SPIs) prefacing the 10-digit HTS number are exempt from the Merchandise Processing Fee (MPF):

United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement................................................................................................
United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act..................................................................
United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement......................................................................................................
United States-Colombia Free Trade Agreement...............................................................................................
North American Free Trade Agreement: Goods of Canada..............................................................................
North American Free Trade Agreement: Goods of Mexico...............................................................................
United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.....................................................................
United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.....................................................................
Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act...................

AU
BH
CL
CO
CA
MX
KR
OM
P or
P+

United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act........................................................
United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act..............................................................
United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement..............................................................................................

PA
PE
SG

(ii) Products of Israel, of U.S. insular possessions, of beneficiary countries under the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act

and of least-developed beneficiary countries under the Generalized System of Preferences, when the foregoing products are
marked or eligible to be marked with their country of origin, are exempt from the Merchandise Processing Fee (MPF) when
entered using any of the following Special Program Indicators (SPIs) as a prefix to the 10-digit HTS number:

United States-Israel Free Trade Agreement.....................................................................
Insular Possessions of the United States.........................................................................
Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act.......................................................................
Generalized System of Preferences.................................................................................

IL
Y
E or E*
A, A* or A+

(iii) Goods of Canada, when marked or eligible to be marked with their country of origin, that comply with the terms of the Automotive
Products Trade are exempt from the Merchandise Processing Fee (MPF) when entered with the SPI “B#” prefacing the 10-digit
HTS number.

(Iv) Goods that are---

(1) originating goods of a party to a free trade agreement or trade promotion agreement, or

(2) products of a country that is eligible for a special tariff program under the applicable general note for such program,

when any such agreement or program is enumerated in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule and when such agreement
or program has been accorded an exemption from the MPF, can be imported without payment of the MPF when such goods
are entered using any of the SPIs below as a prefix to the 10-digit HTS number, provided that such goods are otherwise
imported in compliance with the applicable agreement:

Agreement on Trade in Civil Aircraft.................................................................................................................
Insular Possessions of the United States ........................................................................................................
Uruguay Round Concessions on Intermediate Chemicals for Dyes.................................................................

C#
K#
L#

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.876

Gen. Stat. Notes

2.

Statistical Annotations.

(a) The statistical annotations to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States consist of--

(i)

the 2-digit statistical suffixes and any article descriptions applicable thereto,

(ii)

the indicated units of quantity, and

(iii)

the statistical notes and annexes.

(b) The legal text of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the Unites States consists of the remaining text as more specifically identified

in the general rules of interpretation.

3.

Statistical Reporting Number.

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this note, and in the absence of specific instructions to the contrary elsewhere, the statistical
reporting number for an article consists of the 10-digit number formed by combining the 8-digit subheading number with the
appropriate 2-digit statistical suffix. Thus, the statistical reporting number for live monkeys dutiable under subheading 0106.00.50
is "0106.00.5010".

(b) Whenever in the tariff schedule an article is classifiable under a provision which derives its rate of duty from a different provision,

the statistical reporting number is, in the absence of specific instructions to the contrary elsewhere, the 10-digit number for the basic
provision followed by the 10-digit subheading number of the provision from which the rate is derived. Thus, the statistical reporting
number for certain mountings for optical telescopes is "9005.90.8000-9005.80.4040". If multiple statistical reporting numbers are
shown for the subheading from which the duty rate is derived and the shipment contains articles covered by more than one statistical
reporting number from the subheading, then report the last applicable statistical reporting number only.

(c)

(i) Goods of a country with which the United States has a free trade agreement, that meet the terms of that agreement, when
marked or eligible to be marked with their country of origin, and entered with any of the following special program indicators
(SPIs) prefacing the 10-digit HTS number are exempt from the Merchandise Processing Fee (MPF):

United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement................................................................................................
United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act..................................................................
United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement......................................................................................................
United States-Colombia Free Trade Agreement...............................................................................................
North American Free Trade Agreement: Goods of Canada..............................................................................
North American Free Trade Agreement: Goods of Mexico...............................................................................
United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.....................................................................
United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement

United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.....................................................................
Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act...................

AU
BH
CL
CO
CA
MX
KR
S or
S+
OM
P or
P+

United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act........................................................
United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act..............................................................
United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement..............................................................................................

PA
PE
SG

(ii) Goods of Israel, when marked or eligible to be marked with their country of origin, are exempt from the Merchandise Processing

Fee (MPF) when entered with the Special Program Indicator (SPI) “IL” prefacing the 10-digit HTS number.

(iii) Goods of Canada, when marked or eligible to be marked with their country of origin, that comply with the terms of the Automotive
Products Trade Act are exempt from the Merchandise Processing Fee (MPF) when entered with the Special Program Indicator
(SPI) “B#” prefacing the 10-digit HTS number.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.877

Gen. Stat. Notes

(iv) Goods of a country with which the United States has a free trade agreement that provides the Merchandise Processing Fee
(MPF) exemption, when marked or eligible to be marked with their country of origin, are exempt from the MPF when in
compliance with the following preference programs and entered with any of the following Special Program Indicators (SPIs)
prefacing the 10-digit HTS number:

Agreement on Trade in Civil Aircraft.................................................................................................................
Agreement on Trade in Pharmaceutical Products............................................................................................
Uruguay Round Concessions on Intermediate Chemicals for Dyes.................................................................

C#
K#
L#

(d) Whenever a claim is made for special tariff treatment under one of the following programs, the statistical reporting number is, in

absence of specific instructions to the contrary elsewhere, the 10-digit number prefixed by the appropriate symbol indicated below:

Products covered by general note 3(a)(v) to the tariff schedule.......................................................................
Products of Puerto Rico (advanced in value or improved in condition in a CBERA beneficiary country (see

N
W

19 U.S.C. 2703(a)(5)).....................................................................................................................................
Products of Insular Possessions......................................................................................................................
Articles from the Freely Associated States.......................................................................................................

Y
Z

(e) Whenever in the tariff schedule goods are classified as a set in accordance with General Rules of Interpretation 3(b) or 3(c), the

set is to be identified by placing the prefix "X" in front of the statistical reporting numbers applicable to the set.

4.

Abbreviations.

(a) An "X" appearing in the column for units of quantity means that no quantity (other than gross weight) is to be reported.

(b) Whenever two separate units of quantity are shown for the same article, the value of the article is to be reported with the first unit
of quantity shown, unless there is a "v" following the second unit of quantity in which case the value of the article is to be reported
with that unit of quantity.

(c) The unit of measure to be used by Customs and Border Protection (CBP) field offices when reporting imports of textiles to CBP
Headquarters Quota Branch shall be the first unit of quantity unless the second unit of quantity (if there is one) is underlined, in
which case the second unit of quantity shall be reported.

(d) The following symbols and abbreviations are used with the meanings respectively indicated below:

A
Ag g
Au g
Co kg
Cr kg
Cr2O3 t
Cu kg
Dz Pcs
GBq
Ir g
ISRI
Jwls.
kg amc
kg msc
kg ttl sug
MBq
Mg kg
Mn kg
Mo kg
MWh
NaOh kg
NaOH t
NH3 t
Ni kg

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

Amperes
Silver content in grams
Gold content in grams
Cobalt content in kilograms
Chromium content in kilograms
Chromic oxide content in tons
Copper content in kilograms
Dozen Pieces
gigabecquerels
Iridium content in grams
Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries
Number of dutiable jewels
Anhydrous morphine content in kilograms
Milk solids content in kilograms
Total sugars content in kilograms
megabecquerels
Magnesium content in kilograms
Manganese content in kilograms
Molybdenum content in kilograms
Megawatt hours
Sodium hydroxide content in kilograms
Sodium hydroxide content in tons
Ammonia content in tons
Nickel content in kilograms

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

GN p.878

Gen. Stat. Notes

ode
Os g
Pb kg
Pd g
Pt g
Rh g
Ru g
Sb kg
Si kg
Sn t
t dwb
t adw
V kg
V2O5 kg
W kg
Zn kg
1000 m3

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

ozone depletion equivalent
Osmium content in grams
Lead content in kilograms
Palladium content in grams
Platinum content in grams
Rhodium content in grams
Ruthemium content in grams
Antimony content in kilograms
Silicon content in kilograms
Tin content in tons
Dry weight basis in tons
Air dry weight in tons
Vanadium content in kilograms
Vanadium pentoxide content in kilograms
Tungsten content in kilograms
Zinc content in kilograms
Thousand cubic meters

5. Reporting of exports.

Except as noted below, the statistical reporting numbers for articles classified in chapters 1 through 97 of this schedule may be used in
place of comparable Schedule B numbers on the Shipper's Export Declaration. Statistical reporting numbers for articles covered by
chapters 98 and 99 of this schedule may only be used on import entries. Schedule B numbers may not be reported on import entries in
place of HTS numbers. Statistical reporting numbers used on the Shipper's Export Declaration should not include any symbols in the
form of prefixes used to denote special tariff treatment.

6.

For the purposes of the tariff schedule, the expression "certified organic" refers to a fresh or processed agricultural product that is certified
to:

(a) The United States Department of Agriculture National Organic Program Regulation (7 CFR 205),

(b) The Canadian Food Inspection Agency Act and Safe Food for Canadians Regulations ((SFCR) 2019),

(c) The European Union (EU) Council Regulation (EC) No. 834/2007 and Commission Regulations (EC) No. 889/2008 and 1235/2008,

(d) The Japanese Agricultural Standard (JAS) for Organic Plants (Notification No. 1605 of 2005), the JAS for Organic Processed Foods

(Notification No. 1606 of 2005) and JAS for Organic Livestock (Notification No.1608 of 2005),

(e) The Republic of Korea Act on Promotion of Environmentally-Friendly Agriculture and Fisheries and Management of and Support

for Organic Food, and its implementing regulations for processed foods,

(f)

The Swiss Ordinance on Organic Farming and the Labeling of Organically Produced Products and Foodstuffs (910.18) and Federal
Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research (EAER) Ordinance on Organic Farming of 22 September 1997 (910.181)
and its regulations,

(g) The Taiwan Council of Agriculture, Organic Agriculture Promotion Act and Enforcement Rules for the Organic Agriculture Promotion

Act of 2019, or

(h) The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (“UK”) Council Regulation (EC) No 834/2007 and Commission Regulations

(EC) No 889/2008 and 1235/2008.

NOTICE TO EXPORTERS   

For reporting electronic export information in the Automated Export System (AES), the 
statistical reporting numbers in the HTS (with their respective descriptions and units of 
quantity) for articles falling in chapters 1 through 97 may be used in place of those in the 
Schedule B, except as noted below. 

The following provisions should be used for export reporting purposes in lieu of the 
corresponding provisions in the HTS: 

Description 

Schedule B 
Number 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

Hearts of bovine animals, frozen 
Kidneys of bovine animals, frozen 
Brains of bovine animals, frozen 
Sweetbreads of bovine animals, frozen 
Lips of bovine animals, frozen 
Other edible offal of bovine animals, not elsewhere specified 
or included (except tongues and livers), frozen 
Tongues of swine, frozen 
Hearts of swine, frozen 
Feet of swine, frozen 
Head meat of swine, frozen 
Skins of swine, frozen 
Other edible offal of swine, not elsewhere specified or 
included (except livers), frozen 
Leg quarters of chickens, frozen 
Legs (except leg quarters) of chickens, frozen 
Wings or wing tips of chickens, or parts thereof, frozen 
Paws (feet) of chickens, frozen 
Other edible offal of chickens, not elsewhere specified or 
included, frozen 
Meat cuts of chickens, not elsewhere specified or included, 
frozen 
Legs of turkeys, with bone, frozen 
Leg meat of turkeys, without bone, frozen 
Wings of turkeys or parts thereof, frozen 
Breasts of turkeys or parts thereof, frozen 
Other edible offal of turkeys, not elsewhere specified or 
included, frozen 
Meat cuts of turkeys, not elsewhere specified or included, 
frozen 
Pacific Ocean perch, frozen, excluding fish fillets and other fish 
meat of heading 0304 
Other scorpionfish, frozen, excluding fish fillets and other 
fish meat of heading 0304 

0206.29.0010 
0206.29.0020 
0206.29.0030 
0206.29.0040 
0206.29.0050 
0206.29.0090 

0206.49.0010 
0206.49.0020 
0206.49.0030 
0206.49.0040 
0206.49.0050 
0206.49.0090 

0207.14.0010 
0207.14.0025 
0207.14.0030 
0207.14.0045 
0207.14.0050 

0207.14.0090 

0207.27.0010 
0207.27.0025 
0207.27.0030 
0207.27.0045 
0207.27.0050 

0207.27.0090 

0303.89.6150 

0303.89.6160 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 

 
 
 
 
 
Description 

Schedule B 
Number 
0303.89.6197 

0701.90.0050 

0401.20.1000 

0401.20.5000 

0409.00.0025 
0409.00.0055 
0504.00.0050 
0504.00.0070 
0504.00.0080 
0504.00.0090 

Other fish, not elsewhere specified or included, frozen, 
excluding fish fillets and other fish meat of heading 0304 
Milk and cream, labeled as certified organic, not concentrated 
nor containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, of a 
fat content, by weight, exceeding 1 percent but not exceeding 
6 percent 
Milk and cream, not concentrated nor containing added sugar 
or other sweetening matter, of a fat content, by weight, 
exceeding 1 percent but not exceeding 6 percent, not 
elsewhere specified or included 
Comb honey and honey packaged for retail sale 
Other natural honey 
Beef tripe, frozen 
Beef intestines, frozen 
Pork intestines, frozen 
Other guts, bladders and stomachs of animals (other than 
fish), not elsewhere specified or included, whole and pieces 
thereof, fresh, chilled, frozen, salted, in brine, dried or smoked 
Potatoes, fresh or chilled, in immediate containers of not over 
1200 kg net weight 
Potatoes, certified organic, fresh or chilled 
Potatoes, fresh or chilled, not certified organic 
Cherry tomatoes, certified organic, fresh or chilled 
Other tomatoes, certified organic, fresh or chilled 
Cherry tomatoes, fresh or chilled, not certified organic 
Other tomatoes, fresh or chilled, not certified organic 
Onion sets, certified organic, fresh or chilled 
Onion sets, fresh or chilled, not certified organic 
Cauliflower and headed broccoli, certified organic, fresh or 
chilled 
Cauliflower and headed broccoli, fresh or chilled, not certified 
organic 
Cabbage, certified organic, fresh or chilled 
Cabbage, fresh or chilled, not certified organic 
Head lettuce (cabbage lettuce), certified organic, fresh or 
chilled 
Head lettuce (cabbage lettuce), fresh or chilled, not certified 
organic 
Other lettuce (lactuca sativa), certified organic, packaged fresh 
salad cut mixes, of a weight not exceeding 1 kg 
Other lettuce (lactuca sativa), certified organic, packaged fresh 
salad cut mixes, of a weight exceeding 1 kg 
Other lettuce (lactuca sativa), certified organic, fresh or chilled  0705.19.0040 
0705.19.0050 
Other lettuce, fresh or chilled, not certified organic 

0701.90.0070 
0701.90.0080 
0702.00.0015 
0702.00.0035 
0702.00.0045 
0702.00.0065 
0703.10.0010 
0703.10.0050 
0704.10.0010 

0704.90.2010 
0704.90.2050 
0705.11.0010 

0705.19.0030 

0705.11.0050 

0705.19.0020 

0704.10.0050 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

kg 

liters 

liters 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 
kg 

 
 
Description 

Carrots, certified organic, of a length not exceeding 11 cm 
Other carrots, certified organic, fresh or chilled 
Carrots, fresh or chilled, not certified organic 
Beets, certified organic 
Beets, not certified organic 
Salsify, celeriac, radishes and similar edible roots, fresh or 
chilled 
Peas, certified organic, shelled or unshelled, fresh or chilled 
Peas, shelled or unshelled, fresh or chilled, not certified 
organic 
Celery except celeriac, certified organic, fresh or chilled 
Celery except celeriac, fresh or chilled, not certified organic 
Peppers or pimenta (e.g., allspice), certified organic, fresh or 
chilled 
Peppers or pimenta (e.g., allspice), fresh or chilled, not 
certified organic 
Spinach, certified organic, fresh or chilled 
Spinach, fresh or chilled, not certified organic 
Pink kidney beans, dried, shelled, whether or not skinned or 
split, not of a kind used for sowing 
Other kidney beans (except navy or pea beans, dark and light 
red kidney beans and pink beans), dried, shelled, whether or 
not skinned or split, not of a kind used for sowing 
Cranberry beans, dried, shelled, whether or not skinned or 
split, not of a kind used for sowing 
Other beans, not elsewhere specified or included, dried, 
shelled, whether or not skinned or split, not of a kind used for 
sowing 
Grapefruit and pomelos, certified organic, fresh or dried 
Grapefruit and pomelos, fresh or dried, not certified organic 
Limes (citrus aurantifolia, citrus latifolia), certified organic, 
fresh or dried 
Limes (citrus aurantifolia, citrus latifolia), fresh or dried, not 
certified organic 
Watermelons, certified organic, fresh 
Watermelons, fresh, not certified organic 
Apples, certified organic, fresh 
Apples, fresh, not certified organic 
Cherries other than sour cherries, certified organic, fresh 
Cherries other than sour cherries, fresh, not certified organic 
Peaches, including nectarines, certified organic, fresh 
Peaches, including nectarines, fresh, not certified organic 
Raspberries, blackberries, mulberries and loganberries, 
certified organic, fresh 

Schedule B 
Number 
0706.10.3020 
0706.10.3030 
0706.10.3050 
0706.90.3100 
0706.90.3500 
0706.90.9000 

0708.10.1000 
0708.10.9000 

0709.40.0010 
0709.40.0050 
0709.60.0010 

0709.60.0050 

0709.70.0010 
0709.70.0050 
0713.33.5050 

0713.33.5070 

0713.39.5170 

0713.39.5190 

0805.40.0010 
0805.40.0050 
0805.50.5010 

0805.50.5090 

0807.11.1000 
0807.11.9000 
0808.10.0010 
0808.10.0050 
0809.29.0010 
0809.29.0050 
0809.30.1000 
0809.30.9000 
0810.20.2000 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
Kg 

kg 
kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

 
 
Description 

Raspberries, blackberries, mulberries and loganberries, fresh, 
not certified organic 
Yellow dent corn, U.S. No. 1 
Yellow dent corn, U.S. No. 2 
Yellow dent corn, U.S. No. 3 
Yellow dent corn, U.S. No. 4 
Yellow dent corn, other 
White corn 
Other corn (maize), (except seed, yellow dent, popcorn or 
white corn) 
Cotton seed of a kind used for animal feed 
Other cotton seeds 
Sorghum-Sudan grass seed 
Other grass seed (except beet, bent grass, Bermuda, birdsfoot 
trefoil, sorghum-sudan, sudan or wheatgrass) 
Pansy seeds cultivated principally for their flowers 
Seeds of herbaceous plants (except petunia or pansy seeds), 
cultivated principally for their flowers 
Food-grade crude corn (maize) oil 
Corn (maize) oil (except food grade) and its fractions, crude 
Sausages and similar products, of chicken meat, chicken offal 
or blood; food preparations based on these products 
Sausages and similar products, of poultry (except chickens), 
poultry offal or blood (except offal or blood of chickens); food 
preparations based on these products 
Sausages and similar products of meat (except poultry), meat 
products of meat (except poultry), meat offal or blood (except 
offal or blood of poultry); food preparations based on these 
products 
Paste of turkey (comminuted meat or mechanically separated 
turkey (MST)), prepared or preserved, not elsewhere specified 
or included 
Preformed turkey patties or similar products; pre-seasoned, 
pre-cooked or smoked turkey meat 
Prepared or preserved meat, offal or blood of turkeys, not 
elsewhere specified or included 
Paste of chicken (comminuted meat or mechanically separated 
chicken (MSC)), prepared or preserved, not elsewhere 
specified or included 
Preformed chicken patties or similar products; pre-seasoned, 
pre-cooked or smoked chicken meat 
Prepared or preserved meat, offal or blood of chickens, not 
elsewhere specified or included 

Schedule B 
Number 
0810.20.5000 

1005.90.2020 
1005.90.2030 
1005.90.2035 
1005.90.2045 
1005.90.2070 
1005.90.4055 
1005.90.4065 

1207.29.0010 
1207.29.0090 
1209.29.9150 
1209.29.9175 

1209.30.0020 
1209.30.0080 

1515.21.0010 
1515.21.0050 
1601.00.0010 

1601.00.0020 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

kg 

t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 
t 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 
kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

1601.00.0090 

kg 

1602.31.0030 

kg 

1602.31.0050 

1602.31.0090 

1602.32.0035 

1602.32.0050 

1602.32.0090 

kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 

 
 
Description 

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form, 
not elsewhere specified or included, refined from imported 
raw sugar and eligible for drawback, packaged for retail sale 
Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form, 
not elsewhere specified or included, refined from imported 
raw sugar and eligible for drawback, not packaged for retail 
sale 
Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose in solid form, 
not refined from imported raw sugar and eligible for drawback 
Mixes and doughs, not containing cocoa powder or containing 
cocoa powder in a proportion by weight of less than 40 
percent, for the preparation of cookies (sweet biscuits), 
waffles and wafers 
Mixes and doughs, not containing cocoa powder or containing 
cocoa powder in a proportion by weight of less than 40 
percent, for the preparation of pastries, cakes and similar 
sweet baked products (including gingerbread and the like), 
and puddings 
Mixes and doughs, not containing cocoa powder or containing 
cocoa powder in a proportion by weight of less than 40 
percent, for the preparation of bakers' wares of heading 1905, 
not elsewhere specified or included 
Homogenized vegetables, certified organic, prepared or 
preserved otherwise than by vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen, 
other than products of heading 2006 
Homogenized vegetables, prepared or preserved otherwise 
than by vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen, other than products 
of heading 2006, not certified organic 
Homogenized jams, fruit jellies, marmalades, fruit or nut puree 
and fruit or nut pastes, obtained by cooking, whether or not 
containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, certified 
organic 
Homogenized jams, fruit jellies, marmalades, fruit or nut puree 
and fruit or nut pastes, obtained by cooking, whether or not 
containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, not 
certified organic 
Popcorn put up in microwaveable packages 
Other nuts or seeds, not elsewhere specified or included, 
otherwise prepared or preserved 
Tomato sauces except ketchup, certified organic 
Tomato sauces except ketchup, not certified organic 
Textured soy protein concentrate 
Pea protein concentrate 
Other protein concentrates and textured protein substances 

Schedule B 
Number 
1701.99.2020 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

kg 

1701.99.2040 

kg 

1701.99.4000 

1901.20.0005 

kg 

kg 

1901.20.0015 

kg 

1901.20.0025 

kg 

2005.10.0010 

kg 

2005.10.0090 

kg 

2007.10.0010 

kg 

2007.10.0090 

kg 

2008.19.9050 
2008.19.9500 

2103.20.4010 
2103.20.4050 
2106.10.1000 
2106.10.5000 
2106.10.9000 

kg 
kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

 
 
Description 

Vinegar and substitutes for vinegar obtained from acetic acid, 
certified organic 
Vinegar and substitutes for vinegar obtained from acetic acid, 
not certified organic 
Dark-fired Kentucky and Tennessee tobacco other than 
cigarette leaf or cigar binder, not stemmed or stripped, not 
containing wrapper tobacco or not containing over 35 percent 
wrapper tobacco, not elsewhere specified or included 
Virginia fire-cured or sun-cured tobacco other than cigarette 
leaf or cigar binder, not stemmed or stripped, not containing 
wrapper tobacco or not containing over 35 percent wrapper 
tobacco, not elsewhere specified or included 
Other tobacco, not elsewhere specified or included, not 
stemmed or stripped, not containing wrapper tobacco or not 
containing over 35 percent wrapper tobacco 
Connecticut shade tobacco containing over 35 percent 
wrapper tobacco, partly or wholly stemmed or stripped, not 
threshed or similarly processed 
Other tobacco (except Connecticut shade) containing over 35 
percent wrapper tobacco, partly or wholly stemmed or 
stripped, not threshed or similarly processed 
Dark-fired Kentucky and Tennessee tobacco other than 
cigarette leaf or cigar binder, partly or wholly stemmed or 
stripped, not threshed or similarly processed, not containing 
wrapper tobacco or not containing over 35 percent wrapper 
tobacco 
Other tobacco, not elsewhere specified or included, partly or 
wholly stemmed or stripped, not threshed or similarly 
processed, not containing wrapper tobacco or not containing 
over 35 percent wrapper tobacco 
Dark-fired Kentucky and Tennessee tobacco other than 
cigarette leaf or cigar binder, threshed or similarly processed, 
partly or wholly stemmed or stripped 
Other tobacco, not elsewhere specified or included, threshed 
or similarly processed, partly or wholly stemmed or stripped 
Tobacco stems 
Other tobacco refuse (waste), including trimmings, scraps, 
cuttings and siftings 
Coke and semicoke of coal, commercially suitable for use as 
fuel 
Coke and semicoke of coal, not commercially suitable for use 
as fuel 
Natural gasoline derived wholly from natural gas 
Petroleum derived alkylate 

Schedule B 
Number 
2209.00.0010 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

liters 

2209.00.0050 

liters 

2401.10.8010 

kg 

2401.10.8020 

kg 

2401.10.9570 

kg 

2401.20.2020 

kg 

2401.20.2040 

kg 

2401.20.5040 

kg 

2401.20.5592 

kg 

2401.20.8040 

kg 

2401.20.8090 

2401.30.5000 
2401.30.9000 

2704.00.0010 

2704.00.0020 

2710.12.3500 
2710.12.9010 

kg 

kg 
kg 

t 

t 

Bbl 
Bbl 

 
 
Description 

Other mixtures of hydrocarbons, not elsewhere specified or 
included, which contain by weight not over 50 percent of any 
single hydrocarbon compound 
Heavy fuel oils under 25 degrees api having Saybolt viscosity at 
37.8 degrees centigrade of more than 125 seconds, containing 
not more than 1,000 ppm of sulfur 
Heavy fuel oils under 25 degrees api having Saybolt viscosity at 
37.8 degrees centigrade of more than 125 seconds, containing 
more than 1,000 ppm of sulfur but not more than 5,000 ppm 
of sulfur 
Heavy fuel oils under 25 degrees api having Saybolt viscosity at 
37.8 degrees centigrade of more than 125 seconds, containing 
more than 5,000 ppm of of sulfur but not more than 10,000 
ppm of sulfur 
Heavy fuel oils under 25 degrees api having Saybolt viscosity at 
37.8 degrees centigrade of more than 125 seconds, containing 
more than 10,000 ppm of sulfur 
Renewable fuels blends containing not less than 51 percent by 
volume of biofuel, as described in statistical note 6 to this chapter  
Other mixtures of hydrocarbons, not elsewhere specified or 
included, which contain by weight not over 50 percent of any 
single hydrocarbon compound 
Fluorides of potassium 
Other fluorides (except those of aluminum, ammonium, 
sodium or potassium) 
Ethane, saturated 
Normal butane (n-butane), saturated 
Isobutane (2-methylpropane), saturated 
Xylenols and their salts 
Other monophenols and their salts, not elsewhere specified or 
included 
Cyclic aldehydes without other oxygen function, odiferous or 
flavoring compounds 
Other cyclic aldehydes without other oxygen function, not 
odiferous or flavoring compounds 
Diethylamine and its salts 
Mono- and triethylamines and their salts; mono-, di- and tri- 
(propyl- and butyl-)monoamines and their salts 
Butaperazone maleate, chlorpromazine, etymemazine 
chlorhydrate, fluphenazine decanoate, fluphenazine 
enanthate, mesoridazine besylate, piperacetazine, 
prochlorperazine maleate, promazine hydrochloride, 
promethazine hydrochloride, 2-(trifluoromethyl)phenothiazine 
and trifluoroperazIne hydrochloride 

Schedule B 
Number 
2710.12.9090 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

Bbl 

2710.19.0621 

Bbl 

2710.19.0624 

Bbl 

2710.19.0626 

Bbl 

2710.19.0628 

Bbl 

2710.19.4550 

2710.19.4595 

Bbl 

Bbl 

2826.19.9010 
2826.19.9080 

2901.10.1010 
2901.10.1020 
2901.10.1030 
2907.19.7000 
2907.19.9000 

2912.29.0020 

2912.29.0090 

2921.19.1110 
2921.19.1150 

2934.30.1000 

kg 
kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 
kg 

kg 

 
 
Description 

Other compounds, not elsewhere specified or included, 
containing in the structure a phenothyazine ring-system 
(whether or not hydrogenated), not further fused, other than 
drugs 
Printing ink, black, news 
Printing ink, black, flexographic 
Printing ink, black, gravure 
Printing ink, black, letterpress 
Printing ink, black, offset lithographic 
Printing ink, black, not elsewhere specified or included 
Printing ink, other than black, news 
Printing ink, other than black, news 
Printing ink, other than black, flexographic 
Printing ink, other than black, gravure 
Printing ink, other than black, letterpress 
Printing ink, other than black, offset lithographic 
Printing ink, other than black, not elsewhere specified or 
included 
Textured soy protein isolate 
Other soy protein isolate 
Wheat protein isolate 
Pea protein isolate 
Other protein isolates 
Linear low density polyethylene resins having a specific gravity 
of less than 0.94 
Low density polyethylene resins having a specific gravity of 
less than 0.94 
Medium density polyethylene resins having a specific gravity 
of less than 0.94 
Yellow poplar (Liriodendron tulipifera) wood, in the rough, not 
treated 
Other poplar (except yellow poplar), aspen or cottonwood, in 
the rough, not treated, not elsewhere specified or included 
Cotton having staple length under 25.4 mm (1 inch), not 
carded or combed 
Cotton having staple length 25.4 mm (1 inch) or more but 
under 28.575 mm (1 1/8 inch), not carded or combed 
American Pima cotton having a staple length of 28.575 mm (1-
1/8 inches) or more, not carded or combed 
Other cotton (except American Pima) having a staple length of 
28.575 mm (1-1/8 inches) or more, not carded or combed 
Other articles of precious metal or of metal clad with precious 
metal, of gold 

Schedule B 
Number 
2934.30.5050 

3215.11.0010 
3215.11.0020 
3215.11.0030 
3215.11.0040 
3215.11.0050 
3215.11.0060 
3215.11.0060 
3215.19.0010 
3215.19.0020 
3215.19.0030 
3215.19.0040 
3215.19.0050 
3215.19.0060 

3504.00.1010 
3504.00.1020 
3504.00.1030 
3504.00.1040 
3504.10.1090 
3901.10.0010 

3901.10.0020 

3901.10.0030 

4403.97.0075 

4403.97.0077 

5201.00.1025 

5201.00.1090 

5201.00.2030 

5201.00.9000 

7115.90.0010 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 

m3 

m3 

kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 

g 

 
 
Description 

Other articles of precious metal or of metal clad with precious 
metal, not elsewhere specified or included  
Flat-rolled products of high-strength steel containing by 
weight less than 0.25 percent of carbon, not further worked 
than cold-rolled (cold-reduced), of a width of less than 600 
mm (23.6 inches), not clad plated or coated 
Other flat-rolled products of iron or nonalloy steel (except 
high-strength steel) containing by weight less than 0.25 
percent of carbon, not further worked than cold-rolled (cold-
reduced), of a width of less than 600 mm (23.6 inches), not 
clad plated or coated 
Copper mattes (copper content) 
Cement copper (precipitated copper) 
No. 1 copper scrap, bare bright wire, unalloyed 
Other No. 1 copper scrap (except bare bright wire), unalloyed 
No. 2 copper scrap, unalloyed 
Other copper scrap (except No. 1 or No. 2), unalloyed 
Red and semi-red brass scrap containing more than 0.3 
percent lead, segregated 
Other red and semi-red brass scrap, segregated 
Yellow brass clippings, turnings and rod ends containing more 
than 0.3 percent lead, segregated 
Other yellow brass clippings, turnings and rod ends, 
segregated 
Other yellow brass scrap, containing more than 0.3 percent 
lead, segregated 
Other yellow brass scrap, not elsewhere specified or included, 
segregated 
Other segregated copper alloy scrap, not elsewhere specified 
or included 
Unsegregated copper and copper alloy scrap, mixed solids and 
turnings free of insulated wire and grindings 
Other unsegregated copper waste and scrap 
Turbojet aircraft turbines, of a thrust not exceeding 25 kN, for 
use in civil aircraft 
Turbojet aircraft turbines, of a thrust not exceeding 25 kN, not 
for use in civil aircraft 
Turbojet aircraft turbines, of a thrust exceeding 25 kN, for use 
in civil aircraft 
Turbojet aircraft turbines, of a thrust exceeding 25 kN, not for 
use in civil aircraft 
Turbopropeller aircraft turbines, of a power not exceeding 
1,100 kW, for use in civil aircraft 
Turbopropeller aircraft turbines, of a power not exceeding 
1,100 kW, not for use in civil aircraft 

Schedule B 
Number 
7115.90.0090 

7211.23.5000 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

g 

kg 

7211.23.9000 

kg 

7401.00.0010 
7401.00.0050 
7404.00.0010 
7404.00.0015 
7404.00.0025 
7404.00.0030 
7404.00.0041 

7404.00.0046 
7404.00.0051 

7404.00.0056 

7404.00.0061 

7404.00.0066 

7404.00.0075 

7404.00.0085 

7404.00.0095 
8411.11.4010 

8411.11.4050 

8411.12.4010 

8411.12.4050 

8411.21.4010 

8411.21.4050 

Cu kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 
kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 

kg 
No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

 
 
Description 

Turbopropeller aircraft turbines, of a power exceeding 1,100 
kW, for use in civil aircraft 
Turbopropeller aircraft turbines, of a power exceeding 1,100 
kW, not for use in civil aircraft 
Gas aircraft turbines, of a power not exceeding 5,000 kW, for 
use in civil aircraft 
Gas aircraft turbines, of a power not exceeding 5,000 kW, not 
for use in civil aircraft 
Gas aircraft turbines, of a power exceeding 5,000 kW, for use 
in civil aircraft 
Gas aircraft turbines, of a power exceeding 5,000 kW, not for 
use in civil aircraft 
Parts of turbojet or turbopropeller aircraft turbines for use in 
civil aircraft 
Parts of turbojet or turbopropeller aircraft turbines, not for 
use in civil aircraft 
Parts of other aircraft gas turbines for use in civil aircraft 
Parts of other aircraft gas turbines, not for use in civil aircraft 
Digital weight indicators 
Weighing machine weights or other parts of weighing 
machinery (except digital weight indicators) 
Generating sets powered by gas turbines, not elsewhere 
specified or included 
Generating sets, not powered by gas turbines, not elsewhere 
specified or included 
6-volt lead acid storage batteries, not elsewhere specified or 
included 
12-volt lead acid storage batteries, not elsewhere specified or 
included 
36-volt lead acid storage batteries, not elsewhere specified or 
included 
Other lead acid storage batteries, not elsewhere specified or 
included 
Switching and routing apparatus, Wi-Fi protocol 
Switching and routing apparatus, Bluetooth protocol 
Switching and routing apparatus, Proprietary protocol 
Switching and routing apparatus, Multiprotocol 
Other switching and routing apparatus, not elsewhere 
specified or included 
Other apparatus for transmission or reception of voice, images 
or other data; machines for the reception, conversion and 
transmission of voice, images, other data, other than switching 
and routing apparatus 
Apparatus for the reception of television signals relayed by 
television satellite 

Schedule B 
Number 
8411.22.4010 

8411.22.4050 

8411.81.4010 

8411.81.4050 

8411.82.4010 

8411.82.4050 

8411.91.7010 

8411.91.7050 

8411.99.7010 
8411.99.7050 
8423.90.0040 
8423.90.0080 

8502.39.0010 

8502.39.0090 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 
No. 
No. 
kg 

No. 

No. 

8507.20.0030 

No., kg 

8507.20.0040 

No., kg 

8507.20.0060 

No., kg 

8507.20.0090 

No., kg 

8517.62.0030 
8517.62.0040 
8517.62.0060 
8517.62.0070 
8517.62.0080 

8517.62.0085 

No. 
No. 
No. 
No. 
No. 

No. 

8525.50.2010 

No. 

 
 
 
 
Description 

Other television transmission apparatus 
Transmitters for use in civil aircraft 
Transmitters, not for use in civil aircraft 
Transmission apparatus (except television and transmitters) 
for use in civil aircraft 
Transmission apparatus (except television and transmitters), 
not for use in civil aircraft 
Transceivers for use in civil aircraft 
Hand-held transceivers, not for use in civil aircraft 
Transceivers, not for use in civil aircraft, not elsewhere 
specified or included 
Color television cameras 
Television cameras, other than color 
8 mm camcorders 
Camcorders, not 8 mm 
Radar apparatus for use in civil aircraft 
Radar apparatus, not for use in civil aircraft (except apparatus 
designed for boat or ship installation) 
Radio navigational aid apparatus for use in civil aircraft 
Radio navigational aid apparatus, reception type only, satellite 
navigation receivers 
Other radio navigational aid apparatus, reception type only, 
not for use in civil aircraft 
Radio navigational aid apparatus, satellite navigation 
apparatus, not for use in civil aircraft 
Radio navigational aid apparatus, not elsewhere specified or 
included, not for use in civil aircraft 
Radio-broadcast receivers for use in civil aircraft 
Radio-broadcast receivers, not for use in civil aircraft 
Switchgear assemblies and switchboards for a voltage not 
exceeding 1,000 V 
Numerical controls for controlling machine tools for a voltage 
not exceeding 1,000 V 
Panel boards and distribution boards for a voltage not 
exceeding 1,000 V 
Programmable controllers for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V 
Other boards, panels, consoles, desks, cabinets and similar 
goods and equipment with two or more apparatus of heading 
8535 or 8536, for electric control or the distribution of 
electricity, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, not elsewhere 
specified or included 
Parts of automatic circuit breakers for goods of heading 8535, 
8536 or 8537 
Metal contacts for goods of heading 8535, 8536 or 8537 

Schedule B 
Number 
8525.50.2050 
8525.50.6010 
8525.50.6050 
8525.50.8020 

8525.50.8040 

8525.60.1025 
8525.60.1035 
8525.60.1055 

8525.89.2500 
8525.89.3500 
8525.89.5010 
8525.89.5020 
8526.10.0010 
8526.10.0070 

8526.91.0010 
8526.91.0050 

8526.91.0060 

8526.91.0080 

8526.91.0090 

8527.99.3005 
8527.99.3060 
8537.10.9020 

8537.10.9030 

8537.10.9050 

8537.10.9060 
8537.10.9090 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

No. 
No. 
No. 
No. 

No. 

No. 
No. 
No. 

No. 
No. 
No. 
No. 
No. 
No. 

No. 
No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 
No. 
No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 
No. 

8538.90.7020 

No. 

8538.90.7040 

kg 

 
 
Description 

Other parts of switchgear, switchboards, panel boards and 
distribution boards of heading 8535, 8536 or 8537, not 
elsewhere specified or included 
Other parts suitable for use solely or principally with the 
apparatus of heading 8535, 8536 or 8537, not elsewhere 
specified or included 
Parts of physical vapor deposition apparatus of subheading 
8543.70 
Parts of particle accelerators 
Parts of electrical machines and apparatus, not elsewhere 
specified or included 
New tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
not exceeding 18 kW 
Used tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
not exceeding 18 kW 
New tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
exceeding 18 kW but not exceeding 37 kW 
Used tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
exceeding 18 kW but not exceeding 37 kW 
New tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
exceeding 37 kW but not exceeding 75 kW 
Used tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
exceeding 37 kW but not exceeding 75 kW 
New tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
exceeding 75 kW but not exceeding 130 kW 
Used tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
exceeding 75 kW but not exceeding 130 kW 
New tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
exceeding 130 kW 
Used tractors suitable for agricultural use, of an engine power 
exceeding 130 kW 
Direction finding compasses, optical instruments for use in 
civil aircraft 
Direction finding compasses, optical instruments, not for use 
in civil aircraft 
Gyroscopic compasses, other than electrical, for use in civil 
aircraft 
Gyroscopic compasses, other than electrical, not for use in civil 
aircraft 
Gyroscopic compasses, electrical, for use in civil aircraft 
Gyroscopic compasses, electrical, not for use in civil aircraft 
Other direction finding compasses for use in civil aircraft 
Other direction finding compasses, not for use in civil aircraft 
Instruments and apparatus for measuring or checking voltage, 
current or resistance, without a recording device 

Schedule B 
Number 
8538.90.7060 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

No. 

8538.90.7080 

No. 

8543.90.1100 

8543.90.8040 
8543.90.9000 

8701.91.1010 

8701.91.1090 

8701.92.1010 

8701.92.1090 

8701.93.1010 

8701.93.1090 

8701.94.1010 

8701.94.1090 

8701.95.1010 

8701.95.1090 

9014.10.1040 

9014.10.1080 

9014.10.6040 

9014.10.6080 

9014.10.7040 
9014.10.7080 
9014.10.9040 
9014.10.9080 
9030.33.0040 

No. 

No. 
No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 
No. 
No. 
No. 
No. 

 
 
Description 

Instruments and apparatus for measuring or checking power, 
without a recording device 
Parts and accessories for articles of subheading 9030.10 
Parts and accessories of articles of subheading 9030.20 
Parts and accessories of articles of subheading 9030.31 
Parts and accessories of articles of subheading 9030.39 
Parts and accessories of articles of subheading 9030.40 
Parts and accessories of articles of subheading 9030.82 or 
9030.84 
Other parts and accessories of articles of heading 9030, not 
elsewhere specified or included  
Sound suppressors, silencers, mufflers and similar devices of 
shotguns or rifles of heading 9303 
Other parts and accessories of shotguns and rifles of heading 
9303, not elsewhere specified or included 
Sound suppressors, silencers, mufflers and similar devices of 
military weapons of heading 9301 
Other parts and accessories of military weapons of heading 
9301, not elsewhere specified or included 
Numismatic (collectors’) coins of gold (gold content) 
Other numismatic (collectors’) coins 

Schedule B 
Number 
9030.33.0080 

9030.90.4000 
9030.90.8010 
9030.90.8020 
9030.90.8030 
9030.90.8040 
9030.90.8050 

9030.90.8060 

Unit(s) of 
Quantity 

No. 

kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 
kg 

kg 

9305.20.9100 

No. 

9305.20.9500 

kg 

9305.91.3020 

No. 

9305.91.3040 

kg 

9705.31.0030 
9705.31.0060 

Au g 
g 

 
 
 
Chapter 98--Special Classification Provisions 

Exports of Articles Previously Imported for Repair or Alterations; Instruments of International Traffic; 
Articles Donated for Relief or Charity, Not Elsewhere Specified or Included; Military Wearing Apparel; 
Military Equipment Not Identified By Kind 

Statistical Notes 

1. 

For the purpose of Schedule B number 9801.10.0000, the value of repairs or alterations made in 
the United States shall be: 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Reported only for articles previously imported for repairs or alterations. 

The total cost of the repair or alteration (including parts and labor); or 

If no charge is made, the value to the exporter of such repair or alteration. 

2. 

Shipping containers leaving the United States strictly as instruments of international traffic (i.e., 
in their capacity as carriers of merchandise), and not for sale or transfer of ownership, are not 
considered to be exported; therefore, such containers are not required to be reported on the 
Shipper's Export Declaration. However, they may be: 

(a) 

(b) 

Reported (if for any reason the exporter wishes to record their movement) under  
Schedule B number 9801.20.0000, whether loaded or empty; and 

The value reported for such instruments of international traffic shall exclude the value  
of the contents (if any) of such containers. 

3. 

This chapter does not cover: 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Articles exported after having been imported temporarily under bond for processing  
(importations under statistical reporting number 9813.00.0520). 

Those food products donated for relief or charity provided for in chapter 1 through 16  
when shipped individually in bulk. 

Shipments of commodities for relief or charitable purposes by government agencies,  
except used wearing apparel donated by government agencies. 

[Table on next page] 

Description 

Exports of Articles Previously Imported for Repairs or 
Alterations; Instruments of International Traffic: 

Value of repairs or alterations of previously                     
imported articles, repaired or altered prior to exportation 
from the United States 

Schedule B 
Number 

Unit of 
Quantity 

9801.10.0000 

X 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shipping containers as instruments of international                
traffic 

Articles Donated for Relief or Charity, Not Elsewhere Specified 
or Included: 

Commingled food products, donated for relief or charity by 
individuals or private agencies 
Medicinal and pharmaceutical products donated for relief 
or charity by individuals or private agencies 
All wearing apparel (including footwear and headwear) 
donated for relief or charity by individuals or private 
agencies; and used wearing apparel donated for relief or 
charity by government agencies 
Articles donated for relief or charity by individuals or 
private agencies, not elsewhere specified or included 
Military Wearing Apparel, Military Equipment Not Identified 
By Kind: 

9801.20.0000 

X 

9802.10.0000 

9802.20.0000 

9802.30.0000 

X 

X 

9802.40.0000 

X 

Military wearing apparel of all types and materials, 
including footwear and headwear 
Military equipment not identified by kind 

9803.10.0000 

9803.20.0000 

X 

X 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION I

LIVE ANIMALS; ANIMAL PRODUCTS

I-1

Notes

1. Any reference in this section to a particular genus or species of an animal, except where the context otherwise requires, includes

a reference to the young of that genus or species.

2. Except where the context otherwise requires, throughout the tariff schedule any reference to "dried" products also covers products

which have been dehydrated, evaporated or freeze-dried.

I-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 1

LIVE ANIMALS

I
1-1

Note

1.

This chapter covers all live animals except:

(a) Fish and crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates, of heading 0301, 0306, 0307 or 0308;

(b) Cultures of microorganisms and other products of heading 3002; and

(c) Animals of heading 9508.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

The expression "purebred breeding animals" covers only animals certified to the U.S. Customs Service by the Department of
Agriculture as being purebred of a recognized breed and duly registered in a book of record recognized by the Secretary of
Agriculture for that breed, imported specially for breeding purposes, whether intended to be used by the importer himself or for
sale for such purposes. 1/

2. Certain special provisions applying to live animals are in chapter 98.

1/ The animal certificate of pure breeding is an obsolete form and can no longer be obtained from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Consult U.S. Customs for additional information.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
1-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0101

Live horses, asses, mules and hinnies:

Horses:

Purebred breeding animals............................................
Males..........................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Females.....................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Imported for immediate slaughter...........................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Asses.......................................................................................

No.
No.............

6.8%1/

0101.21.00

0101.29.00

0101.30.00

10

20

10

90
00

0101.90
0101.90.30

00

Other:

Imported for immediate slaughter..................................

No.............

0101.90.40

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

4.5%1/

0102

Live bovine animals:

Cattle:

0102.21.00

Purebred breeding animals............................................

..................

Free1/

10

20

30

50

Dairy:

Male.....................................................................

No.

Female................................................................

No.

Other:

Male.....................................................................

No.

Female................................................................

No.

Free

20%

15%

Free

20%

Free

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

0102 (con.)

Live bovine animals: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
1-3

0102.29
0102.29.20

11

12

Cattle: (con.)
Other:

Cows imported specially for dairy purposes..........
Weighing less than 90 kg each........................

Weighing 90 kg or more each..........................

0102.29.40

Other..........................................................................

..................
No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

Free1/

1¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

24

28

34

38

54

58

62

64

66

68

72

74

82

84

Weighing less than 90 kg each:

Male..............................................................

Female..........................................................

Weighing 90 kg or more but less than 200 kg
each:

Male..............................................................

Female..........................................................

Weighing 200 kg or more but less than 320 kg
each:

Male..............................................................

Female..........................................................

Weighing 320 kg or more each:
For immediate slaughter:

Steers....................................................

Bulls.......................................................

Cows......................................................

Heifers...................................................

For breeding:

Male.......................................................

Female...................................................

Other:

Male.......................................................

Female...................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
1-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0102 (con.)

Live bovine animals: (con.)

Buffalo:

Purebred breeding animals............................................
Male...........................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Female.......................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

1¢/kg1/

Free

5.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Bison..........................................................................

Other:

Weighing less than 90 kg each:

Male..............................................................

Female..........................................................

Weighing 90 kg or more but less than 200 kg
each:

Male..............................................................

Female..........................................................

Weighing 200 kg or more but less than 320 kg
each:

Male..............................................................

Female..........................................................

Weighing 320 kg or more each:

For immediate slaughter............................

For breeding:

Male.......................................................

Female...................................................

Other:

Male.......................................................

Female...................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.............
kg

1¢/kg1/

5.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0102.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

0102.31.00

0102.39.00

10

20

10

24

28

34

38

54

58

61

72

74

82

84

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Free1/

Free1/

0103
0103.10.00

0103.91.00

0103.92.00

Live swine:

00

Purebred breeding animals...................................................

No.............

Other:

Weighing less than 50 kg each......................................
Weighing less than 7 kg each.................................

Weighing 7 kg or more but less than 23 kg each...

Weighing 23 kg or more but less than 50 kg
each............................................................................

Weighing 50 kg or more each........................................
Imported for immediate slaughter...........................

Breeding animals other than purebred breeding
animals.......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

..................
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

10

20

30

10

20

91

Free1/

4.4¢/kg

I
1-5

2

Free

4.4¢/kg

0104
0104.10.00

Live sheep and goats:

00

Sheep......................................................................................

No.............
kg

Free1/

0104.20.00

00

Goats.......................................................................................

No.............

68¢/head1/

$3/head

$3/head

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
1-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0105

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Live poultry of the following kinds: Chickens, ducks, geese,
turkeys and guineas:

Weighing not more than 185 g:

0105.11.00

Chickens...........................................................................

..................

0.9¢ each1/

10

20
40
00

0105.12.00

Breeding stock, whether or not purebred:

Layer-type (egg-type)........................................

No.

Broiler-type (meat-type)....................................
Other..........................................................................
Turkeys.............................................................................

No.
No.
No.............

0.9¢ each1/

0105.13.00

00

Ducks................................................................................

No.............

0.9¢ each1/

0105.14.00

00

Geese...............................................................................

No.............

0.9¢ each1/

0105.15.00

00

Guinea fowls....................................................................

No.............

0.9¢ each1/

0105.94.00

00

Chickens...........................................................................

Other:

0105.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............
kg

2¢/kg1/

No.............
kg

2¢/kg1/

4¢ each

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4¢ each

4¢ each

4¢ each

4¢ each

17.6¢/kg

17.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0106

Other live animals:
Mammals:

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
1-7

0106.11.00

00

Primates...........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

0106.12.01

00

Whales, dolphins and porpoises (mammals of the order
Cetacea); manatees and dugongs (mammals of the
order Sirenia); seals, sea lions and walruses (mammals
of the suborder Pinnipedia)............................................

No.............

Free1/

0106.13.00

00

Camels and other camelids (Camelidae).....................

No.............

0106.14.00

00

Rabbits and hares...........................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

0106.19
0106.19.30

00

0106.19.91

0106.20.00

20

95
00

Other:

Foxes.........................................................................

No.............

4.8%1/

Other..........................................................................
Dogs....................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Reptiles (including snakes and turtles)................................

No.
No.............

0106.31.00

00

Birds of prey.....................................................................

No.............

Birds:

Free1/

1.8%1/

0106.32.00

00

Psittaciformes (including parrots, parakeets, macaws
and cockatoos)................................................................

No.............

1.8%1/

0106.33.00

00

Ostriches; emus (Dromaius novaehollandiae).............

No.............

1.8%1/

0106.39.01

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

1.8%1/

Insects:

0106.41.00

00

Bees..................................................................................

kg..............

0106.49.00

0106.90.01

10

90

10

20

80

Other.................................................................................
Leaf cutter bee larvae..............................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Worms..............................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Bait (other than worms)..................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

15%

15%

15%

15%

15%

15%

15%

20%

20%

20%

20%

15%

15%

15%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
Endnotes--page 1 - 8
1/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 2

MEAT AND EDIBLE MEAT OFFAL

I
2-1

Note

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Products of the kinds described in headings 0201 to 0208 or 0210, unfit or unsuitable for human consumption;

(b) Edible, non-living insects (heading 0410);

(c) Guts, bladders, or stomachs of animals (heading 0504) or animal blood (heading 0511 or 3002); or

(d) Animal fat, other than products of heading 0209 (chapter 15)

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of this chapter--

(a) The term "processed" covers meats which have been ground or comminuted, diced or cut into sizes for stew meat or similar

uses, rolled and skewered, or specially processed into fancy cuts, special shapes, or otherwise made ready for particular
uses by the retail consumer.

(b) The term "high-quality beef cuts" means beef specially processed into fancy cuts, special shapes, or otherwise made ready
for particular uses by the retail consumer (but not ground or comminuted, diced or cut into sizes for stew meat or similar
uses, or rolled or skewered), which meets the specifications in regulations issued by the U.S. Department of Agriculture for
Prime or Choice beef, and which has been so certified prior to exportation by an official of the government of the exporting
country, in accordance with regulations issued by the Secretary of the Treasury after consultation with the Secretary of
Agriculture.

In assessing the duty on meats, no allowance shall be made for normal components thereof such as bones, fat, and hide or skin.
The dutiable weight of meats in airtight containers subject to specific rates includes the entire contents of the containers.

The aggregate quantity of beef, entered under subheadings 0201.10.10, 0201.20.10, 0201.20.30, 0201.20.50, 0201.30.10,
0201.30.30, 0201.30.50, 0202.10.10, 0202.20.10, 0202.20.30, 0202.20.50, 0202.30.10, 0202.30.30 and 0202.30.50 in any
calendar year shall not exceed the quantities specified in this note.

2.

3.

Canada
Mexico
Australia
New Zealand
Argentina
Uruguay
United Kingdom
Other countries or areas

Quantity
(metric ton)
No limit
No limit
378,214
213,402
20,000
20,000
13,000
52,005

Imports under these provisions are subject to regulations issued by the United States Trade Representative.

I
2-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0201
0201.10
0201.10.05

0201.10.10

0201.10.50

10

90

10

90

10

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Meat of bovine animals, fresh or chilled:
Carcasses and half-carcasses:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

..................

4.4¢/kg1/

Veal............................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Described in additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg

kg

..................

4.4¢/kg1/

Veal............................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other 2/..............................................................................

kg
..................

26.4%1/

Veal............................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

31.1%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.04.01-

9822.04.03 (AU)

See 9919.02.01-

9919.02.02 (PA)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0201 (con.)
0201.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
2-3

Meat of bovine animals, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Other cuts with bone in:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions:

Processed:

0201.20.02

00

High-quality beef cuts........................................

kg..............

4%1/

0201.20.04

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

0201.20.06

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.4¢/kg1/

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions:

Processed:

0201.20.10

00

High-quality beef cuts........................................

kg..............

4%1/

0201.20.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

0201.20.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.4¢/kg1/

15

25

35

45

65

75

91

10

90

0201.20.80

Fresh or chilled bone in veal cuts.....................

kg

Other:

Rib cuts........................................................

Chuck cuts...................................................

Loin cuts.......................................................

Hip cuts........................................................

Flank or plate cuts.......................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Other 2/..............................................................................

kg
..................

26.4%1/

Bison..........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

20%

20%

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

31.1%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.04.01-

9822.04.03 (AU)

See 9919.02.01-

9919.02.02 (PA)

I
2-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0201 (con.)
0201.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Meat of bovine animals, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Boneless:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions:

Processed:

0201.30.02

00

High-quality beef cuts........................................

kg..............

4%1/

0201.30.04

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

0201.30.06

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.4¢/kg1/

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions:

Processed:

0201.30.10

00

High-quality beef cuts........................................

kg..............

4%1/

0201.30.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

0201.30.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.4¢/kg1/

15

25

35

45

55

65

75

91

97

10

90

0201.30.80

Fresh or chilled boneless veal cuts..................

kg

Other:

Rib cuts........................................................

Chuck cuts...................................................

Loin cuts.......................................................

Brisket cuts..................................................

Hip cuts........................................................

Flank or plate cuts.......................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Certified organic...................................

kg

Other......................................................
Other 2/..............................................................................

kg
..................

26.4%1/

Bison..........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

20%

20%

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

31.1%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.04.01-

9822.04.03 (AU)

See 9919.02.01-

9919.02.02 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Meat of bovine animals, frozen:

Carcasses and half-carcasses:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
2-5

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

..................

4.4¢/kg1/

Veal............................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Described in additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg

kg

..................

4.4¢/kg1/

Veal............................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other 2/..............................................................................

kg
..................

26.4%1/

Veal............................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

31.1%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.04.01-

9822.04.03 (AU)

See 9919.02.01-

9919.02.02 (PA)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0202
0202.10
0202.10.05

0202.10.10

0202.10.50

10

90

10

90

10

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
2-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0202 (con.)
0202.20

Article Description

Meat of bovine animals, frozen: (con.)

Other cuts with bone in:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions:

Processed:

0202.20.02

00

High-quality beef cuts........................................

kg..............

4%1/

0202.20.04

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

0202.20.06

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.4¢/kg1/

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions:

Processed:

0202.20.10

00

High-quality beef cuts........................................

kg..............

4%1/

0202.20.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

0202.20.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.4¢/kg1/

25

35

45

90
00

0202.20.80

Rib cuts...............................................................

Chuck cuts..........................................................

Loin cuts..............................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other 2/..............................................................................

kg
kg..............

26.4%1/

20%

20%

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

31.1%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.04.01-

9822.04.03 (AU)

See 9919.02.01-

9919.02.02 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0202 (con.)
0202.30

Article Description

Meat of bovine animals, frozen: (con.)

Boneless:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
2-7

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions:

Processed:

0202.30.02

00

High-quality beef cuts........................................

kg..............

4%1/

0202.30.04

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

0202.30.06

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.4¢/kg1/

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions:

Processed:

0202.30.10

00

High-quality beef cuts........................................

kg..............

4%1/

0202.30.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

0202.30.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.4¢/kg1/

15

25

35

45

55

65

75

91

97

15

25

0202.30.80

Frozen boneless veal cuts................................

kg

Other:

Rib cuts........................................................

Chuck cuts...................................................

Loin cuts.......................................................

Brisket cuts..................................................

Hip cuts........................................................

Flank or plate cuts.......................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Certified organic...................................

kg

Other......................................................
Other 2/..............................................................................

kg
..................

26.4%1/

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

20%

20%

13.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,

20%

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

13.2¢/kg

31.1%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.04.01-

9822.04.03 (AU)

See 9919.02.01-

9919.02.02 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
2-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0203

Meat of swine, fresh, chilled, or frozen:

Fresh or chilled:

0203.11.00

00

Carcasses and half-carcasses......................................

kg..............

Free1/

0203.12
0203.12.10

Hams, shoulders and cuts thereof, with bone in:

Processed.................................................................

..................

1.4¢/kg1/

0203.12.90

0203.19
0203.19.20

0203.19.40

10

20

10

20

10

90

10

90

Hams and cuts thereof......................................

kg

Shoulders and cuts thereof...............................
Other..........................................................................
Hams and cuts thereof......................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Shoulders and cuts thereof...............................

kg

Other:

Processed.................................................................

..................

1.4¢/kg1/

Spare ribs...........................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Bellies..................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg

Frozen:

0203.21.00

00

Carcasses and half-carcasses......................................

kg..............

Free1/

0203.22
0203.22.10

00

Hams, shoulders and cuts thereof, with bone in:

Processed.................................................................

kg..............

1.4¢/kg1/

0203.22.90
0203.29
0203.29.20

00

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Processed.................................................................

kg..............

1.4¢/kg3/

0203.29.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5¢/kg

7.2¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

7.2¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

7.2¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

7.2¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
2-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0204
0204.10.00

Meat of sheep or goats, fresh, chilled or frozen:

00

Carcasses and half-carcasses of lamb, fresh or chilled.....

kg..............

0.7¢/kg1/

0204.21.00

00

Carcasses and half-carcasses 4/...................................

kg..............

2.8¢/kg1/

Other meat of sheep, fresh or chilled:

0204.22
0204.22.20

Other cuts with bone in:

Lamb..........................................................................

..................

0.7¢/kg1/

10

20

30

90
00

0204.22.40

0204.23
0204.23.20

00

Shoulders............................................................

Legs.....................................................................

Loins....................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other 4/.......................................................................

kg
kg..............

2.8¢/kg1/

Boneless:

Lamb..........................................................................

kg..............

0.7¢/kg1/

0204.23.40

00

Other 4/.......................................................................

kg..............

2.8¢/kg1/

0204.30.00

00

Carcasses and half-carcasses of lamb, frozen..................

kg..............

0.7¢/kg1/

15.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11¢/kg

15.4¢/kg

11¢/kg

15.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
2-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0204 (con.)

Meat of sheep or goats, fresh, chilled or frozen: (con.)

Other meat of sheep, frozen:

0204.41.00

00

Carcasses and half-carcasses 4/...................................

kg..............

2.8¢/kg1/

0204.42
0204.42.20

Other cuts with bone in:

Lamb..........................................................................

..................

0.7¢/kg1/

10

20

30

90
00

0204.42.40

0204.43
0204.43.20

00

Shoulders............................................................

Legs.....................................................................

Loins....................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other 4/.......................................................................

kg
kg..............

2.8¢/kg1/

Boneless:

Lamb..........................................................................

kg..............

0.7¢/kg1/

0204.43.40

00

Other 4/.......................................................................

kg..............

2.8¢/kg1/

0204.50.00

00

Meat of goats..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0205.00.00

00

Meat of horses, asses, mules or hinnies, fresh, chilled or
frozen..............................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0206

Edible offal of bovine animals, swine, sheep, goats, horses,
asses, mules or hinnies, fresh, chilled or frozen:

0206.10.00

00

Of bovine animals, fresh or chilled.......................................

kg..............

Of bovine animals, frozen:

0206.21.00

00

Tongues............................................................................

kg..............

0206.22.00

00

Livers................................................................................

kg..............

0206.29.00
0206.30.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Of swine, fresh or chilled.......................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Of swine, frozen:

0206.41.00

00

Livers................................................................................

kg..............

0206.49.00
0206.80.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Other, fresh or chilled............................................................

kg..............
kg..............

0206.90.00

20

40

Other, frozen...........................................................................
Of sheep (including lamb)..............................................

..................
kg

Of goats, horses, asses, mules or hinnies....................

kg

Free3/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

11¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11¢/kg

15.4¢/kg

11¢/kg

11¢/kg

Free

30%

30%

30%

30%
30%

30%

30%
30%

30%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
2-11

Meat and edible offal, of the poultry of heading 0105, fresh,
chilled or frozen:
Of chickens:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0207

0207.11.00

Not cut in pieces, fresh or chilled..................................

..................

8.8¢/kg1/

20

40

20

40
00

0207.12.00

0207.13.00

Young (broilers, fryers, roasters and capons).......

kg

Other..........................................................................
Not cut in pieces, frozen.................................................

kg
..................

8.8¢/kg1/

Young (broilers, fryers, roasters and capons).......

kg

Other..........................................................................
Cuts and offal, fresh or chilled.......................................

kg
kg..............

17.6¢/kg1/

0207.14.00

Cuts and offal, frozen......................................................

..................

17.6¢/kg1/

20

40

Livers.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Of turkeys:

0207.24.00

00

Not cut in pieces, fresh or chilled..................................

kg..............

15¢/kg1/

0207.25
0207.25.20

00

Not cut in pieces, frozen:

Valued less than 88¢/kg..........................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

0207.25.40

00

Valued 88¢ or more per kg......................................

kg..............

10%1/

0207.26.00

00

Cuts and offal, fresh or chilled.......................................

kg..............

17.6¢/kg1/

0207.27.00

Cuts and offal, frozen......................................................

..................

17.6¢/kg1/

20

40

Livers.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

22¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg

25%

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
2-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0207 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Meat and edible offal, of the poultry of heading 0105, fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)

Of ducks:

0207.41.00

00

Not cut in pieces, fresh or chilled..................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

0207.42.00

00

Not cut in pieces, frozen.................................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

0207.43.00

00

Fatty livers, fresh or chilled.............................................

kg..............

17.6¢/kg1/

0207.44.00

00

Other, fresh or chilled......................................................

kg..............

17.6¢/kg1/

0207.45.00

Other, frozen....................................................................

..................

17.6¢/kg1/

20

40

Livers.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Of geese:

0207.51.00

00

Not cut in pieces, fresh or chilled..................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

0207.52.00

00

Not cut in pieces, frozen.................................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

0207.53.00

00

Fatty livers, fresh or chilled.............................................

kg..............

17.6¢/kg1/

0207.54.00

00

Other, fresh or chilled......................................................

kg..............

17.6¢/kg1/

0207.55.00

Other, frozen....................................................................

..................

17.6¢/kg1/

20

40

Livers.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
2-13

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0207 (con.)

0207.60
0207.60.10

00

Meat and edible offal, of the poultry of heading 0105, fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)
Of guinea fowls:

Not cut in pieces, fresh or chilled..................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

0207.60.20

00

Not cut in pieces, frozen.................................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

0207.60.30

00

Fatty livers, fresh or chilled.............................................

kg..............

17.6¢/kg1/

0207.60.40

00

Other, fresh or chilled......................................................

kg..............

17.6¢/kg1/

0207.60.60

Other, frozen....................................................................

..................

17.6¢/kg1/

20

40

Livers.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
2-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0208
0208.10.00

Other meat and edible meat offal, fresh, chilled or frozen:

00

Of rabbits or hares.................................................................

kg..............

6.4%3/

0208.30.00

00

Of primates.............................................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

0208.40.01

00

Of whales, dolphins and porpoises (mammals of the order
Cetacea); of manatees and dugongs (mammals of the
order Sirenia); of seals, sea lions and walruses (mammals
of the suborder Pinnipedia)...................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

0208.50.00

00

Of reptiles (including snakes and turtles)............................

kg..............

6.4%1/

0208.60.00

00

Of camels and other camelids (Camelidae)........................

kg..............

6.4%1/

0208.90
0208.90.20

00

Other:

Deer..................................................................................

kg..............

0208.90.25

00

Frogsʼ legs........................................................................

kg..............

0208.90.30

00

Quail, eviscerated, not in pieces...................................

kg..............

Free3/

Free3/

7¢/kg1/

0208.90.91

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

0209

Pig fat, free of lean meat, and poultry fat, not rendered or
otherwise extracted, fresh, chilled, frozen, salted, in brine,
dried or smoked:

0209.10.00

00

Of pigs.....................................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

0209.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

20%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13.2¢/kg

10%

22¢/kg

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
2-15

Meat and edible meat offal, salted, in brine, dried or smoked;
edible flours and meals of meat or meat offal:

Meat of swine:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0210

0210.11.00

Hams, shoulders and cuts thereof, with bone in..........

..................

1.4¢/kg1/

10

20

20

40

10

90
00

0210.12.00

0210.19.00

0210.20.00

Hams and cuts thereof.............................................

kg

Shoulders and cuts thereof.....................................
Bellies (streaky) and cuts thereof..................................

kg
..................

1.4¢/kg1/

Bacon.........................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

1.4¢/kg3/

Canadian style bacon...............................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Meat of bovine animals..........................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Other, including edible flours and meals of meat or meat
offal:

0210.91.00

00

Of primates......................................................................

kg..............

2.3%1/

0210.92.01

00

Of whales, dolphins and porpoises (mammals of the
order Cetacea); of manatees and dugongs (mammals
of the order Sirenia); of seals, sea lions and walruses
(mammals of the suborder Pinnipedia).........................

kg..............

2.3%1/

0210.93.00

00

Of reptiles (including snakes and turtles).....................

kg..............

2.3%1/

0210.99
0210.99.20

00

Other:

Meat of poultry of heading 0105.............................

kg..............

2.3%1/

0210.99.91

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.3%1/

7.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
Endnotes--page 2 - 16
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See subheadings 9904.02.01-9904.02.37.
3/ See 9903.88.03.
4/ See subheading 9904.02.60.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

FISH AND CRUSTACEANS, MOLLUSCS AND OTHER AQUATIC INVERTEBRATES

CHAPTER 3

I
3-1

Note

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Mammals of heading 0106;

(b) Meat of mammals of heading 0106 (heading 0208 or 0210);

(c) Fish (including livers, roes and milt thereof) or crustaceans, molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, dead and unfit or

unsuitable for human consumption by reason of either their species or their condition (chapter 5); flours, meals or pellets of
fish or of crustaceans, molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, unfit for human consumption (heading 2301); or

(d) Caviar or caviar substitutes prepared from fish eggs (heading 1604).

2.

In this chapter the term "pellets" means products which have been agglomerated either directly by compression or by the addition
of a small quantity of binder.

3. Headings 0305 to 0308 do not cover flours, meals and pellets, fit for human consumption (heading 0309).

Additional U.S. Note

1. Certain fish, crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates are provided for in chapter 98.

Statistical Note

1.

Imports of shrimp or products of shrimp are subject to the provisions of section 609 of Public Law 101-162 of November 21, 1989
(16 U.S.C. 1537 note).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
3-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0301

Live fish:

Ornamental fish:

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0301.11.00

0301.19.00

10

20

90
00

0301.91.00

00

Freshwater.......................................................................
Koi (common) carp (Cyprinus carpio)....................

..................
kg

Free1/

Goldfish( Carassius auratus), Crucian carp
(Carassius carassius)..............................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Other live fish:

Trout (Salmo trutta, Oncorhynchus mykiss,
Oncorhynchus clarki, Oncorhynchus aguabonita,
Oncorhynchus gilae, Oncorhynchus apache and
Oncorhynchus chrysogaster).........................................

kg..............

Free1/

0301.92.00

00

Eels (Anguilla spp.).........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0301.93.02

10

90
00

0301.94.01

Carp (Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp.,
Ctenopharyngodon idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp.,
Cirrhinus spp., Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla,
Labeo spp., Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus
hoeveni, Megalobrama spp.).........................................
Grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellus), silver
carp (Hypophthalmichthys molitrix) and bighead
carp (Aristichthys nobilis)........................................

Other..........................................................................

Atlantic and Pacific bluefin tunas (Thunnus thynnus,
Thunnus orientalis)..........................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

0301.95.00

00

Southern Bluefin tunas (Thunnus maccoyii)................

kg..............

0301.99.03

10

15

90

Other.................................................................................
Tench (Tinca tinca), sheatfish (Silurus glanis)......

..................
kg

Bighead carp (Aristichthys nobilis).........................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0302

0302.11.00

10

90

13

14
22

32

42

53

54
62

03

04
62
00

10

20

90
00

0302.13.00

0302.14.00

0302.19.00

0302.21.00

0302.22.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-3

Fish, fresh or chilled, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat
of heading 0304:

Salmonidae, excluding edible fish offal of subheadings
0302.91 to 0302.99:

Trout (Salmo trutta, Oncorhynchus mykiss,
Oncorhynchus clarki, Oncorhynchus aguabonita,
Oncorhynchus gilae, Oncorhynchus apache and
Oncorhynchus chrysogaster).........................................
Rainbow trout (Salmo gairdneri), farmed..............

Other..........................................................................
Pacific salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka, Oncorhynchus
gorbuscha, Oncorhynchus keta, Oncorhynchus
tschawytscha, Oncorhynchus kisutch, Oncorhynchus
masou and Oncorhynchus rhodurus)............................

Chinook (king):

Farmed................................................................

Not farmed..........................................................
Chum (dog)...............................................................

Pink (humpie)............................................................

Sockeye (red)............................................................

Coho (silver):

Farmed................................................................

Not farmed..........................................................
Other..........................................................................

Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and Danube salmon
(Hucho hucho).................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

kg

2.2¢/kg

..................

Free1/

4.4¢/kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

..................

Free1/

4.4¢/kg

Atlantic:

Farmed................................................................

kg

Not farmed..........................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg
kg..............

Free1/

Flat fish (Pleuronectidae, Bothidae, Cynoglossidae,
Soleidae, Scophthalmidae and Citharidae), excluding
edible fish offal of subheadings 0302.91 to 0302.99:
Halibut and Greenland turbot (Reinhardtius
hippoglossoides, Hippoglossus hippoglossus,
Hippoglossus stenolepis)...............................................
Atlantic.......................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Pacific........................................................................

kg

Other (including Greenland)....................................
Plaice (Pleuronectes platessa)......................................

kg
kg..............

0302.23.00

00

Sole (Solea spp.).............................................................

kg..............

0302.24.00

00

Turbots (Psetta maxima)................................................

kg..............

0302.29.01

10

90

Other.................................................................................
Flounder.....................................................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................

kg

Free1/

1.1¢/kg1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

I
3-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0302 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fish, fresh or chilled, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat
of heading 0304: (con.)

Tunas (of the genus Thunnus), skipjack tuna (stripe-bellied
bonito)(Katsuwonus pelamis), excluding edible fish offal
of subheadings 0302.91 to 0302.99:

0302.31.00

00

Albacore or longfinned tunas (Thunnus alalunga).......

kg..............

0302.32.00

00

Yellowfin tunas (Thunnus albacares)............................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

0302.33.00

00

Skipjack tuna (stripe-bellied bonito) (Katsuwonus
pelamis)............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0302.34.00

00

Bigeye tunas (Thunnus obesus)....................................

kg..............

Free1/

0302.35.01

00

Atlantic and Pacific bluefin tunas (Thunnus thynnus,
Thunnus orientalis)..........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0302.36.00

00

Southern bluefin tunas (Thunnus maccoyii).................

kg..............

0302.39.02

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0302 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-5

Fish, fresh or chilled, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat
of heading 0304: (con.)

Herrings (Clupea harengus, Clupea pallasii), anchovies
(Engraulis spp.), sardines (Sardina pilchardus, Sardinops
spp.), sardinella (Sardinella spp.), brisling or sprats
(Sprattus sprattus), mackerel (Scomber scombrus,
Scomber australasicus, Scomber japonicus), Indian
mackerels (Rastrelliger spp.), seerfishes (Scomberomorus
spp.), jack and horse mackerel (Trachurus spp.), jacks,
crevalles (Caranx spp.), cobia (Rachycentron canadum),
silver pomfrets (Pampus spp.), Pacific saury (Cololabis
saira), scads (Decapterus spp.), capelin (Mallotus
villosus), swordfish (Xiphias gladius), Kawakawa
(Euthynnus affinis), bonitos (Sarda spp.), marlins,
sailfishes, spearfish (Istiophoridae), excluding edible fish
offal of subheadings 0302.91 to 0302.99:

0302.41.00

00

Herrings (Clupea harengus, Clupea pallasii)..............

kg..............

0302.42.00

00

Anchovies (Engraulis spp.)............................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Sardines (Sardina pilchardus, Sardinops spp.),
sardinella (Sardinella spp.), brisling or sprats (Sprattus
sprattus)............................................................................

Mackerel (Scomber scombrus, Scomber
australasicus, Scomber japonicus)...............................

Jack and horse mackerel (Trachurus spp):

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

3%1/

0302.43.00

00

0302.44.00

00

0302.45
0302.45.11

00

0302.45.50
0302.46
0302.46.11

00

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.2¢/kg

Cobia (Rachycentron canadum) :

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

Free

Free

2.2¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg
2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

0302.46.50
0302.47.00

0302.49.00

00

10

90
00

Other..........................................................................
Swordfish (Xiphias gladius)...........................................
Steaks........................................................................

kg..............
..................
kg

Free1/
Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0302 (con.)

0302.51.00

10

90
00

0302.52.00

Fish, fresh or chilled, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat
of heading 0304: (con.)

Fish of the families Bregmacerotidae, Euclichthyidae
Gadidae, Macrouridae, Melanonidae, Merlucciidae,
Moridae and Muraenolepididae, excluding edible fish offal
of subheadings 0302.91 to 0302.99:

Cod (Gadus morhua, Gadus ogac, Gadus
macrocephalus)...............................................................
Atlantic.......................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Haddock (Melanogrammus aeglefinus).......................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

0302.53.00

00

Coalfish (Pollachius virens)............................................

kg..............

0302.54
0302.54.11

00

Hake (Merluccius spp., Urophycis spp.):

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0302.54.50
0302.55
0302.55.11

00

00

0302.55.50
0302.56

00

0302.56.11

00

0302.56.50
0302.59
0302.59.11

00

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.2¢/kg

Alaska pollock (Theragra chalcogramma):

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.2¢/kg

Blue whitings (Micromesistius poutassou,
Micromesistius australis):

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.2¢/kg

Other:

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

0302.59.50

10

90

Other..........................................................................
Pollock.................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0302 (con.)

0302.71
0302.71.11

00

0302.71.50
0302.72

00

0302.72.11

00

0302.72.50

0302.73

01

04

34

0302.73.11

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-7

Fish, fresh or chilled, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat
of heading 0304: (con.)

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish (Pangasius spp.,
Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.), carp (Cyprinus
spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon idellus,
Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni, Megalobrama
spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch (Lates niloticus) and
snakeheads (Channa spp.), excluding edible fish offal of
subheadings 0302.91 to 0302.99:

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.):

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.2¢/kg

Catfish (Pangasius spp., Silurus spp., Clarias spp.,
Ictalurus spp.):

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

Other..........................................................................
Ictalurus spp.......................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Pangasius spp. including basa and tra...........

Other...................................................................

Carp (Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp.,
Ctenopharyngodon idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp.,
Cirrhinus spp., Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla,
Labeo spp., Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus
hoeveni, Megalobrama spp.):

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg

kg

kg..............

3%1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg
2.2¢/kg

0302.73.50
0302.74.00

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Eels (Anguilla spp.).........................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
Free1/

I
3-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0302 (con.)

0302.79
0302.79.11

00

0302.79.50

0302.81.00

0302.82.00

25

76

11

91
00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fish, fresh or chilled, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat
of heading 0304: (con.)

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish (Pangasius spp.,
Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.), carp (Cyprinus
spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon idellus,
Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni, Megalobrama
spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch (Lates niloticus) and
snakeheads (Channa spp.), excluding edible fish offal of
subheadings 0302.91 to 0302.99: (con.)

Other:

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other..........................................................................
Nile perch............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg

Other fish, excluding edible fish offal of subheadings
0302.91 to 0302.99:

Dogfish and other sharks...............................................
Dogfish (Squalus spp.)............................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Rays and skates (Rajidae).............................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

0302.83.00

00

Toothfish (Dissostichus spp.)........................................

kg..............

0302.84
0302.84.11

00

Seabass (Dicentrarchus spp.):

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0302.84.50
0302.85
0302.85.11

00

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.2¢/kg

Seabream (Sparidae):

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been removed, but not otherwise processed),
in immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less.............................................

kg..............

3%1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0302.85.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.2¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-9

Fish, fresh or chilled, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat
of heading 0304: (con.)

Other fish, excluding edible fish offal of subheadings
0302.91 to 0302.99: (con.)

Other :

Scaled (whether or not heads, viscera and/or fins
have been processed), in immediate containers
weighing with their contents 6.8 kg or less............

..................

3%1/

Sable fish (Anoplopoma fimbria).....................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

Free1/

Fresh-water fish:

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0302 (con.)

0302.89
0302.89.11

0302.89.50

20

40

07

10

13

25
28

31

34
37

40

49

52

55

58

61

64

67

70

72

77

0302.91
0302.91.20

00

0302.91.40

0302.92.00

10

90
00

Pike...............................................................

Pickerel........................................................

Perch:

Pike perch (including yellow pike)......

Other......................................................
Bass..............................................................

Whitefish......................................................

Other.............................................................
Smelts.................................................................

Cusk....................................................................

Shad and sturgeon............................................

Sable fish (Anoplopoma fimbria).....................

Ocean perch.......................................................

Snapper (Lutjanidae).........................................

Grouper...............................................................

Lingcod (Ophiodon elongatus)........................

Monkfish (Lophius spp.)...................................

Atka mackerel (Atkafish) (Pleurogrammus
monopterygius)..................................................

Dolphin fish (mahi mahi) (Coryphaena
spp.)....................................................................

Other...................................................................

Livers, roes, milt, fish fins, heads, tails, maws and other
edible fish offal:

Livers, roes and milt:

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Sturgeon roe..............................................................

kg..............

15%1/

Other..........................................................................
Mullet roe............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Shark fins.........................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

0302.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

44¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

44¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0303

0303.11.00

00

0303.12.00

12

22

32

52

62
00

0303.13.00

0303.14.00

00

Fish, frozen, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat of heading
0304:

Salmonidae, excluding edible fish offal of subheadings
0303.91 to 0303.99:

Sockeye salmon (red salmon) (Oncorhynchus
nerka)................................................................................

Other Pacific salmon (Oncorhynchus gorbuscha,
Oncorhynchus keta, Oncorhynchus tschawytscha,
Oncorhynchus kisutch, Oncorhynchus masou and
Oncorhynchus rhodurus)................................................
Chinook (king)...........................................................

Chum (dog)...............................................................

Pink (humpie)............................................................

Coho (silver)..............................................................

Other..........................................................................

Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and Danube salmon
(Hucho hucho).................................................................

Trout (Salmo trutta, Oncorhynchus mykiss,
Oncorhynchus clarki, Oncorhynchus aguabonita,
Oncorhynchus gilae, Oncorhynchus apache and
Oncorhynchus chrysogaster).........................................

kg..............

Free1/

..................
kg

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

0303.19.01

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Tilapias(Oreochromis spp.), catfish (Pangasius spp.,
Silurus spp., Clarias spp.,Ictalurus spp.), carp (Cyprinus
spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodonidellus,
Hypophthalmichthys spp.,Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catlacatla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni, Megalobrama
spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch (Lates niloticus) and
snakeheads (Channa spp.), excluding edible fishoffal of
subheadings 0303.91 to 0303.99:

0303.23.00

00

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.)..........................................

kg..............

Free1/

0303.24.00

10

20

50
00

0303.25.01

Catfish (Pangasius spp., Silurus spp., Clarias spp.,
Ictalurus spp.)..................................................................
Ictalurus spp..............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Pangasius spp. including basa and tra..................

Other..........................................................................

Carp (Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp.,
Ctenopharyngodon idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp.,
Cirrhinus spp., Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla,
Labeo spp., Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus
hoeveni, Megalobrama spp.).........................................

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

0303.26.00

00

Eels (Anguilla spp.).........................................................

kg..............

0303.29.01

10

50

Other.................................................................................
Nile perch..................................................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................

kg

Free1/

Free1/

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-11

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0303 (con.)

0303.31.00

10

20

30

0303.32.00

00

Fish, frozen, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat of heading
0304: (con.)

Flat fish (Pleuronectidae, Bothidae, Cynoglossidae,
Soleidae, Scophthalmidae and Citharidae), excluding
edible fish offal of subheadings 0303.91 to 0303.99:
Halibut and Greenland turbot (Reinhardtius
hippoglossoides, Hippoglossus hippoglossus,
Hippoglossus stenolepis)...............................................
Atlantic halibut (Hippoglossus hippoglossus).......

..................
kg

Free1/

Pacific halibut (Hippoglossus stenolepis).............

kg

Greenland turbot (Greenland halibut) (Reinhardtius
hippoglossoides)......................................................
Plaice (Pleuronectes platessa)......................................

kg
kg..............

0303.33.00

00

Sole (Solea spp.).............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1.1¢/kg1/

0303.34.00

00

Turbots (Psetta maxima)................................................

kg..............

1.1¢/kg1/

0303.39.01

Other.................................................................................

..................

1.1¢/kg1/

10

20

30

95

Flounder.....................................................................

Rock sole (Pleuronectes bilineatus).......................

Yellowfin sole (Pleuronectes asper).......................

Other..........................................................................
Tunas (of the genus Thunnus), skipjack tuna (stripe-bellied
bonito) (Katsuwonus pelamis), excluding edible fish offal
of subheadings 0303.91 to 0303.99:

kg

kg

kg

kg

0303.41.00

00

Albacore or longfinned tunas (Thunnus alalunga).......

kg..............

0303.42.00

0303.43.00

20

40

60
00

0303.45.01

10

50
00

0303.46.00

Yellowfin tunas (Thunnus albacares)............................
Whole fish..................................................................

..................
kg

Other:

Head-on..............................................................

Other...................................................................

Skipjack tuna (stripe-bellied bonito) (Katsuwonus
pelamis)............................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

Atlantic and Pacific bluefin tunas (Thunnus thynnus,
Thunnus orientalis)..........................................................
Thunnus thynnus.......................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Thunnus orientalis....................................................
Southern bluefin tunas (Thunnus maccoyii).................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

0303.44.00

00

Bigeye tunas (Thunnus obesus)....................................

kg..............

Free1/

0303.49.02

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

I
3-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0303 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fish, frozen, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat of heading
0304: (con.)

Herrings (Clupea harengus, Clupea pallasii), anchovies
(Engraulis spp.), sardines (Sardina pilchardus, Sardinops
spp.), sardinella (Sardinella spp.), brisling or sprats
(Sprattus sprattus), mackerel (Scomber scombrus,
Scomber australasicus, Scomber japonicus), Indian
mackerels (Rastrelliger spp.), seerfishes (Scomberomorus
spp.), jack and horse mackerel (Trachurus spp.), jacks,
crevalles (Caranx spp.), cobia (Rachycentron canadum),
silver pomfrets (Pampus spp.), Pacific saury (Cololabis
saira), scads (Decapterus spp.), capelin (Mallotus
villosus), swordfish (Xiphias gladius), Kawakawa
(Euthynnus affinis), bonitos (Sarda spp.), marlins,
sailfishes, spearfish (Istiophoridae), excluding edible fish
offal of subheadings 0303.91 to 0303.99:

0303.51.00

00

Herrings (Clupea harengus, Clupea pallasii)..............

kg..............

Free1/

0303.53.00

00

Sardines (Sardina pilchardus, Sardinops spp.),
sardinella (Sardinella spp.), brisling or sprats (Sprattus
sprattus)............................................................................

kg..............

1.1¢/kg1/

0303.54.00

00

Mackerel (Scomber scombrus, Scomber
australasicus, Scomber japonicus)...............................

kg..............

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0303.55.00

00

Jack and horse mackerel (Trachurus spp.)..................

kg..............

0303.56.00

00

Cobia (Rachycentron canadum)....................................

kg..............

0303.57.00

0303.59.00

0303.63.00

0303.64.00

10

90
00

10

90
00

Swordfish (Xiphias gladius)...........................................
Steaks........................................................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Fish of the families Bregmacerotidae, Euclichthyidae,
Gadidae, Macrouridae, Melanonidae, Merlucciidae,
Moridae and Muraenolepididae, excluding edible fish offal
of subheadings 0303.91 to 0303.99:

Cod (Gadus morhua, Gadus ogac, Gadus
macrocephalus)...............................................................
Atlantic.......................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Haddock (Melanogrammus aeglefinus).......................

kg
kg..............

0303.65.00

00

Coalfish (Pollachius virens)............................................

kg..............

0303.66.00

00

Hake (Merluccius spp., Urophycis spp.)......................

kg..............

0303.67.00

00

Alaska pollock (Theragra chalcogramma)...................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

0303.68.00

00

Blue whitings (Micromesistius poutassou,
Micromesistius australis)................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0303.69.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free

Free

2.2¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0303 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-13

Fish, frozen, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat of heading
0304: (con.)

Other fish, excluding edible fish offal of subheadings
0303.91 to 0303.99:

0303.81.00

Dogfish and other sharks...............................................

..................

1.1¢/kg1/

11

91
00

0303.82.00

Dogfish (Squalus spp.)............................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Rays and skates (Rajidae).............................................

kg
kg..............

0303.83.00

00

Toothfish (Dissostichus spp.)........................................

kg..............

0303.84.00

00

Sea Bass (Dicentrachus spp.).......................................

kg..............

0303.89.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

2.2¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

01

04
10

13

28

31

34

37

40

43
46

49

52

55

58

61

64

67

70

80

Smelts:

Sea smelts..........................................................

Other smelts.......................................................
Cusk...........................................................................

Shad and sturgeon...................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

Fresh-water fish:

Pike and pickerel...............................................

kg

Perch and pike perch (including yellow
pike).....................................................................

Sauger.................................................................

Whitefish.............................................................

Tilapias, other than Oreochromis spp.............

Other...................................................................

Atka mackerel (Atkafish) (Pleurogrammus
monopterygius).........................................................

Mullet..........................................................................

Monkfish (Lophius spp.)..........................................

Butterfish...................................................................

Capelin.......................................................................

Sable fish (Anoplopoma fimbria)............................

Ocean perch..............................................................

Snapper (Lutjanidae spp.).......................................

Grouper......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0303 (con.)

0303.91
0303.91.20

00

0303.91.40

20

40

50

60

95
00

0303.92.00

Fish, frozen, excluding fish fillets and other fish meat of heading
0304: (con.)

Livers, roes, milt, fish fins, heads, tails, maws and other
edible fish offal:

Livers, roes and milt:

Sturgeon roe..............................................................

kg..............

15%1/

Other..........................................................................
Herring roe..........................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Salmon roe.........................................................

kg

Alaska pollock (Theragra chalcogramma)
roe........................................................................

Mullet roe............................................................

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Shark fins.........................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.1¢/kg1/

0303.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0304

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen:

Fresh or chilled fillets of tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish
(Pangasius spp., Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.),
carp (Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon
idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni, Megalobrama
spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch (Lates niloticus) and
snakeheads (Channa spp.):

0304.31.00

00

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.)..........................................

kg..............

Free1/

0304.32.00

10

20

90
00

0304.33.00

Catfish (Pangasius spp., Silurus spp., Clarias spp.,
Ictalurus spp.)..................................................................
Ictalurus spp..............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Pangasius spp. including basa and tra..................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Nile perch (Lates niloticus).............................................

kg
kg..............

0304.39.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

44¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

44¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0304 (con.)

0304.41.00

10

20
90
00

10

15

20

25

90

10

15
20

25

30

90
00

0304.42.00

0304.43.00

0304.44.00

0304.45.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-15

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)

Fresh or chilled fillets of other fish:

Pacific salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka, Oncorhynchus
gorbuscha, Oncorhynchus keta, Oncorhynchus
tschawytscha, Oncorhynchus kisutch, Oncorhynchus
masou and Oncorhynchus rhodurus) Atlantic Salmon
(Salmo salar) and Danube salmon (Hucho hucho)......

Atlantic Salmon (Salmo salar):

Farmed................................................................

Not Farmed.........................................................
Other..........................................................................

Trout (Salmo trutta, Oncorhynchus mykiss,
Oncorhynchus clarki, Oncorhynchus aguabonita,
Oncorhynchus gilae Oncorhynchus apache, and
Oncorhynchus chrysogaster).........................................

kg

kg
kg

kg..............

Free1/

..................

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Flat Fish (Pleuronectidae, Bothidae, Cynoglossidae,
Soleidae, Scophthalmidae, and Citharidae)................
Sole............................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Paice..........................................................................

Flounder.....................................................................

Greenland turbot (Greenland halibut),
(Reinhardtius hippoglossoides)..............................

Other..........................................................................
Fish of the families Bregmacerotidae, Euclichthyidae,
Gadidae, Macrouridae, Melanonidae, Merlucciidae,
Moridae and Muraenolepididae....................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

Cod:

Atlantic Cod........................................................

Other...................................................................
Haddock....................................................................

Pollock.......................................................................

Hake...........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Swordfish (Xiphias gladius)...........................................

kg
kg..............

0304.46.00

00

Toothfish (Dissostichus spp.)........................................

kg..............

0304.47.00

00

Dogfish and other sharks...............................................

kg..............

0304.48.00

00

Rays and skates (Rajidae).............................................

kg..............

0304.49.01

Other.................................................................................

..................

03

06

09

12

15
20

25

90

Fresh-water fish:

Pike......................................................................

Pickerel...............................................................

Whitefish.............................................................

Tilapia, other than Oreochromis spp...............

Other...................................................................
Atlantic ocean perch.................................................

Cusk...........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

I
3-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0304 (con.)

0304.51.01

10

15

20

25

90

10

15
20

90

10

15
20

25

30

90
00

0304.52.00

0304.53.00

0304.54.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)

Other, fresh or chilled:

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish (Pangasius spp.,
Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.), carp
(Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon
idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni,
Megalobrama spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch
(Lates niloticus) and snakeheads (Channa spp.)........
Ictalurus spp..............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Pangasius spp., including basa and tra.................

Nile Perch..................................................................

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.)....................................

kg

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Salmonidae......................................................................

kg
..................

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar):

Farmed................................................................

Not farmed..........................................................
Other salmon.............................................................

Other..........................................................................
Fish of the families Bregmacerotidae, Euclichthyidae,
Gadidae, Macrouridae, Melanonidae, Merlucciidae,
Moridae and Muraenolepididae....................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

..................

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

Cod:

Atlantic Cod........................................................

Other...................................................................
Haddock....................................................................

Pollock.......................................................................

Hake...........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Swordfish (Xiphias gladius)...........................................

kg
kg..............

0304.55.00

00

Toothfish (Dissostichus spp.)........................................

kg..............

0304.56.00

00

Dogfish and other sharks...............................................

kg..............

0304.57.00

00

Rays and skates (Rajidae).............................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-17

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)

Other, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0304 (con.)

0304.59.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

03

06

09
15

20

25

30

36

40

45

50

55

61
65

70

91

Fresh-water fish:

Perch:

Yellow perch................................................

Pike perch (including yellow pike).............

Other.............................................................
Pike......................................................................

Pickerel...............................................................

Whitefish.............................................................

Tilapia other than Oreochromis spp................

Other...................................................................

Flat Fish:

Sole.....................................................................

Plaice...................................................................

Flounder..............................................................

Greenland turbot (Greenland halibut),
(Reinhardtius hippoglossoides).......................

Other...................................................................
Atlantic ocean perch.................................................

Cusk...........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Frozen fillets of tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish
(Pangasius spp., Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.),
carp (Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon
idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbushoeveni, Megalobrama
spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch (Lates niloticus) and
snakeheads (Channa spp.):

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

0304.61.00

00

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.)..........................................

kg..............

Free1/

0304.62.00

10

20

30

90
00

0304.63.00

Catfish (Pangasius spp., Silurus spp., Clarias spp.,
Ictalurus spp.)..................................................................
Ictalurus spp..............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Pangasius spp. (including basa and tra)...............

Other Siluriformes....................................................

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Nile perch (Lates niloticus).............................................

kg
kg..............

0304.69.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

I
3-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0304 (con.)

0304.71

0304.71.10

00

0304.71.50
0304.72
0304.72.10

00

00

0304.72.50

00

0304.73
0304.73.10

00

0304.73.50
0304.74
0304.74.10

00

00

0304.74.50
0304.75
0304.75.10

00

00

00

0304.75.50
0304.79
0304.79.10

10

15

90
00

0304.79.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)

Frozen fillets of the families Bregmacerotidae,
Euclichthyidae, Gadidae, Macrouridae, Melanonidae,
Merlucciidae, Moridae and Muraenolepididae:
Cod (Gadus morhua, Gadus ogac,Gadus
macrocephalus):

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................

kg..............

Free

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free

Haddock (Melanogrammus aeglefinus):

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................

kg..............

Free

Other2/........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Coalfish (Pollachius virens):

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................

kg..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Hake (Merluccius spp., Urophycis spp.):

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................

kg..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Alaska pollock (Theragra chalcogramma):

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................

kg..............

Free

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................
Pollock other than Alaska pollock....................

..................
kg

Free1/

Whiting (Merluccius spp.).................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

2.8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-19

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)

Frozen fillets of other fish:

Pacific salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka, Oncorhynchus
gorbuscha, Oncorhynchus keta, Oncorhynchus
tschawytscha, Oncorhynchus kisutch, Oncorhynchus
masou and Oncorhynchus rhodurus) Atlantic Salmon
(Salmo salar) and Danube salmon (Hucho hucho):

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................

kg..............

Free

Other..........................................................................
Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar)..........................

..................
kg

Free

Other...................................................................

kg

Trout (Salmo trutta, Oncorhynchus mykiss,
Oncorhynchus clarki, Oncorhynchus aguabonita,
Oncorhynchus gilae Oncorhynchus apache and
Oncorhynchus chrysogaster):

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................

kg..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Flat fish (Pleuronectidae, Bothidae, Cynoglossidae,
Soleidae, Scophthalmidae, and Citharidae):

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................

Greenland turbot (Greenland halibut)
(Reinhardtius hippoglossoides).......................

Sole2/...................................................................

Flounder2/............................................................

Other:

Halibut..........................................................

Turbot...........................................................

..................

Free1/

2.8¢/kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

Greenland turbot (Greenland halibut)
(Reinhardtius hippoglossoides).......................

Sole2/...................................................................

Flounder2/............................................................

Other:

Halibut..........................................................

Turbot...........................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other2/...........................................................
Swordfish (Xiphias gladius)...........................................

kg
kg..............

0304.85.00

00

Toothfish (Dissostichus spp.)........................................

kg..............

0304.86.00

00

Herrings (Clupea harengus, Clupea pallasii)..............

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0304 (con.)

0304.81

0304.81.10

00

0304.81.50

0304.82

10

90

0304.82.10

00

0304.82.50
0304.83

00

0304.83.10

10

15

20

25

30

90

10

15

20

25

30

90
00

0304.83.50

0304.84.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
3-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0304 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)

Frozen fillets of other fish: (con.)

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

0304.87.00

00

Tunas (of the genus Thunnus), skipjack tuna
(stripe-bellied bonito) (Katsuwonus pelamis)...............

kg..............

Free1/

0304.88.00

00

Dogfish, other sharks, rays and skates (Rajidae).......

kg..............

Free1/

0304.89
0304.89.10

0304.89.50

10

15

20

25

30

35
90

03

06

09
15

20

25

30
35

40

45

50

55

60

91

Other:

Skinned, whether or not divided into pieces, and
frozen into blocks each weighing over 4.5 kg,
imported to be minced, ground or cut into pieces
of uniform weights and dimensions........................
Ocean catfish (wolf fish)...................................

Pickerel...............................................................

Sauger.................................................................

Perch:

Atlantic ocean perch...................................

Other ocean perch......................................

..................
kg

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg
..................

Free1/

Fresh-water fish:

Perch:

Yellow perch.........................................

Pike perch (including yellow pike)......

Other......................................................
Pickerel........................................................

Pike...............................................................

Sauger..........................................................

Other.............................................................
Atlantic ocean perch..........................................

Other ocean perch.............................................

Ocean catfish (wolf fish)...................................

Orange roughy (Hoplostethus atlanticus).......

Dolphin (Mahi mahi) (Coryphaena spp.).........

Cusk....................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-21

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0304 (con.)

0304.91
0304.91.10

00

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)
Other, frozen:

Swordfish (Xiphias gladius):

In bulk or in immediate containers weighing with
their contents over 6.8 kg each...............................

kg..............

Free1/

0304.91.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

0304.92
0304.92.10

00

Toothfish (Dissostichus spp.):

In bulk or in immediate containers weighing with
their contents over 6.8 kg each...............................

kg..............

Free1/

0304.92.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

2.8¢/kg

25%

2.8¢/kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0304.93

0304.93.10

05

10
90
00

05

10
90
00

0304.93.90

0304.94
0304.94.10

0304.94.90

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish (Pangasius spp.,
Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.), carp
(Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon
idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni,
Megalobrama spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch
(Lates niloticus) and snakeheads (Channa spp.):

In bulk or in immediate containers weighing with
their contents over 6.8 kg each...............................

..................

Free1/

2.8¢/kg

Minced:

Surimi...........................................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg
kg..............

6%1/

Alaska pollock (Theragra chalcogramma):

In bulk or in immediate containers weighing with
their contents over 6.8 kg each...............................

..................

Free

Minced:

Surimi...........................................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg
kg..............

6%1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8¢/kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)

Other, frozen: (con.)

Fish of the families Bregmacerotidae, Euclichthyidae,
Gadidae, Macrouridae, Melanonidae, Merlucciidae,
Moridae and Muraenolepididae, other than Alaska
Pollock (Theragra chalcogramma):

In bulk or in immediate containers weighing with
their contents over 6.8 kg each...............................

..................

Free1/

2.8¢/kg

I
3-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0304 (con.)

0304.95

0304.95.10

05

10

15

20

25

30

90
00

0304.95.90

Minced:

Surimi...........................................................

kg

Other:

Cod........................................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Cod...............................................................

Haddock.......................................................

Pollock..........................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

6%

0304.96.00

00

Dogfish and other sharks...............................................

kg..............

0304.97.00

00

Rays and skates (Rajidae).............................................

kg..............

6%1/

6%1/

25%

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-23

Fish fillets and other fish meat (whether or not minced), fresh,
chilled or frozen: (con.)

Other, frozen: (con.)

Other:

In bulk or in immediate containers weighing with
their contents over 6.8 kg each...............................

..................

Free1/

2.8¢/kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0304 (con.)

0304.99
0304.99.11

04

09

50

60

70

82

83

84

90

94

90

92

0304.99.91

Minced:

Surimi...........................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Sole...............................................................

kg

Greenland turbot (Greenland halibut)
(Reinhardtius hippoglossoides)................

Ocean perch................................................

Pike...............................................................

Whitefish......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Fresh-water...........................................

kg

Tuna [of genus Thunnus and of fish of
the genus Euthynnus(Katsuwonus)
pelamis].................................................

kg

Other......................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

6%1/

Ocean..................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

I
3-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0305

0305.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fish, dried, salted or in brine; smoked fish, whether or not
cooked before or during the smoking process:

Livers, roes and milt of fish, dried, smoked, salted or in
brine:

0305.20.20

00

Sturgeon roe....................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

0305.20.40

20

40

65

0305.31.01

00

0305.32.00

10

90

00

0305.39
0305.39.20

Other.................................................................................
Salmon roe................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Herring roe.................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Fish fillets, dried, salted or in brine, but not smoked:

kg

kg

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish (Pangasius spp.,
Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.), carp
(Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon
idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni,
Megalobrama spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch
(Lates niloticus) and snakeheads (Channa spp.) .......

Fish of the families Bregmacerotidae, Euclichthyidae,
Gadidae, Macrouridae, Melanonidae, Merlucciidae,
Moridae and Muraenolepididae....................................
Cod.............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other:

Herrings, in immediate containers weighing with
their contents 6.8 kg or less each...........................

kg..............

4%1/

0305.39.40

00

Mackerel, in immediate containers weighing with
their contents 6.8 kg or less each...........................

kg..............

5%1/

0305.39.61

10

80

Other..........................................................................
Herring................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

44¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0305 (con.)

0305.41.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-25

Fish, dried, salted or in brine; smoked fish, whether or not
cooked before or during the smoking process: (con.)

Smoked fish, including fillets, other than edible fish offal:
Pacific salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka, Oncorhynchus
gorbuscha, Oncorhynchus keta, Oncorhynchus
tschawytscha, Oncorhynchus kisutch, Oncorhynchus
masou and Oncorhynchus rhodurus),Atlantic salmon
(Salmo salar) and Danube salmon (Hucho hucho)......

kg..............

5%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0305.42.00

Herrings (Clupea harengus, Clupea pallasii)..............

..................

Free1/

6.6¢/kg

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

6.6¢/kg

20

50

60
00

0305.43.00

0305.44.01

00

0305.49
0305.49.20

0305.49.40

00

20

45

Whole or beheaded but not otherwise
processed..................................................................

Other:

Boneless.............................................................

Other...................................................................

Trout (Salmo trutta, Oncorhynchus mykiss,
Oncorhynchus clarki, Oncorhynchus aguabonita,
Oncorhynchus gilae, Oncorhynchus apache and
Oncorhynchus chrysogaster).........................................

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish (Pangasius spp.,
Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.), carp
(Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon
idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni,
Megalobrama spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch
(Lates niloticus) and snakeheads (Channa spp.)........

Other:

kg..............

Free1/

Mackerel....................................................................

kg..............

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

Cod, cusk, haddock, hake (Urophycis spp.)
and pollock.........................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

6.6¢/kg

25%

6.6¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fish, dried, salted or in brine; smoked fish, whether or not
cooked before or during the smoking process: (con.)

Dried fish, other than edible fish offal, whether or not salted
but not smoked:

Cod (Gadus morhua, Gadus ogac, Gadus
macrocephalus)...............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5¢/kg

I
3-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0305 (con.)

0305.51.00

00

0305.52.00

00

0305.53.00

00

0305.54.00

00

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish (Pangasius spp.,
Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.), carp
(Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon
idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni,
Megalobrama spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch
(Lates niloticus) and snakeheads (Channa spp.)........

Fish of the families Bregmacerotidae, Euclichthyidae,
Gadidae, Macrouridae,Melanonidae, Merlucciidae,
Moridae and Muraenolepididae, other than cod (Gadus
morhua, Gadus ogac, Gadus macrocephalus). .........

Herrings (Clupea harengus, Clupea pallasii),
anchovies (Engraulis spp.), sardines (Sardina
pilchardus, Sardinops spp.), sardinella (Sardinella
spp.), brisling or sprats (Sprattus sprattus), mackerel
(Scomber scombrus, Scomber australasicus, Scomber
japonicus), Indian mackerels (Rastrelliger spp.),
seerfishes (Scomberomorus spp.), jack and horse
mackerel (Trachurus spp.), jacks, crevalles (Caranx
spp.), cobia (Rachycentron canadum), silver pomfrets
(Pampus spp.), Pacific saury (Cololabis saira), scads
(Decapterus spp.), capelin (Mallotus villosus),
swordfish (Xiphias gladius), Kawakawa (Euthynnus
affinis), bonitos (Sarda spp.), marlins, sailfishes,
spearfish (Istiophoridae).................................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

0305.59.00

01

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.8¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-27

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

Fish, dried, salted or in brine; smoked fish, whether or not
cooked before or during the smoking process: (con.)

Fish, salted but not dried or smoked and fish in brine, other
than edible fish offal:

Herrings (Clupea harengus, Clupea pallasii):

In immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less each....................................

kg..............

4%1/

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Cod (Gadus morhua, Gadus ogac, Gadus
macrocephalus)...............................................................
Whole; or processed by removal of heads, fins,
viscera, scales, vertebral columns or any
combination thereof, but not otherwise processed:
Having a moisture content by weight over 50
percent................................................................

Having a moisture content by weight over 45
percent but not over 50 percent.......................

Having a moisture content by weight over 43
percent but not over 45 percent.......................

Having a moisture content by weight not over
43 percent...........................................................

Other:

Having a moisture content by weight over 50
percent................................................................

Having a moisture content by weight over 45
percent but not over 50 percent.......................

Having a moisture content by weight over 43
percent but not over 45 percent.......................

Having a moisture content by weight not over
43 percent...........................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0305 (con.)

0305.61
0305.61.20

00

0305.61.40
0305.62.00

00

10

25

30

45

50

60

70

80

0305.63

Anchovies (Engraulis spp.):

In immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less each:

0305.63.20

00

In airtight containers..........................................

kg..............

5%1/

0305.63.40
0305.63.60

00
00

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

1%
2.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0305 (con.)

0305.64

0305.64.10

00

Fish, dried, salted or in brine; smoked fish, whether or not
cooked before or during the smoking process: (con.)

Fish, salted but not dried or smoked and fish in brine, other
than edible fish offal: (con.)

Tilapias (Oreochromis spp.), catfish (Pangasius spp.,
Silurus spp., Clarias spp., Ictalurus spp.), carp
(Cyprinus spp., Carassius spp., Ctenopharyngodon
idellus, Hypophthalmichthys spp., Cirrhinus spp.,
Mylopharyngodon piceus, Catla catla, Labeo spp.,
Osteochilus hasselti, Leptobarbus hoeveni,
Megalobrama spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), Nile perch
(Lates niloticus) and snakeheads (Channa spp.):

In immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less each....................................

kg..............

Free1/

0305.64.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

0.5%1/

25%

1%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0305.69
0305.69.10

Other:

Cusk, haddock, hake (Urophycis spp.) and
pollock........................................................................
Whole; or processed by removal of heads, fins,
viscera, scales, vertebral columns or any
combination thereof, but not otherwise
processed:

Hake.............................................................

Pollock..........................................................

Haddock and cusk......................................

Other:

Hake.............................................................

Pollock..........................................................

Haddock and cusk......................................

Mackerel:

21

22

29

41

42

49

..................

Free1/

2.8¢/kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

0305.69.20

00

In immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less each.............................

kg..............

5%1/

0305.69.30
0305.69.40

00
00

Other...................................................................
Salmon.......................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
3%1/

Other:

0305.69.50

01

In immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less each.............................

kg..............

Free1/

0305.69.60

01

Other...................................................................

kg..............

0.5%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg
25%

25%

1%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-29

Fish, dried, salted or in brine; smoked fish, whether or not
cooked before or during the smoking process: (con.)

Fish fins, heads, tails, maws and other edible fish offal:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0305 (con.)

0305.71.00

00

Shark fins.........................................................................

kg..............

0305.72.00

00

Fish heads, tails and maws............................................

kg..............

0305.79.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

2.8¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

Free

Free

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15%

Free

Crustaceans, whether in shell or not, live, fresh, chilled, frozen,
dried, salted or in brine; smoked crustaceans, whether in shell
or not, whether or not cooked before or during the smoking
process; crustaceans, in shell, cooked by steaming or by boiling
in water, whether or not chilled, frozen, dried, salted or in brine:

Frozen:

Rock lobster and other sea crawfish (Palinurus spp.,
Panulirus spp., Jasus spp.)............................................
Caribbean spiny lobster (Panulirus argus)............

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Lobsters (Homarus spp.)...............................................

kg
..................

Free1/

In airtight containers:

In brine................................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

In brine................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Crabs:

Crabmeat...................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

King crab:

Red king crab (Paralithodes
camtschaticus)............................................

Blue king crab (Paralithodes platypus)......

Golden/brown king crab (Lithodes
aequispinus)................................................

Southern red santolla king crab (Lithodes
santolla formerly L. antarcticus)................

Other.............................................................
Snow crab...........................................................

Dungeness crab.................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

0306

0306.11.00

0306.12.00

0306.14
0306.14.20

0306.14.40

0306.15.00

10

20

10

30

50

70

00

03

06

09

12

15
20

30

90
00

Other...................................................................
Norway lobsters (Nephrops norvegicus)......................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free

I
3-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0306 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Crustaceans, whether in shell or not, live, fresh, chilled, frozen,
dried, salted or in brine; smoked crustaceans, whether in shell
or not, whether or not cooked before or during the smoking
process; crustaceans, in shell, cooked by steaming or by boiling
in water, whether or not chilled, frozen, dried, salted or in brine:
(con.)

Frozen: (con.)

0306.16.00

Cold-water shrimps and prawns (Pandalus spp.,
Crangon crangon)...........................................................

..................

Free1/

Free

03

06

09

12

15

18

21

24

27

40

Shell-on, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter:

Count size (headless weight) less than 33 per
kg (15s)...............................................................

Count size (headless weight) 33-45 per kg
(15-20s)..............................................................

Count size (headless weight) 46-55 per kg
(21-25s)..............................................................

Count size (headless weight) 56-66 per kg
(26-30s)..............................................................

Count size (headless weight) 67-88 per kg
(31-40s)..............................................................

Count size (headless weight) 89-110 per kg
(41-50s)..............................................................

Count size (headless weight) 111-132 per kg
(51-60s)..............................................................

Count size (headless weight) 133-154 per kg
(61-70s)..............................................................

Count size (headless weight) more than 154
per kg (70s)........................................................

Peeled, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0306 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-31

Crustaceans, whether in shell or not, live, fresh, chilled, frozen,
dried, salted or in brine; smoked crustaceans, whether in shell
or not, whether or not cooked before or during the smoking
process; crustaceans, in shell, cooked by steaming or by boiling
in water, whether or not chilled, frozen, dried, salted or in brine:
(con.)

Frozen: (con.)

0306.17.00

Other shrimps and prawns.............................................

..................

Free1/

Free

Shell-on, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter:

Farmed:

Count size (headless weight) less than 33
per kg (15s).................................................

Count size (headless weight) 33-45 per
kg (15-20s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 46-55 per
kg (21-25s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 56-66 per
kg (26-30s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 67-88 per
kg (31-40s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 89-110 per
kg (41-50s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 111-132 per
kg (51-60s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 133-154 per
kg (61-70s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) more than
154 per kg (70s)..........................................

Not farmed:

Count size (headless weight) less than 33
per kg (15s).................................................

Count size (headless weight) 33-45 per
kg (15-20s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 46-55 per
kg (21-25s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 56-66 per
kg (26-30s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 67-88 per
kg (31-40s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 89-110 per
kg (41-50s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 111-132 per
kg (51-60s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) 133-154 per
kg (61-70s)..................................................

Count size (headless weight) more than
154 per kg (70s)..........................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

04

05

07

08

10

11

13

14

16

17

19

20

22

23

25

26

28

29

I
3-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0306 (con.)

0306.17.00
(con.)

0306.19.01

41

42

10

30

61

0306.31.00

00

0306.32.00

10

90

00

0306.33
0306.33.20

0306.33.40
0306.34.00

00
00

0306.35.00

0306.36.00

20

40

20

40

0306.39.01

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Crustaceans, whether in shell or not, live, fresh, chilled, frozen,
dried, salted or in brine; smoked crustaceans, whether in shell
or not, whether or not cooked before or during the smoking
process; crustaceans, in shell, cooked by steaming or by boiling
in water, whether or not chilled, frozen, dried, salted or in brine:
(con.)

Frozen: (con.)

Other shrimps and prawns (con.)

Peeled, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter:

Farmed................................................................

kg

Not farmed..........................................................
Other.................................................................................
Freshwater crawfish.................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Antarctic krill (Euphausia superba)........................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Live, fresh or chilled:

Rock lobster and other sea crawfish (Palinurus spp.,
Panulirus spp., Jasus spp.)............................................

kg..............

Free1/

Lobsters (Homarus spp.)...............................................
Live.............................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Crabs:

Crabmeat...................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

Other..........................................................................
Norway lobsters (Nephrops norvegicus)......................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
Free1/

Cold-water shrimps and prawns (Pandalus spp.,
Crangon crangon)...........................................................

..................

Free1/

Shell-on, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter................................................

kg

Peeled, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter................................................
Other shrimps and prawns.............................................

kg
..................

Free1/

Shell-on, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter................................................

kg

Peeled, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

Free

15%

Free
Free

Free

Free

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0306 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-33

Crustaceans, whether in shell or not, live, fresh, chilled, frozen,
dried, salted or in brine; smoked crustaceans, whether in shell
or not, whether or not cooked before or during the smoking
process; crustaceans, in shell, cooked by steaming or by boiling
in water, whether or not chilled, frozen, dried, salted or in brine:
(con.)

Other:

0306.91.00

00

Rock lobster and other sea crawfish (Palinurus spp.,
Panulirus spp., Jasus spp.)............................................

kg..............

Free1/

0306.92.00

00

Lobsters (Homarus spp.)...............................................

kg..............

0306.93
0306.93.20

00

Crabs:

Crabmeat...................................................................

kg..............

0306.93.40
0306.94.00

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Norway lobsters (Nephrops norvegicus)......................

kg..............
kg..............

0306.95.00

Shrimps and prawns.......................................................

..................

Free1/

7.5%1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20

40

0306.99.01

00

0307

0307.11.00

20

60

80

60

80

60

80

0307.12.00

0307.19.01

Shell-on, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter................................................

kg

Peeled, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Molluscs, whether in shell or not, live, fresh, chilled, frozen,
dried, salted or in brine; smoked molluscs, whether in shell or
not, whether or not cooked before or during the smoking
process:

Oysters:

Live, fresh or chilled........................................................
Seed oysters.............................................................

Free1/

..................
liters
kg

Other:

Farmed................................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Frozen...............................................................................
Farmed.......................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Farmed.......................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Other..........................................................................

kg

Scallops and other molluscs of the family Pectinidae:

0307.21.00

00

Live, fresh or chilled........................................................

kg..............

0307.22.00

00

Frozen...............................................................................

kg..............

0307.29.01

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Mussels (Mytilus spp., Perna spp.):

0307.31.00

0307.32.00

10

90
00

Live, fresh or chilled........................................................
Farmed.......................................................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Frozen...............................................................................

kg
kg..............

0307.39.01

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free

Free

15%

Free
Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

I
3-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0307 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Molluscs, whether in shell or not, live, fresh, chilled, frozen,
dried, salted or in brine; smoked molluscs, whether in shell or
not, whether or not cooked before or during the smoking
process: (con.)

Cuttle fish and squid:

0307.42.00

Live, fresh or chilled........................................................

..................

Free1/

0307.43.00

0307.49.01

20

40
60

10

22

24

29
50
60

22

24

29
50
60

Free

Free

Squid:

Loligo...................................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Frozen...............................................................................

kg
kg
..................

Free1/

Squid:

Fillets...................................................................

kg

Other:

Loligo:

Loligo opalescens................................

Loligo pealei.........................................

kg

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg
kg
..................

Squid:

Loligo:

Loligo opalescens.......................................

Loligo pealei................................................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg
kg
kg

Free1/

Free

Octopus (Octopus spp.):

0307.51.00

00

Live, fresh or chilled........................................................

kg..............

0307.52.00

00

Frozen...............................................................................

kg..............

0307.59.01
0307.60.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Snails, other than sea snails.................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
5%1/

Free

Free

Free
20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0307 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
3-35

Molluscs, whether in shell or not, live, fresh, chilled, frozen,
dried, salted or in brine; smoked molluscs, whether in shell or
not, whether or not cooked before or during the smoking
process: (con.)

Clams, cockles and ark shells (families Arcidae, Arcticidae,
Cardiidae, Donacidae, Hiatellidae, Mactridae,
Mesodesmatidae, Myidae, Semelidae, Solecurtidae,
Solenidae, Tridacnidae and Veneridae):

0307.71.00

Live, fresh or chilled........................................................

..................

Free1/

0307.72.00

0307.79.01

50

70
90

30

51

55
60

30

51

55
60

Clams:

Geoduck.............................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Frozen...............................................................................

kg
kg
..................

Free1/

Clams:

Geoduck.............................................................

Stimsonʼs............................................................

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg
..................

Free1/

Clams:

Geoduck.............................................................

Stimsonʼs............................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Abalone (Haliotis spp.) and stromboid conchs (Strombus
spp.):

kg

kg

kg
kg

0307.81.00

00

Live, fresh or chilled abalone (Haliotis spp.)................

kg..............

Free1/

0307.82.00

00

Live, fresh or chilled stromboid conchs (Strombus
spp.)..................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0307.83.00

00

Frozen abalone (Haliotis spp.).......................................

kg..............

0307.84.00

00

Frozen stromboid conchs (Strombus spp.)..................

kg..............

0307.87.00

00

Other abalone (Haliotis spp.).........................................

kg..............

0307.88.00

00

Other stromboid conchs (Strombus spp.)....................

kg..............

Other:

0307.91.03

0307.92.01

0307.99.03

30

90

30

90
00

Live, fresh or chilled........................................................
Conch.........................................................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Frozen...............................................................................
Conch.........................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

I
3-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0308

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Aquatic invertebrates other than crustaceans and molluscs,
live, fresh, chilled, frozen, dried, salted or in brine; smoked
aquatic invertebrates other than crustaceans and molluscs,
whether or not cooked before or during the smoking process:
Sea cucumbers (Stichopus japonicus, Holothuroidea):

0308.11.00

00

Live, fresh or chilled........................................................

kg..............

0308.12.00

00

Frozen...............................................................................

kg..............

0308.19.01

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

0308.21.00

0308.22.00

0308.29.01
0308.30.00

21

29
00

00
00

Sea urchins (Strongylocentrotus spp., Paracentrotus
lividus, Loxechinus albus, Echinus esculentus):

Live, fresh or chilled........................................................
Roe.............................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Frozen...............................................................................

kg
kg..............

Other.................................................................................
Jellyfish (Rhopilema spp.)....................................................

kg..............
kg..............

0308.90.01

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

0309

0309.10
0309.10.05

00

Flours, meals and pellets of fish, crustaceans, molluscs and
other aquatic invertebrates, fit for human consumption:

Of fish:

In bulk or in immediate containers weighing with their
contents over 6.8 kg each..............................................

kg..............

Free1/

0309.10.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

0309.90

Other:

Of crustaceans:

2.8¢/kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0309.90.10

0309.90.20

10

30

61
00

Frozen........................................................................
Freshwater crawfish..........................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Antarctic krill.......................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Live, fresh, or chilled................................................

kg
kg..............

0309.90.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

0309.90.40

0309.90.50

0309.90.60
0309.90.90

30

90

30

90
00
00

Of molluscs:

Live, fresh or chilled.................................................
Conch..................................................................

..................
kg

Other...................................................................
Frozen........................................................................
Conch..................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free
Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free
Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
Endnotes--page 3 - 37

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

DAIRY PRODUCE; BIRDS' EGGS; NATURAL HONEY; EDIBLE PRODUCTS OF ANIMAL ORIGIN,
NOT ELSEWHERE SPECIFIED OR INCLUDED

CHAPTER 4

I
4-1

Notes

1.

2.

The expression "milk" means full cream milk or partially or completely skimmed milk.

For the purposes of heading 0403, yogurt may be concentrated or flavored and may contain added sugar or other sweetening
matter, fruit, nuts, cocoa, chocolate, spices, coffee or coffee extracts, plants, parts of plants, cereals or bakers’ wares, provided
that any added substance is not used for the purpose of replacing, in whole or in part, any milk constituent, and the product
retains the essential character of yogurt.

3.

For the purposes of heading 0405:

(a) The term "butter" means natural butter, whey butter or recombined butter (fresh, salted or rancid, including canned butter)
derived exclusively from milk, with a milkfat content of 80 percent or more but not more than 95 percent by weight, a maximum
milk solids-not-fat content of 2 percent by weight and a maximum water content of 16 percent by weight. Butter does not
contain added emulsifiers, but may contain sodium chloride, food colors, neutralizing salts and cultures of harmless
lactic-acid-producing bacteria.

(b) The expression "dairy spreads" means a spreadable emulsion of the water-in-oil type, containing milkfat as the only fat in

the product, with a milkfat content of 39 percent or more but less than 80 percent by weight.

4. Products obtained by the concentration of whey and with the addition of milk or milkfat are to be classified as cheese in heading

0406 provided that they have the three following characteristics:

(a) A milkfat content, by weight of the dry matter, of 5 percent or more;

(b) A dry matter content, by weight, of at least 70 percent but not exceeding 85 percent; and

(c) They are molded or capable of being molded.

5.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Non-living insects, unfit for human consumption (heading 0511);

(b) Products obtained from whey, containing by weight more than 95 percent lactose, expressed as anhydrous lactose calculated

on the dry matter (heading 1702);

(c) Products obtained from milk by replacing one or more of its natural constituents (for example, butyric fats) by another

substance (for example, oleic fats) (heading 1901 or 2106); or

(d) Albumins (including concentrates of two or more whey proteins, containing by weight more than 80 percent whey proteins,

calculated on the dry matter) (heading 3502) or globulins (heading 3504).

6.

For the purposes of heading 0410, the term “insects” means edible non-living insects, whole or in parts, fresh, chilled, frozen,
dried, smoked, salted or in brine, as well as flours and meals of insects, fit for human consumption. However, it does not cover
edible non-living insects, otherwise prepared or preserved (generally section IV).

Subheading Notes

1.

For the purposes of subheading 0404.10, the expression "modified whey" means products consisting of whey constituents, that
is, whey from which all or part of the lactose, proteins or minerals have been removed, whey to which natural whey constituents
have been added, and products obtained by mixing natural whey constituents.

2.

For the purposes of subheading 0405.10 the term "butter" does not include dehydrated butter or ghee (subheading 0405.90).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-2
Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of this schedule, the term "dairy products described in additional U.S. note 1 to chapter 4" means any of the
following goods: malted milk, and articles of milk or cream (except (a) white chocolate and (b) inedible dried milk powders certified
to be used for calibrating infrared milk analyzers); articles containing over 5.5 percent by weight of butterfat which are suitable
for use as ingredients in the commercial production of edible articles (except articles within the scope of other import quotas
provided for in additional U.S. notes 2 and 3 to chapter 18); or, dried milk, whey or buttermilk (of the type provided for in
subheadings 0402.10, 0402.21, 0403.90 or 0404.10) which contains not over 5.5 percent by weight of butterfat and which is
mixed with other ingredients, including but not limited to sugar, if such mixtures contain over 16 percent milk solids by weight,
are capable of being further processed or mixed with similar or other ingredients and are not prepared for marketing to the
ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported.

2.

For the purposes of this schedule, the expression "EU 27" refers to articles the product of one of the following: Austria, Belgium,
Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, the Federal Republic of Germany, Hungary,
Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Spain, Slovenia, the
Slovak Republic or Sweden.

3.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "soft ripened cow's milk cheese" means cheese which:

(a) Has a prominent crust formed on the exterior surface as a result of curing or ripening by biological curing agents such as

molds, yeasts or other microorganisms;

(b) Visibly cures or ripens from the surface toward the center;

(c) Has a fat content by weight (on a moisture-free basis) of not less than 50 percent; and

(d) Has a moisture content (calculated by weight of the non-fatty matter) of not less than 65 percent, but does not include cheese

with mold distributed throughout its interior.

4.

For the purposes of this chapter, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

the term "capable of being processed or mixed with similar or other ingredients" means that the imported product is in such
condition or container as to be subject to any additional preparation, treatment or manufacture or be blended or combined
with any additional ingredient, including water or any other liquid, other than processing or mixing with other ingredients
performed by the ultimate consumer prior to consumption of the product;

(b)

the term "prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported" means that
the product is imported in packaging of such sizes and labelling as to be readily identifiable as being intended for retail sale
to the ultimate consumer without any alteration in the form of the product or its packaging; and

(c)

the term "ultimate consumer" does not include institutions such as hospitals, prisons and military establishments or food
service establishments such as restaurants, hotels, bars or bakeries.

5.

6.

The aggregate quantity of milk and cream, fluid or frozen, fresh or sour, containing over 6 percent but not over 45 percent by
weight of butterfat, the foregoing goods entered under subheadings 0401.40.05, 0401.50.05 and 0403.90.04 in any calendar
year shall not exceed 6,694,840 liters (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned
quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note, New Zealand shall have access to a quantity of not less than 5,678,117
liters.

The aggregate quantity of butter, and fresh or sour cream containing over 45 percent by weight of butterfat, the foregoing goods
entered under subheadings 0401.50.50, 0403.90.74 and 0405.10.10 in any calendar year shall not exceed 6,977,000 kilograms
(articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such
articles shall be classifiable therein).

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

7.

The aggregate quantity of dried milk, whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, entered under subheadings
0402.10.10 and 0402.21.05 in any calendar year shall not exceed 5,261,000 kilograms (articles the product of Mexico shall not
be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-3

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

8.

9.

The aggregate quantity of dried milk and dried cream, whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, the
foregoing goods entered under subheadings 0402.21.30 and 0403.90.51 in any calendar year shall not exceed 3,321,300
kilograms (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and
no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

The aggregate quantity of dried milk and dried cream, whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, the
foregoing goods entered under subheadings 0402.21.75 and 0403.90.61 in any calendar year shall not exceed 99,500 kilograms
(articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such
articles shall be classifiable therein).

10. The aggregate quantity of dairy products described in additional U.S. note 1 to chapter 4, entered under subheadings 0402.29.10,

0402.99.70, 0403.20.10, 0403.90.90, 0404.10.11, 0404.90.30, 0405.20.60, 1517.90.50, 1704.90.54, 1806.20.81, 1806.32.60,
1806.90.05, 1901.10.21,1901.10.41,1901.10.54,1901.10.64, 1901.20.05, 1901.20.45, 1901.90.61, 1901.90.64, 2105.00.30,
2106.90.06, 2106.90.64, 2106.90.85 and 2202.99.24 in any calendar year shall not exceed 4,105,000 kilograms (articles the
product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall
be classifiable therein).

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note, Australia shall have access to a quantity of not less than 1,016,046
kilograms, and Belgium and Denmark (aggregated) shall have access to a quantity of not less than 154,221 kilograms.

11. The aggregate quantity of milk and cream, condensed or evaporated, the foregoing goods entered under subheadings 0402.91.10,
0402.91.30, 0402.99.10 and 0402.99.30 in any calendar year shall not exceed 6,857,300 kilograms (articles the product of
Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable
therein).

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note, the countries listed below shall have access to not less than the quantities
specified below:

Australia:

condensed, in airtight containers

Canada:

evaporated, in airtight containers
condensed, in airtight containers
other condensed

Denmark:

evaporated, in airtight containers
condensed, in airtight containers

Germany:

evaporated, in airtight containers

Netherlands:

evaporated, in airtight containers
condensed, in airtight containers

Quantity
(kg)

91,625

31,751
994,274
2,267

4,989
605,092

9,979

548,393
153,314

12. The aggregate quantity of dried milk, dried cream and dried whey, the foregoing whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter and entered under subheadings 0403.90.41 and 0404.10.50 in any calendar year shall not exceed 296,000
kilograms (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and
no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Imports under these provisions not in excess of 224,981 kilograms in any calendar year require import licenses, in accordance
with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United
States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of
unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

13. For purposes of subheading 0404.90.10, the term "milk protein concentrate" means any complete milk protein (casein plus

lactalbumin) concentrate that is 40 percent or more protein by weight.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-4
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

14. The aggregate quantity of butter substitutes containing over 45 percent by weight of butterfat, entered under subheadings

0405.20.20, 0405.90.10, 2106.90.24 and 2106.90.34 and butter oil however provided for in this schedule in any calendar year
shall not exceed 6,080,500 kilograms (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned
quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

15. No allowance in weight shall be made for inedible, not readily removable, protective coverings of cheese.

16. The aggregate quantity of cheeses and substitutes for cheese (except (i) cheese not containing cow's milk; (ii) soft ripened cow's

milk cheese; (iii) cheese (except cottage cheese) containing 0.5 percent or less by weight of butterfat; and, (iv) articles within
the scope of other import quotas provided for in additional U.S. notes 17 through 25, inclusive, to this chapter), the foregoing
goods entered under subheadings 0406.10.04, 0406.10.84, 0406.20.89, 0406.30.89 and 0406.90.95 in any calendar year shall
not exceed the quantities specified in this note (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the
aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Argentina
Australia
Canada
Costa Rica
EU 27
Iceland
Israel
New Zealand
Norway
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Other countries or areas
Any country

Quantity
(kg)
100,000
3,050,000
1,141,000
1,550,000
25,632,850
323,000
673,000
11,322,000
150,000
1,720,000
2,213,374
250,000
201,635
300,000

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note for the EU 27, Portugal shall have access to a quantity of not less than
353,000 kilograms.

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note for Israel, no more than 160,000 kilograms shall contain more than 3 percent
by weight of butterfat.

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

17. The aggregate quantity of blue-mold cheese (except Stilton produced in the United Kingdom) and cheese and substitutes for

cheese containing, or processed from, blue-mold cheese, the foregoing goods entered under subheadings 0406.10.14, 0406.20.24,
0406.20.61, 0406.30.14, 0406.30.61, 0406.40.54, 0406.40.58 and 0406.90.72 in any calendar year, shall not exceed the quantities
specified in this note (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative
limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Argentina
Chile
EU 27
United Kingdom
Other countries or areas

Quantity
(kg)

2,000
80,000
2,805,383
23,617
1

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-5

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

18. (a) The aggregate quantity of Cheddar cheese and cheese and substitutes for cheese containing, or processed from Cheddar

cheese, the foregoing goods entered under subheadings 0406.10.24, 0406.20.31, 0406.20.65, 0406.30.24, 0406.30.65,
0406.90.08 and 0406.90.76 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantities specified in this note (articles the product
of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be
classifiable therein).

Australia
Canada
Chile
EU 27
New Zealand
United Kingdom
Other countries or areas
Any country

Quantity
(kg)
2,450,000
833,417
220,000
417,052
8,200,000
895,948
139,889
100,000

(b) Except as provided in (c), imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions
provided in regulations issued by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative
(USTR). The regulations may provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject
to USTR approval.

(c) No license shall be required under subheadings 0406.20.31 and 0406.90.08 for an aggregate quantity of up to 833,417

kilograms per quota year of natural Cheddar cheese, the product of Canada, which was made from unpasteurized milk and
aged not less than 9 months, and which prior to exportation has been certified as meeting such requirements by an official
of the Canadian government.

19. The aggregate quantity of American-type cheese, including Colby, washed curd and granular cheese (but not including Cheddar
cheese), and cheese and substitutes for cheese containing, or processed from, such American-type cheese, the foregoing goods
entered under subheadings 0406.10.34, 0406.20.36, 0406.20.69, 0406.30.34, 0406.30.69, 0406.90.52 and 0406.90.82 in any
calendar year shall not exceed the quantities specified in this note (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or
included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Australia
EU 27
New Zealand
Other countries or areas

Quantity
(kg)

1,000,000
354,000
2,000,000
168,556

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

20. The aggregate quantity of Edam and Gouda cheeses and of cheese and substitutes for cheese containing, or processed from,
Edam and Gouda cheese, the foregoing goods entered under subheadings 0406.10.44, 0406.20.44, 0406.20.73, 0406.30.44,
0406.30.73, 0406.90.16 and 0406.90.86 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantities specified in this note (articles the
product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall
be classifiable therein).

Argentina
EU 27
Norway
Other countries or areas

Quantity
(kg)

235,000
6,389,000
167,000
25,402

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-6
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

21. The aggregate quantity of Italian-type cheeses, made from cow's milk, in original loaves (Romano made from cow's milk, Reggiano,

Parmesan, Provolone, Provoletti and Sbrinz); and Italian-type cheeses, made from cow's milk, not in original loaves (Romano
made from cow's milk, Reggiano, Parmesan, Provolone, Provoletti, Sbrinz and Goya) and of cheese and substitutes for cheese
containing, or processed from, such Italian-type cheeses, whether or not in original loaves, the foregoing goods entered under
subheading 0406.10.54, 0406.20.51, 0406.20.77, 0406.30.77, 0406.90.31, 0406.90.36, 0406.90.41 and 0406.90.66 in any
calendar year shall not exceed the quantities specified in this note (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or
included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Argentina
EU 27
Romania
Uruguay
Other countries or areas

Quantity
(kg)
6,383,000
5,407,000
500,000
1,178,000
13,064

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

22. The aggregate quantity of Swiss or Emmentaler cheese other than with eye formation, Gruyere-process cheese and of cheese
and substitutes for cheese containing, or processed from, such cheeses, the foregoing goods entered under subheadings
0406.10.64, 0406.20.81, 0406.30.51, 0406.30.81 and 0406.90.90 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantities specified
in this note (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation
and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

EU 27
Switzerland
Other countries or areas

Quantity
(kg)

5,925,000
1,850,000
79,833

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

23. The aggregate quantity of cheese, and substitutes for cheese, containing 0.5 percent or less by weight of butterfat (except articles

within the scope of other import quotas provided for in additional U.S. notes 16 through 22, inclusive, or additional U.S. notes
24 and 25 to this chapter) and margarine cheese, the foregoing goods entered under subheadings 0406.10.74, 0406.20.85,
0406.30.85, 0406.90.93 and 1901.90.34 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantities specified in this note (articles the
product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall
be classifiable therein).

EU 27
New Zealand
Israel
Other countries or areas

Quantity
(kg)
4,424,907
1,000,000
50,000
1

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

24. Stilton cheese, the product of the United Kingdom, the foregoing good entered under subheadings 0406.20.15, 0406.30.05,

0406.40.44 or 0406.40.48 during any calendar year shall not be subject to limits on the quantity of such cheese imported into
the United States. Stilton cheese, other than the product of the United Kingdom, shall be classified as appropriate in the
subheadings for blue-mold cheeses and is subject to any quantitative limitation on such cheeses.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-7

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

25. The aggregate quantity of Swiss and Emmentaler cheese with eye formation, the foregoing goods entered under subheading

0406.90.46 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantities specified in this note (articles the product of Mexico shall not be
permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Argentina
Australia
Canada
EU 27
Iceland
Israel
Norway
Switzerland
Other countries or areas

Quantity
(kg)

80,000
500,000
70,000
22,900,000
300,000
27,000
6,883,000
3,630,000
85,276

Imports under these provisions require import licenses, in accordance with terms and conditions provided in regulations issued
by the Secretary of Agriculture, subject to the approval of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). The regulations may
provide for the reallocation among supplying countries or areas of unfilled quantities, subject to USTR approval.

26. The importation of eggs of wild birds is prohibited, except eggs of game birds imported for propagating purposes under regulations

prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior and specimens imported for scientific collections.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

The unit of quantity "kg cmsc" (kilograms cows' milk solids content) includes all cows' milk components other than water.

For a list of approved standards for "Certified organic", see General Statistical Note 6.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0401

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Milk and cream, not concentrated nor containing added sugar
or other sweetening matter:

0401.10.00

00

Of a fat content, by weight, not exceeding 1 percent.........

0401.20

0401.20.20

00

Of a fat content, by weight, exceeding 1 percent but not
exceeding 6 percent:

For not over 11,356,236 liters entered in any calendar
year...................................................................................

0401.20.40

00

Other.................................................................................

liters..........
kg

0.34¢/liter1/

0.5¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

liters..........
kg cmsc

0.43¢/liter1/

liters..........
kg cmsc

1.5¢/liter1/

1.7¢/liter

1.7¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

0401.40

0401.40.02

00

Of a fat content, by weight, exceeding 6 percent but not
exceeding 10 percent:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

liters..........

3.2¢/liter1/

0401.40.05

00

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

0401.40.25

00

Other2/...............................................................................

liters..........
kg cmsc

3.2¢/liter1/

liters..........
kg cmsc

77.2¢/liter1/

15¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15¢/liter

90.8¢/liter

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, P+, PA, PE, SG)

See 9822.04.05

(AU)

See 9823.01.01-
9823.01.07 (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0401 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Milk and cream, not concentrated nor containing added sugar
or other sweetening matter: (con.)

0401.50

Of a fat content, by weight, exceeding 10 percent:

0401.50.02

00

Of a fat content, by weight, not exceeding 45 percent:
Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

liters..........

3.2¢/liter1/

0401.50.05

00

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0401.50.25

00

Other2/........................................................................

liters..........
kg cmsc

3.2¢/liter1/

liters..........
kg cmsc

77.2¢/liter1/

15¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15¢/liter

90.8¢/liter

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, P+, PA, PE, SG)

See 9822.04.05

(AU)

See 9823.01.01-
9823.01.07 (S+)

Other:

0401.50.42

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0401.50.50

00

Described in additional U.S. note 6 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0401.50.75

00

Other3/........................................................................

liters..........
kg

12.3¢/kg1/

31¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

liters..........
kg

12.3¢/kg1/

liters..........
kg

$1.646/kg1/

31¢/kg

$1.936/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, P+, PA, PE, SG)

See 9822.04.10

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)
See 9908.04.01 (IL)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0402

0402.10

0402.10.05

00

Milk and cream, concentrated or containing added sugar or
other sweetening matter:

In powder, granules or other solid forms, of a fat content,
by weight, not exceeding 1.5 percent:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

0402.10.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

0402.10.50

00

Other4/...............................................................................

kg..............

3.3¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

3.3¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

86.5¢/kg1/

0402.21

0402.21.02

00

In powder, granules or other solid forms, of a fat content,
by weight, exceeding 1.5 percent:

Not containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter:

Of a fat content, by weight, not exceeding 3
percent:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0402.21.05

00

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to this
chapterand entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0402.21.25

00

Other4/.................................................................

kg..............

3.3¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

3.3¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

86.5¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

$1.018/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.15

(AU)

See 9823.02.01-
9823.02.04 (S+)
See 9908.04.03 (IL)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

$1.018/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.15

(AU)

See 9823.02.01-
9823.02.04 (S+)
See 9908.04.03 (IL)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0402 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-11

Milk and cream, concentrated or containing added sugar or
other sweetening matter: (con.)

In powder, granules or other solid forms, of a fat content,
by weight, exceeding 1.5 percent: (con.)

0402.21
(con.)

Not containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter: (con.)

0402.21.27

00

Of a fat content, by weight, exceeding 3 percent
but not exceeding 35 percent:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

6.8¢/kg1/

0402.21.30

00

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to this
chapterand entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0402.21.50

00

Other5/.................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

6.8¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.092/kg1/

0402.21.73

00

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

13.7¢/kg1/

0402.21.75

00

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0402.21.90

00

Other6/.................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

13.7¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.556/kg1/

13.7¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13.7¢/kg

$1.285/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.20

(AU)

See 9823.05.01-
9823.05.06 (S+)

27.3¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

27.3¢/kg

$1.831/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.10

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)

I
4-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0402 (con.)

0402.29
0402.29.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Milk and cream, concentrated or containing added sugar or
other sweetening matter: (con.)

In powder, granules or other solid forms, of a fat content,
by weight, exceeding 1.5 percent: (con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

17.5%1/

0402.29.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0402.29.50

00

Other7/........................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

17.5%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.104/kg +
14.9%1/

0402.91

Other:

Not containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions:

0402.91.03

00

In airtight containers..........................................

kg..............

2.2¢/kg1/

0402.91.06

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.3¢/kg1/

0402.91.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 11 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions:

In airtight containers..........................................

0402.91.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

2.2¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

3.3¢/kg1/

35%

35%

$1.299/kg +

17.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.05.01-
9823.05.06 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.61 (CO)

4¢/kg

5.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4¢/kg

5.6¢/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-13

Milk and cream, concentrated or containing added sugar or
other sweetening matter: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Not containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter: (con.)
Other:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0402 (con.)

0402.91
(con.)

0402.91.70

00

In airtight containers8/........................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

31.3¢/kg1/

0402.91.90

00

Other8/.................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

31.3¢/kg1/

0402.99

Other:

Condensed milk:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions:

0402.99.03

00

In airtight containers...................................

kg..............

3.9¢/kg1/

0402.99.06

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

3.3¢/kg1/

0402.99.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 11 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its provisions:
In airtight containers...................................

0402.99.30

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

3.9¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

3.3¢/kg1/

36.8¢/kg

36.8¢/kg

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.30

(AU)

See 9823.07.01-
9823.07.07 (S+)
See 9919.04.10,
9919.04.11,
9919.04.13 (PA)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.30

(AU)

See 9823.07.01-
9823.07.07 (S+)
See 9919.04.10,
9919.04.11,
9919.04.13 (PA)

6¢/kg

5.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6¢/kg

5.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

I
4-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0402 (con.)

0402.99
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Milk and cream, concentrated or containing added sugar or
other sweetening matter: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Condensed milk: (con.)

Other:

0402.99.45

00

In airtight containers8/.................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

49.6¢/kg1/

0402.99.55

00

Other8/...........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

49.6¢/kg1/

0402.99.68

00

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

17.5%1/

0402.99.70

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0402.99.90

00

Other7/.................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

17.5%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

46.3¢/kg +
14.9%1/

58.4¢/kg

58.4¢/kg

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.30

(AU)

See 9823.07.01-
9823.07.07 (S+)
See 9919.04.10,
9919.04.12,
99.19.04.14 (PA)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.30

(AU)

See 9823.07.01-
9823.07.07 (S+)
See 9919.04.10,
9919.04.12,
99.19.04.14 (PA)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

54.5¢/kg +
17.5%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.07.01-
9823.07.07 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.62 (CO)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0403

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-15

Yogurt; buttermilk, curdled milk and cream, kephir and other
fermented or acidified milk and cream, whether or not
concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter or flavored or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa:

0403.20

Yogurt:

In dry form:

0403.20.05

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions. .................

kg..............

20%1/

0403.20.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions ..................

kg..............
kg cmsc

20%1/

0403.20.50

00

Other7/........................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.035/kg + 17%

0403.20.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

17%1/

20%

20%

$1.217/kg +

20%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.06.01-
9823.06.09 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.63 (CO)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

I
4-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0403 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Yogurt; buttermilk, curdled milk and cream, kephir and other
fermented or acidified milk and cream, whether or not
concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter or flavored or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa:
(con.)

0403.90

Other:

Sour cream containing not over 45 percent by weight
of butterfat; buttermilk:

Fluid:

Sour cream:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

liters..........

3.2¢/liter1/

0403.90.02

00

0403.90.04

00

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

liters..........
kg cmsc

3.2¢/liter1/

liters..........
kg cmsc

77.2¢/liter1/

0403.90.16

00

Other2/...........................................................

15¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15¢/liter

90.8¢/liter

0.5¢/liter

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.05

(AU)

See 9823.01.01-
9823.01.07 (S+)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0403.90.20

00

Buttermilk............................................................

liters..........
kg cmsc

0.34¢/liter1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0403 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-17

Yogurt; buttermilk, curdled milk and cream, kephir and other
fermented or acidified milk and cream, whether or not
concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter or flavored or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa:
(con.)

0403.90
(con.)

Other: (con.)

0403.90.37

00

0403.90.41

Sour cream containing not over 45 percent by weight
of butterfat; buttermilk: (con.)

Dried:

Containing not over 6 percent by weight of
butterfat:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

3.3¢/kg1/

Described in additional U.S. note 12 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

..................

3.3¢/kg1/

10

90

Articles for which an import license is
required.................................................

Other......................................................

0403.90.45

00

Other9/...........................................................

kg
kg cmsc

kg
kg cmsc
kg..............
kg cmsc

87.6¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.03/kg

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.20

(AU)

See 9823.06.01-
9823.06.09 (S+)

I
4-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0403 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Yogurt; buttermilk, curdled milk and cream, kephir and other
fermented or acidified milk and cream, whether or not
concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter or flavored or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa:
(con.)

0403.90
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Sour cream containing not over 45 percent by weight
of butterfat; buttermilk: (con.)

Dried: (con.)

Containing over 6 percent but not over 35
percent by weight of butterfat:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0403.90.47

00

0403.90.51

00

0403.90.55

00

Other5/...........................................................

kg..............

6.8¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

6.8¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.092/kg1/

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

13.7¢/kg1/

0403.90.57

00

0403.90.61

00

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

13.7¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.556/kg1/

0403.90.65

00

Other6/...........................................................

13.7¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13.7¢/kg

$1.285/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.20

(AU)

See 9823.06.01-
9823.06.09 (S+)

27.3¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

27.3¢/kg

$1.831/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.10

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0403 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-19

Yogurt; buttermilk, curdled milk and cream, kephir and other
fermented or acidified milk and cream, whether or not
concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter or flavored or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa:
(con.)

0403.90
(con.)

Other: (con.)

0403.90.72

00

Sour cream containing over 45 percent by weight of
butterfat:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

12.3¢/kg1/

0403.90.74

00

Described in additional U.S. note 6 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0403.90.78

00

Other3/........................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

12.3¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.646/kg1/

30.9¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30.9¢/kg

$1.936/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.10

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)
See 9908.04.01 (IL)

I
4-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0403 (con.)

0403.90
(con.)

0403.90.85

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Yogurt; buttermilk, curdled milk and cream, kephir and other
fermented or acidified milk and cream, whether or not
concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter or flavored or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Fermented milk other than dried fermented milk
or other than dried milk with added lactic
ferments.....................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

17%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0403.90.87

00

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

20%1/

0403.90.90

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0403.90.95

00

Other7/.................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

20%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.034/kg +
17%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.217/kg +

20%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, SG)

See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.06.01-
9823.06.09 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.64 (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-21

Whey, whether or not concentrated or containing added sugar
or other sweetening matter; products consisting of natural milk
constituents, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter, not elsewhere specified or included:

Whey and modified whey, whether or not concentrated or
containing added sugar or other sweetening matter:

Modified whey:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0404

0404.10

0404.10.05

00

Whey protein concentrates......................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

8.5%10/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

0404.10.08

00

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

13%10/

0404.10.11

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0404.10.15

00

Other7/.................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

13%10/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.035/kg +
8.5%10/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.217/kg +

10%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.06.01-
9823.06.09 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.65 (CO)

I
4-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0404 (con.)

0404.10
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Whey, whether or not concentrated or containing added sugar
or other sweetening matter; products consisting of natural milk
constituents, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter, not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)
Whey and modified whey, whether or not concentrated or
containing added sugar or other sweetening matter: (con.)

Other:

0404.10.20

00

Fluid...........................................................................

liters..........
kg cmsc

0.34¢/liter10/

0.5¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0404.10.48

00

Dried:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

3.3¢/kg10/

0404.10.50

Described in additional U.S. note 12 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

..................

3.3¢/kg10/

10

90

Articles for which an import license is
required........................................................

Other.............................................................

0404.10.90

00

Other9/.................................................................

kg
kg cmsc

kg
kg cmsc
kg..............
kg cmsc

87.6¢/kg10/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.03/kg

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.20

(AU)

See 9823.06.01-
9823.06.09 (S+)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0404 (con.)

0404.90
0404.90.10

00

0404.90.28

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-23

Whey, whether or not concentrated or containing added sugar
or other sweetening matter; products consisting of natural milk
constituents, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter, not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Other:

Milk protein concentrates...............................................

Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note
1 to chapter 4:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

0.37¢/kg1/

12¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

kg..............

14.5%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0404.90.30

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to this
chapterand entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0404.90.50

00

Other7/.................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

14.5%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.189/kg +
8.5%1/

0404.90.70

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

8.5%1/

25%

$1.399/kg +

10%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.06.01-
9823.06.09 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.66 (CO)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

I
4-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0405
0405.10
0405.10.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Butter and other fats and oils derived from milk; dairy spreads:

Butter:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............

12.3¢/kg10/

0405.10.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 6 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

0405.10.20

00

Other3/...............................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

12.3¢/kg10/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.541/kg10/

30.9¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30.9¢/kg

$1.813/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.10

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)
See 9908.04.01 (IL)

0405.20

Dairy spreads:

0405.20.10

00

Butter substitutes, whether in liquid or solid state:

Containing over 45 percent by weight of butterfat:
Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

15.4¢/kg1/

31¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0405.20.20

00

Described in additional U.S. note 14 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0405.20.30

00

Other11/................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

15.4¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.996/kg1/

0405.20.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

13.1¢/kg1/

31¢/kg

$2.348/kg

31¢/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.10

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-25

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0405 (con.)

0405.20
(con.)

0405.20.50

00

Butter and other fats and oils derived from milk; dairy spreads:
(con.)

Dairy spreads: (con.)

Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note
1 to chapter 4:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

10%1/

0405.20.60

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0405.20.70

00

Other7/.................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

70.4¢/kg +
8.5%1/

0405.20.80

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

6.4%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

82.8¢/kg +

10%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.67 (CO)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Butter and other fats and oils derived from milk; dairy spreads:
(con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

..................

10%1/

Anhydrous milk fat....................................................

Other..........................................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 14 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions..........................

kg

kg

..................

10%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

I
4-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0405 (con.)

0405.90
0405.90.05

0405.90.10

20

40

20

40

Anhydrous milk fat....................................................

Other..........................................................................

0405.90.20

Other11/..............................................................................

20

40

Anhydrous milk fat....................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg
kg cmsc

kg
kg cmsc
..................

kg
kg cmsc

kg
kg cmsc

$1.865/kg +
8.5%1/

$2.194/kg +

10%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.10

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-27

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406
0406.10

0406.10.02

00

Cheese and curd:

Fresh (unripened or uncured) cheese, including whey
cheese, and curd:
Chongos:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

10%1/

0406.10.04

00

Described in additional U.S.note 16 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.10.08

00

Other12/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.509/kg1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

$1.775/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
SG)

See 9822.04.35

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.51 (CO)

See 9919.04.40,
9919.04.41-
9919.04.42 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Fresh (unripened or uncured) cheese, including whey
cheese, and curd: (con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

10%1/

I
4-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.10
(con.)

0406.10.12

00

0406.10.14

00

Other:

Blue-mold cheese and cheese and substitutes
for cheese containing, or processed from,
blue-mold cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 17 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.269/kg1/

0406.10.18

00

Other13/.........................................................

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

$2.67/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.52 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.51,
9919.04.61 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-29

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.10
(con.)

0406.10.24

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Fresh (unripened or uncured) cheese, including whey
cheese, and curd: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Cheddar cheese, and cheese and substitutes
for cheese containing, or processed from,
Cheddar cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 18 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.10.28

00

Other14/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.227/kg1/

0406.10.34

00

American-type cheese, including Colby,
washed curd and granular cheese (but not
including Cheddar cheese), and cheese and
substitutes for cheese containing, or processed
from, such American-type cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 19 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.10.38

00

Other15/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.055/kg1/

35%

$1.443/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.45

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.53 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.52,
9919.04.62 (PA)

35%

$1.241/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.50

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.54 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.53,
9919.04.63 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.10
(con.)

0406.10.44

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Fresh (unripened or uncured) cheese, including whey
cheese, and curd: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Edam and Gouda cheeses, and cheese and
substitutes for processed from, Edam and
Gouda cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 20 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.10.48

00

Other16/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.803/kg1/

35%

$2.121/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.55 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.54,
9919.04.64 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-31

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.10
(con.)

0406.10.54

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Fresh (unripened or uncured) cheese, including whey
cheese, and curd: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Italian-type cheeses, made from cow's milk,
in original loaves (Romano made from cow's
milk, Reggiano, Parmesan, Provol- one,
Provoletti and Sbrinz); Italian-type cheeses,
made from cow's milk, not in original loaves
(Romano made from cow's milk, Reggiano,
Parmesan, Provolone, Provoletti, Sbrinz and
Goya), and cheese and substitutes for cheese
containing, or processed from, such
Italian-type cheeses, whether or not in original
loaves:

Described in additional U.S. note 21 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.10.58

00

Other17/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.146/kg1/

35%

$2.525/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.56 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.55,
9919.04.65 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.10
(con.)

0406.10.64

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Fresh (unripened or uncured) cheese, including whey
cheese, and curd: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Swiss or Emmentaler cheese other than with
eye formation, Gruyere-process cheese and
cheese and substitutes for cheese containing,
or processed from, such cheeses:

Described in additional U.S. note 22 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.10.68

00

Other18/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.386/kg1/

35%

$1.631/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.57 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.56,
9919.04.66 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-33

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.10
(con.)

0406.10.74

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Fresh (unripened or uncured) cheese, including whey
cheese, and curd: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Cheese, and substitutes for cheese,
containing 0.5 percent or less by weight
of butterfat:

Described in additional U.S. note 23
to this chapter and entered pursuant
to its provisions.....................................

0406.10.78

00

Other19/..................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.128/kg1/

0406.10.84

00

Other cheese and substitutes for cheese
(except cheese not containing cow's milk,
and soft ripened cow's milk cheese):

Described in additional U.S. note 16
to this chapter and entered pursuant
to its provisions.....................................

0406.10.88

00

Other12/..................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.509/kg1/

35%

$1.328/kg

35%

$1.775/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.58 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.57,
9919.04.67 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.35

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.51 (CO)

See 9919.04.40,
9919.04.41-
9919.04.42 (PA)

I
4-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.10
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Fresh (unripened or uncured) cheese, including whey
cheese, and curd: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

0406.10.95

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

0406.20

Grated or powdered cheese, of all kinds:

Blue-veined cheese:

0406.20.10

00

Roquefort cheese.....................................................

kg..............

8%1/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0406.20.15

00

Stilton cheese described in additional U.S. note
24 to this chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions..................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

17%1/

Free (CO, JO, KR,
OM, PA, PE, S)

35%

0406.20.22

00

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

20%1/

0406.20.24

00

Described in additional U.S. note 17 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0406.20.28

00

Other13/................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

20%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.269/kg1/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

$2.67/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.52 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.51,
9919.04.61 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Grated or powdered cheese, of all kinds: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-35

Cheddar cheese:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

16%1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.20
(con.)

0406.20.29

00

0406.20.31

Described in additional U.S.note 18 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

..................

16%1/

10

90

Produced in Canada and not subject to
licensing requirements......................................

Other...................................................................

0406.20.33

00

Other14/.......................................................................

kg
kg cmsc

kg
kg cmsc
kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.227/kg1/

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.443/kg

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.45

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.53 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.52,
9919.04.62 (PA)

I
4-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.20
(con.)

0406.20.34

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Grated or powdered cheese, of all kinds: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Colby:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

20%1/

0406.20.36

00

Described in additional U.S.note 19 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.20.39

00

Other15/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

20%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.055/kg1/

Edam and Gouda cheeses:

0406.20.43

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

15%1/

0406.20.44

00

Described in additional U.S. note 20 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.20.48

00

Other16/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

15%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.803/kg1/

35%

35%

$1.241/kg

35%

35%

$2.121/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.50

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.54 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.53,
9919.04.63 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.55 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.54,
9919.04.64 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Grated or powdered cheese, of all kinds: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-37

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.20
(con.)

0406.20.49

00

0406.20.51

00

Romano made from cow's milk, Reggiano, Parmesan,
Provolone, Provoletti, Sbrinz and Goya cheeses:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

15%1/

Other:

Made from cow's milk:

Described in additional U.S. note 21 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

15%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.146/kg1/

0406.20.53

00

Other17/.........................................................

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.56 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.55,
9919.04.65 (PA)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$2.525/kg

35%

0406.20.54

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.20
(con.)

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Grated or powdered cheese, of all kinds: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0406.20.55

00

Cheeses made from sheep's milk...........................

kg..............

9.6%1/

Other, including mixtures of the above:

0406.20.56

00

Other, described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its provisions...

kg..............

10%1/

0406.20.57

00

Other:

Containing, or processed from, Bryndza,
Gjetost, Gammelost, Nokkelost or Roquefort
cheeses...............................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

0406.20.61

00

Containing, or processed from, blue-veined
cheese (except Roquefort):

Described in additional U.S. note 17 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.20.63

00

Other13/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.269/kg1/

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

$2.67/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.52 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.51,
9919.04.61 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-39

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.20
(con.)

0406.20.65

00

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Grated or powdered cheese, of all kinds: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing, or processed from, Cheddar
cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 18 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.20.67

00

Other14/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.227/kg1/

0406.20.69

00

Containing, or processed from, American- type
cheese (including Colby, washed curd and
granular cheese but not including Cheddar):
Described in additional U.S.note 19 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.20.71

00

Other15/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.055/kg1/

35%

$1.443/kg

35%

$1.241/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.45

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.53 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.52,
9919.04.62 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.50

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.54 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.53,
9919.04.63 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.20
(con.)

0406.20.73

00

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Grated or powdered cheese, of all kinds: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing, or processed from, Edam or
Gouda cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 20 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.20.75

00

Other16/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.803/kg1/

0406.20.77

00

Containing, or processed from, Italian-type
cheeses (Romano, Reggiano, Parmesan,
Provolone, Provoletti, Sbrinz and Goya) made
from cow's milk:

Described in additional U.S. note 21 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.20.79

00

Other17/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.146/kg1/

35%

$2.121/kg

35%

$2.525/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.55 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.54,
9919.04.64 (PA)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.56 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.55,
9919.04.65 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.20
(con.)

0406.20.81

00

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Grated or powdered cheese, of all kinds: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing, or processed from, Swiss,
Emmentaler, or Gruyere-process cheeses:

Described in additional U.S. note 22 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.20.83

00

Other18/.........................................................

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-41

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.386/kg1/

35%

$1.631/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.57 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.56,
9919.04.66 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.20
(con.)

0406.20.85

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Grated or powdered cheese, of all kinds: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containing 0.5 percent or less by weight
of butterfat:

Described in additional U.S. note 23
to this chapter and entered pursuant
to its provisions.....................................

0406.20.87

00

Other19/..................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.128/kg1/

0406.20.89

00

Other:

Containing cow's milk:

Described in additional U.S. note
16 to this chapter and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

0406.20.91

00

Other12/............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.509/kg1/

0406.20.95

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

35%

$1.328/kg

35%

$1.775/kg

35%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.58 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.57,
9919.04.67 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.35

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.51 (CO)

See 9919.04.40,
9919.04.41-
9919.04.42 (PA)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.30

0406.30.05

00

0406.30.12

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-43

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Processed (process) cheese, not grated or powdered:
Blue-veined cheese other than Roquefort cheese:

Stilton cheese described in additional U.S. note
24 to this chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions..................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

17%1/

Free (CO, JO, KR,
OM, PA, PE, S)

35%

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

20%1/

0406.30.14

00

Described in additional U.S. note 17 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

0406.30.18

00

Other13/................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

20%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.269/kg1/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

$2.67/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.52 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.51,
9919.04.61 (PA)

I
4-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.30
(con.)

0406.30.22

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Processed (process) cheese, not grated or powdered:
(con.)

Cheddar cheese:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

16%1/

0406.30.24

00

Described in additional U.S.note 18 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.30.28

00

Other14/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

16%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.227/kg1/

Colby cheese:

0406.30.32

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

20%1/

0406.30.34

00

Described in additional U.S. note 19 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.30.38

00

Other15/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

20%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.055/kg1/

35%

35%

$1.443/kg

35%

35%

$1.241/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.45

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.53 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.52,
9919.04.62 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.50

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.54 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.53,
9919.04.63 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-45

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.30
(con.)

0406.30.42

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Processed (process) cheese, not grated or powdered:
(con.)

Edam and Gouda cheeses:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

15%1/

0406.30.44

00

Described in additional U.S. note 20 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.30.48

00

Other16/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

15%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.803/kg1/

Gruyere-process cheese:

0406.30.49

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

6.4%1/

0406.30.51

00

Described in additional U.S. note 22 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.30.53

00

Other18/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

6.4%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.386/kg1/

35%

35%

$2.121/kg

35%

35%

$1.631/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.55 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.54,
9919.04.64 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.57 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.56,
9919.04.66 (PA)

I
4-46

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.30
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Processed (process) cheese, not grated or powdered:
(con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above:

0406.30.55

00

Cheeses made from sheep's milk...........................

kg..............

9.6%1/

0406.30.56

00

Other, described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its provisions...

kg..............

10%1/

0406.30.57

00

Other:

Containing, or processed from, Bryndza,
Gjetost, Gammelost, Nokkelost or Roquefort
cheeses...............................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

0406.30.61

00

Containing, or processed from, blue-veined
cheese(except Roquefort):

Described in additional U.S. note 17 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.30.63

00

Other13/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.269/kg1/

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

$2.67/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.52 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.51,
9919.04.61 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-47

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.30
(con.)

0406.30.65

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Processed (process) cheese, not grated or powdered:
(con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing, or processed from, Cheddar
cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 18 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.30.67

00

Other14/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.227/kg1/

0406.30.69

00

Containing, or processed from, American- type
cheese (including Colby, washed curd and
granular cheese, but not including Cheddar):
Described in additional U.S. note 19 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.30.71

00

Other15/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.055/kg1/

35%

$1.443/kg

35%

$1.241/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.45

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.53 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.52,
9919.04.62 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.50

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.54 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.53,
9919.04.63 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-48

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.30
(con.)

0406.30.73

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Processed (process) cheese, not grated or powdered:
(con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing, or processed from, Edam or
Gouda cheeses:

Described in additional U.S. note 20 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.30.75

00

Other16/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.803/kg1/

0406.30.77

00

Containing, or processed from, Italian-type
cheeses (Romano, Reggiano, Parmesan,
Provolone, Provoletti, Sbrinz and Goya):

Described in additional U.S. note 21 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.30.79

00

Other17/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.146/kg1/

35%

$2.121/kg

35%

$2.525/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.55 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.54,
9919.04.64 (PA)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.56 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.55,
9919.04.65 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-49

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.30
(con.)

0406.30.81

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Processed (process) cheese, not grated or powdered:
(con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing, or processed from, Swiss,
Emmentaler or Gruyere-process cheeses:

Described in additional U.S. note 22 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.30.83

00

Other18/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.386/kg1/

35%

$1.631/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.57 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.56,
9919.04.66 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-50

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.30
(con.)

0406.30.85

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Processed (process) cheese, not grated or powdered:
(con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containing 0.5 percent or less by weight
of butterfat:

Described in additional U.S. note 23
to this chapter and entered pursuant
to its provisions.....................................

0406.30.87

00

Other19/..................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.128/kg1/

0406.30.89

00

Other:

Containing cow's milk:

Described in additional U.S. note
16 to this chapter and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

0406.30.91

00

Other12/............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.509/kg1/

0406.30.95

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

35%

$1.328/kg

35%

$1.775/kg

35%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.58 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.57,
9919.04.67 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.35

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.51 (CO)

See 9919.04.40,
9919.04.41-
9919.04.42 (PA)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-51

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Blue-veined cheese and other cheese containing veins
produced by Penicillium roqueforti :

Roquefort:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.40

0406.40.20

00

In original loaves.......................................................

kg..............

2.7%1/

0406.40.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.5%1/

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Stilton cheese described in additional U.S. note 24 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to its provisions:

0406.40.44

00

In original loaves.......................................................

0406.40.48

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

12.8%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

17%1/

Free (CO, JO, KR,
OM, PA, PE, S)

Free (CO, JO, KR,
OM, PA, PE, S)

35%

35%

I
4-52

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.40
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cheese and curd: (con.)

Blue-veined cheese and other cheese containing veins
produced by Penicillium roqueforti : (con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions:

0406.40.51

00

In original loaves................................................

kg..............

15%1/

0406.40.52

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

20%1/

0406.40.54

00

Described in additional U.S. note 17 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions:

In original loaves................................................

0406.40.58

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

15%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

20%1/

0406.40.70

00

Other13/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.269/kg1/

35%

35%

35%

35%

$2.67/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.52 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.51,
9919.04.61 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-53

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0406 (con.)
0406.90
0406.90.05

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese:

00

Bryndza cheese...............................................................

kg..............

7.2%1/

Cheddar cheese:

0406.90.06

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

12%1/

0406.90.08

Described in additional U.S. note 18 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

..................

12%1/

10

90

Produced in Canada and not subject to
licensing requirements......................................

Other...................................................................

0406.90.12

00

Other14/.......................................................................

kg
kg cmsc

kg
kg cmsc
kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.227/kg1/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.443/kg

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.45

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.53 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.52,
9919.04.62 (PA)

I
4-54

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

0406.90.14

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Edam and Gouda cheeses:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

15%1/

0406.90.16

00

Described in additional U.S. note 20 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.90.18

00

Other16/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

15%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.803/kg1/

0406.90.20

00

Gjetost cheeses:

Made from goat's milk whey or from whey obtained
from a mixture of goat's milk and not more than 20
percent by weight of cow's milk..............................

kg..............

4.2%1/

0406.90.25

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

35%

35%

$2.121/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.55 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.54,
9919.04.64 (PA)

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-55

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Goya cheese:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

25%1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

0406.90.28

00

0406.90.31

00

Other:

Made from cow's milk and not in original
loaves:

Described in additional U.S. note 21 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

25%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.146/kg1/

0406.90.32

00

Other17/.........................................................

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

$2.525/kg

35%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.56 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.55,
9919.04.65 (PA)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0406.90.33

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

21.3%1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Sbrinz cheese:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

19%1/

I
4-56

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

0406.90.34

00

0406.90.36

00

Other:

Made from cow's milk:

Described in additional U.S. note 21 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

19%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.146/kg1/

0406.90.37

00

Other17/.........................................................

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

$2.525/kg

35%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.56 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.55,
9919.04.65 (PA)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0406.90.38

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

12.2%1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-57

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

0406.90.39

00

0406.90.41

00

Romano made from cow's milk, Reggiano, Parmesan,
Provolone and Provoletti cheeses:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

15%1/

Other:

Made from cow's milk:

Described in additional U.S. note 21 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

15%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.146/kg1/

0406.90.42

00

Other17/.........................................................

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.56 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.55,
9919.04.65 (PA)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$2.525/kg

35%

0406.90.43

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

I
4-58

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

0406.90.44

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Swiss or Emmentaler cheese with eye formation:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

6.4%1/

0406.90.46

00

Described in additional U.S. note 25 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.90.48

00

Other20/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

6.4%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.877/kg1/

0406.90.49

00

Gammelost and Nokkelost cheeses.............................

kg..............
kg cmsc

5.4%1/

35%

35%

$2.208/kg

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.65

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.59 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.58,
9919.04.68 (PA)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-59

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

0406.90.51

00

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Colby cheese:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

20%1/

0406.90.52

00

Described in additional U.S. note 19 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

0406.90.54

00

Other15/.......................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

20%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.055/kg1/

35%

35%

$1.241/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.50

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.54 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.53,
9919.04.63 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-60

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

0406.90.56

00

0406.90.57

00

Other cheeses, and substitutes for cheese, including
mixtures of the above:

Cheeses made from sheep's milk:

In original loaves and suitable for grating.......

kg..............

Free1/

Pecorino, in original loaves, not suitable for
grating.................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0406.90.59

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

0406.90.61

00

Other, described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its provisions
(including mixtures):

Containing Romano, Reggiano, Parmesan,
Provolone, Provoletti, Sbrinz or Goya, all the
foregoing made from cow's milk......................

kg..............

7.5%1/

0406.90.63

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

Other, including mixtures of the above (excluding
goods containing mixtures of subheadings
0406.90.61 or 0406.90.63):

Containing Romano, Reggiano, Parmesan,
Provolone, Provoletti, Sbrinz or Goya, all the
foregoing made from cow's milk:

Described in additional U.S. note 21 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.90.66

00

0406.90.68

00

Other17/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

7.5%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.146/kg1/

35%

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

$2.525/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.56 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.55,
9919.04.65 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-61

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Other cheeses, and substitutes for cheese, including
mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above (excluding
goods containing mixtures of subheadings
0406.90.61 or 0406.90.63): (con.)

Containing, or processed from, blue-veined
cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 17 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.90.72

00

0406.90.74

00

Other13/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$2.269/kg1/

0406.90.76

00

Containing, or processed from, Cheddar
cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 18 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.90.78

00

Other14/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.227/kg1/

35%

$2.67/kg

35%

$1.443/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.52 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.51,
9919.04.61 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.45

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.53 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.52,
9919.04.62 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-62

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

0406.90.82

00

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Other cheeses, and substitutes for cheese, including
mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above (excluding
goods containing mixtures of subheadings
0406.90.61 or 0406.90.63): (con.)

Containing, or processed from, American- type
cheese (including Colby, washed curd and
granular cheese, but not including Cheddar):
Described in additional U.S. note 19 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.90.84

00

Other15/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.055/kg1/

0406.90.86

00

Containing, or processed from, Edam or
Gouda cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 20 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.90.88

00

Other16/.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.803/kg1/

35%

$1.241/kg

35%

$2.121/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.50

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.54 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.53,
9919.04.63 (PA)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.55 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.54,
9919.04.64 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Other cheeses, and substitutes for cheese, including
mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above (excluding
goods containing mixtures of subheadings
0406.90.61 or 0406.90.63): (con.)

Containing, or processed from, Swiss,
Emmentaler or Gruyere-process cheese:

Described in additional U.S. note 22 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

0406.90.90

00

0406.90.92

00

Other18/.........................................................

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-63

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.386/kg1/

35%

$1.631/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.40

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.57 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.56,
9919.04.66 (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-64

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

0406.90.93

00

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Other cheeses, and substitutes for cheese, including
mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above (excluding
goods containing mixtures of subheadings
0406.90.61 or 0406.90.63): (con.)

Other:

Containing 0.5 percent or less by weight
of butterfat:

Described in additional U.S. note 23
to this chapter and entered pursuant
to its provisions.....................................

0406.90.94

00

Other19/..................................................

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.128/kg1/

35%

$1.328/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.58 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.57,
9919.04.67 (PA
(PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
4-65

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0406 (con.)
0406.90
(con.)

Article Description

Cheese and curd: (con.)
Other cheese: (con.)

Other cheeses, and substitutes for cheese, including
mixtures of the above: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of the above (excluding
goods containing mixtures of subheadings
0406.90.61 or 0406.90.63): (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containing cow's milk (except soft-
ripened cow's milk cheese):

Described in additional U.S. note
16 to this chapter and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

0406.90.95

00

0406.90.97

00

Other12/............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.509/kg1/

35%

$1.775/kg

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9822.04.35

(AU)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50,

9918.04.51 (CO)

See 9919.04.40,
9919.04.41-
9919.04.42 (PA)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0406.90.99

00

Other......................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

8.5%1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
4-66

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0407

Birds' eggs, in shell, fresh, preserved or cooked:

Fertilized eggs for incubation:

0407.11.00

00

Of fowls of the species Gallus domesticus..................

doz............

2.8¢/doz.1/

0407.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

doz............

2.8¢/doz.10/

0407.21.00

Of fowls of the species Gallus domesticus..................

..................

2.8¢/doz.10/

Other fresh eggs:

30

90
00

0407.29.00

Fresh table eggs (consumer grades).....................

doz.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

doz.
doz............

2.8¢/doz.10/

0407.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

doz............

2.8¢/doz.10/

0408

Birds' eggs, not in shell, and egg yolks, fresh, dried, cooked
by steaming or by boiling in water, molded, frozen or otherwise
preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter:
Egg yolks:

0408.11.00

00

Dried.................................................................................

kg..............

47.6¢/kg10/

0408.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

9.7¢/kg10/

0408.91.00

00

Dried.................................................................................

kg..............

47.6¢/kg1/

Other:

0408.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

9.7¢/kg10/

10¢/doz.

10¢/doz.

10¢/doz.

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10¢/doz.

10¢/doz.

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

59.5¢/kg

24.3¢/kg

59.5¢/kg

24.3¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

0409.00.00

Natural honey................................................................................

..................

General

1.9¢/kg10/

05

10

35

45

56

65

Certified Organic....................................................................

kg

Other:

Comb honey and honey packaged for retail sale........

kg

Other:

White or lighter..........................................................

Extra light amber.......................................................

Light amber...............................................................

Amber or darker........................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

0410

Insects and other edible products of animal origin, not
elsewhere specified or included:

0410.10.00

00

Insects.....................................................................................

kg..............

1.1%10/

0410.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

1.1%10/

I
4-67

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

Special
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2

6.6¢/kg

10%

10%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
Endnotes--page 4 - 68
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See subheadings 9904.04.01-9904.04.08.
3/ See subheadings 9904.04.09-9904.04.21.
4/ See subheadings 9904.04.22-9904.04.30.
5/ See subheadings 9904.04.31-9904.04.39.
6/ See subheadings 9904.04.40-9904.04.49.
7/ See subheadings 9904.04.50-9904.05.01.
8/ See subheadings 9904.05.02-9904.05.19.
9/ See subheadings 9904.05.20-9904.05.36.
10/ See 9903.88.03.
11/ See subheadings 9904.05.37-9904.05.47.
12/ See subheadings 9904.06.38-9904.06.49.
13/ See subheadings 9904.05.48-9904.05.58.
14/ See subheadings 9904.05.59-9904.05.73.
15/ See subheadings 9904.05.74-9904.05.82.
16/ See subheadings 9904.05.83-9904.05.94.
17/ See subheadings 9904.05.95-9904.06.05.
18/ See subheadings 9904.06.19-9904.06.28.
19/ See subheadings 9904.06.29-9904.06.37.
20/ See subheadings 9904.06.06-9904.06.18.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PRODUCTS OF ANIMAL ORIGIN, NOT ELSEWHERE SPECIFIED OR INCLUDED

CHAPTER 5

I
5-1

Notes:

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Edible products (other than guts, bladders and stomachs of animals, whole and pieces thereof, and animal blood, liquid or

dried);

(b) Hides or skins (including furskins) other than goods of heading 0505 and parings and similar waste of raw hides or skins of

heading 0511 (chapter 41 or 43);

(c) Animal textile materials, other than horsehair and horsehair waste (section XI); or

(d) Prepared knots or tufts for broom or brush making (heading 9603).

2.

3.

4.

For the purposes of heading 0501, the sorting of hair by length (provided the root ends and tip ends, respectively, are not arranged
together) shall be deemed not to constitute working.

Throughout the tariff schedule, elephant, hippopotamus, walrus, narwhal and wild boar tusks, rhinoceros horns and the teeth of
all animals are regarded as "ivory."

Throughout the tariff schedule, the expression "horsehair" means hair of the manes or tails of equine or bovine animals. Heading
0511 covers, inter alia, horsehair and horsehair waste, whether or not put up as a layer with or without supporting material.

Additional U.S. Notes:

1.

(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this note, the importation of the feathers or skin of any bird is hereby prohibited.

Such prohibition shall apply to the feathers or skin of any bird:

(i) Whether raw or processed;

(ii) Whether the whole plumage or skin or any part of either;

(iii) Whether or not attached to a whole bird or any part thereof; and

(iv) Whether or not forming part of another article.

(b) Paragraph (a) shall not apply:

(i)

In respect of any of the following birds (other than any such bird which, whether or not raised in captivity, is a wild bird):
chickens (including hens and roosters), turkeys, guineas, geese, ducks, pigeons, ostriches, rheas, English ring-necked
pheasants and pea fowl;

(ii) To any importation for scientific or educational purposes;

(iii) To the importation of fully manufactured artificial flies used for fishing;

(iv) To the importation of birds which are classifiable under subheading 9804.00.55; and

(v) To the importation of live birds.

(c) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), there may be entered in each calendar year the following quotas of skins bearing feathers:

(i)

For use in the manufacture of artificial flies used for fishing; (A) not more than 5,000 skins of grey jungle fowl (Gallus
sonneratii), and (B) not more than 1,000 skins of mandarin duck (Dendronessa galericulata); and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
5-2
Additional U.S. Notes: (con.)

(ii) For use in the manufacture of artificial flies used for fishing, or for millinery purposes, not more than 45,000 skins, in the

aggregate, of the following species of pheasant: Lady Amherst pheasant (Chrysolophus amerstiae), golden pheasant
(Chrysolophus pictus), silver pheasant (Lophura nycthemera), Reeves pheasant (Syrmaticus reevesii), blue-eared
pheasant (Crossoptilon auritum) and brown-eared pheasant (Crossoptilon mantchuricum) 1/

For the purposes of these quotas, any part of a skin which has been severed shall be considered to be a whole skin.

(d) No article specified in paragraph (c) shall be entered except under a permit issued by the Secretary of the Interior. The

Secretary of the Interior shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out the purposes and provisions of
paragraph (c) (including regulations providing for equitable allocation among qualified applicants of the import quotas
established by such provisions). Whenever the Secretary of the Interior finds that the wild supply of any species mentioned
in paragraph (c) is threatened with serious reduction or with extinction, he shall prescribe regulations which provide (to such
extent and for such period as he deems necessary to meet such threat):

(i)

In the case of grey jungle fowl or mandarin duck, for the reduction of the applicable import quota; or

(ii)

In the case of any species of pheasant, for the reduction of the import quota established for pheasants, for the
establishment of a subquota for such species of pheasant, or for the elimination of such species from the import quota
for pheasant, or any combination thereof.

The authority granted to the Secretary of the Interior by the preceding sentence to reduce any import quota shall include
authority to eliminate such quota. 2/

(e) Any article of a kind the importation of which is prohibited or subjected to a quota by paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, and
which is in the United States shall be presumed for the purposes of seizure and forfeiture to have been imported in violation
of law and shall be seized and forfeited under the customs laws unless such presumption is satisfactorily rebutted; except
that such presumption shall not apply to articles in actual use for personal adornment or for scientific or educational purposes.
Any article so forfeited may (in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury and under such regulations as he may prescribe)
(1) be placed with any agency of the Federal Government or of any State government, or any society or museum for exhibition
or scientific or educational purposes, or (2) be destroyed.

(f) Nothing in this note shall be construed to repeal the provision of the act of March 4, 1913, chapter 145 (37 Stat. 847), or the
act of July 3, 1918 (40 Stat. 755), or any other law of the United States, now of force, intended for the protection or preservation
of birds within the United States. If on investigation by the district director of Customs before seizure, or before trial for
forfeiture, or if at such trial if such seizure has been made, it shall be made to appear to the district director of Customs, or
to the prosecuting officer of the Government, as the case may be, that no illegal importation of such feathers has been made,
but that the possession, acquisition or purchase of such feathers is or has been made in violation of the provisions of the
act of March 4, 1913, chapter 145 (37 Stat. 847), or the act of July 3, 1918 (40 Stat. 755), or any other law of the United
States, now of force, intended for the protection or preservation of birds within the United States, it shall be the duty of the
district director of Customs, or such prosecuting officer, as the case may be, to report the facts to the proper officials of the
United States, or State or Territory charged with the duty of enforcing such laws.

1/ Brown-eared pheasant added to the List of Endangered Foreign Fish and Wildlife, Appendix A of 50 CFR 17, Nov. 24, 1970,
effective date Dec. 2, 1970 (35 F.R. 18319, 18321).
2/ The Secretary of Interior repealed regulations which implemented the feather import quotas contained in the Tariff Classification
Act of 1962, effective on or after November 16, 1993 (58 FR 60524-60525).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
5-3

Human hair, unworked, whether or not washed or scoured;
waste of human hair.....................................................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0501.00.00

00

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

0502

Pigs', hogs' or boars' bristles and hair; badger hair and other
brushmaking hair; waste of such bristles or hair:

0502.10.00

00

Pigs', hogs' or boars' bristles and hair and waste thereof..

kg..............

0.8¢/kg

0502.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0504.00.00

0505

0505.10.00

0505.90
0505.90.20

0505.90.60

0506

20

40
60

50

55

60

65

20

40
00

..................

Free1/

kg

kg
kg

Guts, bladders and stomachs of animals (other than fish),
whole and pieces thereof, fresh, chilled, frozen, salted, in brine,
dried or smoked............................................................................

Prepared for use as sausage casings:

Hog....................................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

Skins and other parts of birds, with their feathers or down,
feathers and parts of feathers (whether or not with trimmed
edges) and down, not further worked than cleaned, disinfected
or treated for preservation; powder and waste of feathers or
parts of feathers:

Feathers of a kind used for stuffing; down..........................
Meeting with ASTM D4522, Section 2.2 IDFB Testing
Regulations, Part 2, Sections 2.2, 2.3, Part 7 and Part
11-B:

Feathers2/...................................................................

Down2/........................................................................

Other:

Feathers.....................................................................

Down..........................................................................

Other:

..................

Free1/

20%

kg

kg

kg

kg

Feather meal and waste.................................................

..................

2.3%3/

Feather meal.............................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free3/

Bones and horn-cores, unworked, defatted, simply prepared
(but not cut to shape), treated with acid or degelatinized;
powder and waste of these products:

0506.10.00

00

Ossein and bones treated with acid.....................................

kg..............

0506.90.00

20

40

Other........................................................................................
Bones, crude, steamed or ground.................................

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

Free3/

Free3/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free

Free

I
5-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0507

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ivory, tortoise-shell, whalebone and whalebone hair, horns,
antlers, hooves, nails, claws and beaks, unworked or simply
prepared but not cut to shape; powder and waste of these
products:

0507.10.00

00

Ivory; ivory powder and waste..............................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free3/

0507.90.00

10

90

0508.00.00

00

0510.00

Other........................................................................................
Velvet antler.....................................................................

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

Coral and similar materials, unworked or simply prepared but
not otherwise worked; shells of molluscs, crustaceans or
echinoderms and cuttlebone, unworked or simply prepared
but not cut to shape, powder and waste thereof.......................

Ambergris, castoreum, civet and musk; cantharides; bile,
whether or not dried; glands and other animal products used
in the preparation of pharmaceutical products, fresh, chilled,
frozen or otherwise provisionally preserved:

kg..............

Free3/

0510.00.20

00

Ambergris, castoreum, civet and musk...............................

kg..............

5.1%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

0510.00.40

10

20

40

Other........................................................................................
Pancreas glands..............................................................

..................
kg

Free3/

Bile and other animal secretions....................................

kg

Cantharides; glands (other than pancreas), organs
and other animal products used in the preparation of
pharmaceutical products................................................

kg

Free

Free

Free

20%

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I
5-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0511

0511.10.00

10

90

10

90

00

30

60
00

0511.91.00

0511.99
0511.99.20

0511.99.30

0511.99.33

Animal products not elsewhere specified or included; dead
animals of chapter 1 or 3, unfit for human consumption:

Bovine semen.........................................................................
Dairy..................................................................................

..................
doses

Free3/

Other.................................................................................

doses

Other:

Products of fish or crustaceans, molluscs or other
aquatic invertebrates; dead animals of chapter 3.......
Fertilized fish eggs...................................................

..................
kg

Free3/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other:

Parings and similar waste of raw hides or skins;
glue stock not elsewhere specified or included.....

kg..............

Free3/

Products chiefly used as food for animals or as
ingredients in such food...........................................
Antarctic krill ( Euphausia superba)................

..................
kg

Free3/

Other...................................................................
Horsehair and horsehair waste, whether or not put
up as a layer with or without supporting material...

kg

kg..............

Free3/

0511.99.36

00

Natural sponges of animal origin............................

kg..............

3%3/

0511.99.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

1.1%3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

24

28
30

40

70

Cattle embryos:

Dairy cattle...................................................

No.

Other cattle..................................................
Dried blood.........................................................

No.
kg

Other animal semen..........................................

doses

Other...................................................................

kg

10%

Free

Free

10%

Free

15%

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

I
Endnotes--page 5 - 6
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.69.
3/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION II

VEGETABLE PRODUCTS

II-1

Note

1.

In this section the term "pellets" means products which have been agglomerated either directly by compression or by the addition
of a binder in a proportion not exceeding 3 percent by weight.

II-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 6

LIVE TREES AND OTHER PLANTS; BULBS, ROOTS AND THE LIKE;
CUT FLOWERS AND ORNAMENTAL FOLIAGE

Notes

1. Subject to the second part of heading 0601, this chapter covers only live trees and goods (including seedling vegetables) of a

kind commonly supplied by nursery gardeners or florists for planting or for ornamental use; nevertheless it does not include
potatoes, onions, shallots, garlic or other products of chapter 7.

2. Any reference in heading 0603 or 0604 to goods of any kind shall be construed as including a reference to bouquets, floral

baskets, wreaths and similar articles made wholly or partly of goods of that kind, account not being taken of accessories of other
materials. However, these headings do not apply to collages or similar decorative plaques of heading 9701.

II
6-1

II
6-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0601

0601.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Bulbs, tubers, tuberous roots, corms, crowns and rhizomes,
dormant, in growth or in flower; chicory plants and roots other
than roots of heading 1212:

Bulbs, tubers, tuberous roots, corms, crowns and rhizomes,
dormant:

0601.10.15

00

Tulip bulbs........................................................................

No.............

89.6¢/10001/

0601.10.30

00

Hyacinth bulbs.................................................................

No.............

38.4¢/10001/

0601.10.45

00

Lily bulbs..........................................................................

No.............

55.7¢/10001/

0601.10.60

00

Narcissus bulbs...............................................................

No.............

$1.34/10001/

0601.10.75

00

Crocus corms...................................................................

No.............

19.2¢/10001/

0601.10.85

00

Lily of the valley pips.......................................................

No.............

$1.44/10001/

0601.10.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.5%1/

20

40

60

80

Iris bulbs....................................................................

No.

Gladiolus corms........................................................

No.

Begonia (tuberous) tubers.......................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Bulbs, tubers, tuberous roots, corms, crowns and rhizomes,
in growth or in flower; chicory plants and roots:

No.

0601.20

0601.20.10

00

Hyacinth bulbs, without soil attached............................

No.............

38.4¢/10001/

0601.20.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

1.4%1/

$6/1000

$4/1000

$6/1000

$6/1000

$2/1000

$6/1000

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$4/1000

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
6-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0602

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other live plants (including their roots), cuttings and slips;
mushroom spawn:

0602.10.00

00

Unrooted cuttings and slips..................................................

No.............

4.8%1/

0602.20.00

00

Trees, shrubs and bushes, grafted or not, of kinds which
bear edible fruit or nuts..........................................................

No.............

Free1/

0602.30.00

00

Rhododendrons and azaleas, grafted or not......................

No.............

1.9%1/

25%

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0602.40.00

00

Roses, grafted or not.............................................................

No.............

Free1/

4¢ each

0602.90

Other:

Herbaceous perennials:

0602.90.20

00

Orchid plants.............................................................

kg..............

0602.90.30

With soil attached to roots................................

..................

Other:

Free1/

1.4%1/

10

90
00

0602.90.40

Chrysanthemums........................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
kg..............

3.5%1/

0602.90.50

00

Mushroom spawn.....................................................

kg..............

1.4¢/kg

Other:

0602.90.60

With soil attached to roots................................

..................

1.9%1/

Other:

0602.90.90

10

20

90

10

90

Trees and shrubs........................................

No.

Poinsettias...................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
..................

4.8%1/

Trees and shrubs........................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

25%

30%

30%

2.2¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

II
6-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0603

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cut flowers and flower buds of a kind suitable for bouquets or
for ornamental purposes, fresh, dried, dyed, bleached,
impregnated or otherwise prepared:

Fresh:

0603.11.00

Roses................................................................................

..................

6.8%1/

30

50

00

0603.12
0603.12.30

Spray..........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Carnations:

Miniature (spray) carnations...................................

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

3.2%1/

0603.12.70

00

Other..........................................................................

No.2/

6.4%1/

0603.13.00

Orchids.............................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

50

60

10

20
00

0603.14.00

0603.15.00

Dendrobium...............................................................

No.2/

Other..........................................................................
Chrysanthemums............................................................

No.2/
..................

6.4%1/

Chrysanthemums:

Pom Pom............................................................

Other...................................................................
Lilies (Lillium spp.)..........................................................

No.2/

No.2/
No.2/

6.4%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.2% (JP)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.2% (JP)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.2% (JP)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.2% (JP)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0603 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
6-5

Cut flowers and flower buds of a kind suitable for bouquets or
for ornamental purposes, fresh, dried, dyed, bleached,
impregnated or otherwise prepared: (con.)

Fresh: (con.)

0603.19.01

Other.................................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.2% (JP)

05

07

09

11

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

25

27

29

31

35

37

40

41

42

43

45

55

97
00

0603.90.00

Anthuriums................................................................

Alstroemeria..............................................................

Aster...........................................................................

Bells of Ireland..........................................................

Bird of Paradise........................................................

Calla lilies...................................................................

Daffodils.....................................................................

Delphinium.................................................................

Freesia.......................................................................

Gerbera......................................................................

Gladiolus....................................................................

Gypsophila................................................................

Hydrangea.................................................................

Hypericum.................................................................

Lisianthus..................................................................

Peony.........................................................................

Ranunculus...............................................................

Scabiosa....................................................................

Snapdragons.............................................................

Statice........................................................................

Stock..........................................................................

Sunflowers.................................................................

Tulips.........................................................................

Campanula................................................................

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.2/
No.............

4%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Foliage, branches and other parts of plants, without flowers or
flower buds, and grasses, mosses and lichens, being goods
of a kind suitable for bouquets or for ornamental purposes,
fresh, dried, dyed, bleached, impregnated or otherwise
prepared:

Fresh........................................................................................
Aralia.................................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Free

II
6-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0604

0604.20.00

05

11

15

20

40

60

65

70
72

74

78
82

84

86

00

0604.90
0604.90.10

Aspidistra.........................................................................

Eucalyptus........................................................................

No.

No.

Evergreen Christmas trees:

Douglas fir.................................................................

No.

Fir except Douglas fir...............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Ferns:

Leather leaf...............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Mosses and lichens.........................................................

No.
No.

Palms:

Chamadorea.............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Pittosporum......................................................................

Ruscus..............................................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.
No.

No.

No.

Other:

Mosses and lichens.........................................................

No.............

Other:

0604.90.30

00

Dried or bleached.....................................................

No.............

0604.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

7%1/

Free

Free

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
Endnotes--page 6 - 7

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ Report the number of stems.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 7

EDIBLE VEGETABLES AND CERTAIN ROOTS AND TUBERS

Notes

1.

2.

This chapter does not cover forage products of heading 1214.

In headings 0709, 0710, 0711 and 0712 the word "vegetables" includes edible mushrooms, truffles, olives, capers, marrows,
pumpkins, eggplants (aubergines), sweet corn (Zea mays var. saccharata), fruits of the genus Capsicum (peppers) or of the
genus Pimenta (e.g., allspice), fennel, parsley, chervil, tarragon, cress and sweet marjoram (Marjorana hortensis or Origanum
marjorana).

3. Heading 0712 covers all dried vegetables of the kinds falling in headings 0701 to 0711, other than:

II
7-1

(a) Dried leguminous vegetables, shelled (heading 0713);

(b) Sweet corn in the forms specified in headings 1102 to 1104;

(c) Flour, meal, powder, flakes, granules and pellets of potatoes (heading 1105);

(d) Flour, meal and powder of the dried leguminous vegetables of heading 0713 (heading 1106).

4. However, dried or crushed or ground fruits of the genus Capsicum (peppers) or of the genus Pimenta (e.g., allspice) are excluded

from this chapter (heading 0904).

5. Heading 0711 applies to vegetables which have been treated solely to ensure their provisional preservation during transport or
storage prior to use (for example, by sulfur dioxide gas, in brine, in sulfur water or in other preservative solutions), provided they
remain unsuitable for immediate consumption in that state.

Additional U.S. Notes

1. Unless the context requires otherwise, the provisions of this chapter cover the named products whether or not reduced in size.

2.

In the assessment of duty on any kind of vegetables, any foreign matter or impurities mixed therewith shall not be segregated
nor shall any allowance therefor be made.

3. Articles of a kind covered by this chapter that can be used either for food or for sowing or planting (e.g., onions, onion sets,

shallots, garlic, potatoes, and potato eyes) remain classified in this chapter even if rendered inedible as the result of treatment
with insecticides, fungicides or similar chemicals.

4.

5.

In subheading 0701.10, the expression "seed" covers only seed potatoes which are certified by a responsible officer or agency
of a foreign government in accordance with official rules and regulations to have been grown and approved especially for use
as seed, in containers marked with the foreign government's official seed potato tags and imported for use as seed.

The aggregate quantity of olives entered under subheadings 0711.20.18 and 2005.70.06 in any calendar year shall not exceed
4,400 metric tons.

Statistical Note

1.

2.

3.

For a list of approved standards for "Certified organic", see General Statistical Note 6.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 0702.00.2006, 0702.00.2036, 0702.00.2048, 0702.00.2081, 0702.00.4006,
0702.00.4027, 0702.00.4081, 0702.00.6006, 0702.00.6027, 0702.00.6037 and 0702.00.6081, "round" tomatoes, also commonly
called "globe", "slicing" or "beefsteak" tomatoes, are round in shape and weigh as much as 0.9 kg.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 0709.60.4074, the term "Of a kind for processing" refers to sweet bell-type
peppers used for freezing, pickling/brining or as ingredients in other value-added products, and not intended for immediate retail
sale.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

II
7-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0701
0701.10.00

0701.90
0701.90.10

0701.90.50

20

40

10

60

05

17

21

37

41

43

46

56

66

76

Potatoes, fresh or chilled:

Seed........................................................................................

..................

0.5¢/kg1/

In immediate containers of not over 45 kg net
weight...............................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Yellow (Solano) potatoes...............................................

..................

0.5¢/kg1/

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

0.5¢/kg1/

In immediate containers of not over 1200 kg net
weight:

Certified organic.................................................

Russet or netted gem varieties.........................

Red skin varieties..............................................

White varieties....................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Russet or netted gem varieties.........................

Red skin varieties..............................................

White varieties....................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

2

1.7¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1.7¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

1.7¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0702.00
0702.00.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-3

Tomatoes, fresh or chilled:

If entered during the period from March 1 to July 14,
inclusive, or the period from September 1 to November
14, inclusive, in any year.......................................................

..................

3.9¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Greenhouse:

Certified organic:

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Cherry..................................................................

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Certified organic:

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Cherry..................................................................

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

02

04

06

08

19

26

32

36

42

43

44

48

50

52

62

66

81

92

II
7-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0702.00
(con.)
0702.00.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Tomatoes, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

If entered during the period from July 15 to August 31,
inclusive, in any year..............................................................

..................

2.8¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Greenhouse:

Certified organic:

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Cherry..................................................................

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other:

Cherry..................................................................

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

02

04

06

08

19

21

23

27

32

37

41

47

66

81

92

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0702.00
(con.)
0702.00.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Tomatoes, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-5

If entered during the period from November 15, in any year,
to the last day of the following February, inclusive.............

..................

2.8¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Greenhouse:

Certified organic:

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Cherry..................................................................

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Certified organic:

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Cherry..................................................................

Grape..................................................................

Roma (plum type)..............................................

Round, of a kind described in statistical note
2 to this chapter.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

02

04

06

08

19

21

23

27

32

33

34

37

38

39

46

66

81

92

II
7-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0703

0703.10
0703.10.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Onions, shallots, garlic, leeks and other alliaceous vegetables,
fresh or chilled:

Onions and shallots:

Onion sets........................................................................

kg..............

0.83¢/kg2/

5.5¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

0703.10.30

00

Pearl onions not over 16 mm in diameter..............

kg..............

0.96¢/kg2/

Other:

0703.10.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.1¢/kg2/

25

45

55

60

64

66

68
70

75

05

15
20

90

20

40

0703.20.00

0703.90.00

Certified organic:

Onions..........................................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Onions:

Red varieties.........................................

White varieties......................................

Yellow varieties, not marked sweet.....

Yellow varieties, marked sweet..........

Other......................................................
Shallots.........................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Other.............................................................
Garlic.......................................................................................

kg
..................

0.43¢/kg2/

Fresh whole bulbs:

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................
Fresh whole peeled cloves.............................................

kg

kg
kg

Other.................................................................................
Leeks and other alliaceous vegetables...............................

kg
..................

20%2/

Green onions of a species other than Allium cepa......

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

3.3¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0704

0704.10
0704.10.20

00

Cabbages, cauliflower, kohlrabi, kale and similar edible
brassicas, fresh or chilled:

Cauliflowers and broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. botrytis):
If entered during the period from June 5 to October
15, inclusive, in any year................................................

kg..............

2.5%2/

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

35%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0704.10.40

00

Not reduced in size...................................................

kg..............

10%2/

Other:

0704.10.60

00

Cut, sliced or otherwise reduced in size................

kg..............

14%2/

0704.20.00

00

Brussels sprouts.....................................................................

kg..............

12.5%1/

0704.90

Other (including sprouting broccoli (Brassica oleracea var.
italica)):

0704.90.20

00

Cabbage...........................................................................

kg..............

0.54¢/kg2/

0704.90.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

20%2/

15

22

24
28

35

45

55

Bok choy....................................................................

kg

Broccoli:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................
Collards......................................................................

Kale............................................................................

Napa cabbage..........................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

II
7-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0705

0705.11
0705.11.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Lettuce (Lactuca sativa) and chicory (Cichorium spp.), fresh
or chilled:

Lettuce:

Head lettuce (cabbage lettuce):

If entered in the period from June 1 to October 31,
inclusive, in any year................................................

kg..............

0.4¢/kg1/

0705.11.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7¢/kg1/

0705.19
0705.19.20

Other:

If entered in the period from June 1 to October 31,
inclusive, in any year................................................

..................

0.4¢/kg1/

0705.19.40

20

40

60

80

20

40

60

80

Romaine lettuce.................................................

Butterhead lettuce..............................................

Red and green leaf lettuce................................

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

3.7¢/kg1/

Romaine lettuce.................................................

Butterhead lettuce..............................................

Red and green leaf lettuce................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

0705.21.00

00

Witloof chicory (Cichorium intybus var. foliosum).......

kg..............

0.15¢/kg1/

Chicory:

0705.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

0.15¢/kg1/

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
7-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0706

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carrots, turnips, salad beets (salad beetroot), salsify, celeriac,
radishes and similar edible roots, fresh or chilled:

0706.10

Carrots and turnips:

Carrots:

0706.10.05

00

Reduced in size........................................................

kg..............

14.9%2/

0706.10.10

00

Under 10 cm in length.......................................

kg..............

1.4¢/kg2/

Other:

0706.10.20

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

0.7¢/kg2/

0706.10.40
0706.90
0706.90.20

00

00

Turnips..............................................................................

kg..............

Other:

Radishes..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

2.7%2/

0706.90.30

00

Beets and horseradish....................................................

kg..............

1.9%2/

0706.90.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

10%2/

20

40

Celeriac......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

17.6¢/kg

8.8¢/kg

0.6¢/kg

50%

12%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
7-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0707.00
0707.00.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cucumbers, including gherkins, fresh or chilled:

If entered during the period from December 1 in any year
to the last day of the following February, inclusive.............

..................

4.2¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15

Gherkins...........................................................................

kg

Other:

Greenhouse:

Certified organic:

37

40

45

50

60

70

80

90

Persian.........................................................

Long seedless.............................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Persian.........................................................

Long seedless.............................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

If entered during the period from March 1 to April 30,
inclusive, in any year..............................................................

0707.00.40

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................

5.6¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15

Gherkins...........................................................................

kg

Other:

Greenhouse:

Certified organic:

Persian.........................................................

Long seedless.............................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Persian.........................................................

Long seedless.............................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

37

40

45

50

60

70

80

90

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0707.00
(con.)
0707.00.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-11

Cucumbers, including gherkins, fresh or chilled: (con.)

If entered during the period from May 1 to June 30,
inclusive, or the period from September 1 to November
30, inclusive, in any year.......................................................

..................

5.6¢/kg2/

6.6¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

05

Gherkins...........................................................................

kg

Other:

Greenhouse:

Certified organic:

22

24

26

30

50

60

70

85

Persian.........................................................

Long seedless.............................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Persian.........................................................

Long seedless.............................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

If entered during the period from July 1 to August 31,
inclusive, in any year..............................................................

0707.00.60

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................

1.5¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

05

Gherkins...........................................................................

kg

Other:

Greenhouse:

Certified organic:

13

17

21

24

26

28

30

60

75

Persian.........................................................

Long seedless.............................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Persian.........................................................

Long seedless.............................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Not exceeding 15 cm (6 inches) in length and
presented in bulk quantities of 453.6 kg (1,000
lbs) or more.........................................................

Other:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

II
7-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0708
0708.10
0708.10.20

0708.10.40

0708.20
0708.20.10

0708.20.20

0708.20.90

20

40

60

20

40

60

00

05

10

05

20

40

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Leguminous vegetables, shelled or unshelled, fresh or chilled:

Peas (Pisum sativum):

If entered during the period from July 1 to September
30, inclusive, in any year................................................

..................

0.5¢/kg2/

Snow peas.................................................................

Sugar snap peas......................................................

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

2.8¢/kg2/

Snow peas.................................................................

Sugar snap peas......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Beans (Vigna spp., Phaseolus spp.):

Lima beans, if entered during the period from
November 1 in any year to the following May 31,
inclusive............................................................................

kg..............

2.3¢/kg1/

Cowpeas (other than black-eye peas)..........................
Yard-long beans (Vigna unguiculata subsp.,
Sesquipedalis)..........................................................

..................

Free2/

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

4.9¢/kg2/

Other beans of the genusVigna..............................

kg

Other:

French style........................................................

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

8.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7.7¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

7.7¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-13

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0708 (con.)

0708.90
0708.90.05

00

Leguminous vegetables, shelled or unshelled, fresh or chilled:
(con.)

Other leguminous vegetables:

Chickpeas (garbanzos)..................................................

kg..............

1¢/kg1/

0708.90.15

00

Lentils...............................................................................

kg..............

0.1¢/kg2/

Pigeon peas:

0708.90.25

00

If entered during the period from July 1 to
September 30, inclusive, in any year.....................

kg..............

Free1/

0708.90.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg1/

0708.90.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.9¢/kg2/

0709
0709.20
0709.20.10

0709.20.90

10

90

10

40

70

Other vegetables, fresh or chilled:

Asparagus:

Not reduced in size, entered during the period from
September 15 to November 15, inclusive, in any year,
and transported to the United States by air..................

..................

5%1/

White..........................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

21.3%1/

White..........................................................................

kg

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

4.4¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8.6¢/kg

8.6¢/kg

7.7¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
7-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0709 (con.)
0709.30
0709.30.20

0709.30.40

0709.40
0709.40.20

0709.40.40

0709.40.60

20

40

60

20

40

60

00

20

40

20

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other vegetables, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Eggplants (aubergines):

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

If entered during the period from April 1 to November
30, inclusive, in any year................................................

..................

2.6¢/kg1/

Chinese......................................................................

Italian..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

1.9¢/kg1/

Chinese......................................................................

Italian..........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Celery other than celeriac:

Reduced in size...............................................................

kg..............

14.9%2/

Other:

If imported and entered during the period from April
15 to July 31, inclusive, in any year........................

..................

0.25¢/kg2/

Certified organic.................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

1.9¢/kg2/

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

3.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

0709 (con.)

Other vegetables, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Mushrooms and truffles:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-15

0709.51.01

Mushrooms of the genus Agaricus................................

..................

8.8¢/kg + 20%2/

10

50
00

0709.52.05

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Mushrooms of the genus Boletus..................................

kg
kg..............

8.8¢/kg + 20%2/

0709.53.00

00

Mushrooms of the genus Cantharellus.........................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg + 20%2/

0709.54.00

00

Shiitake (Lentinus edodes)............................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg + 20%2/

0709.55.00

00

Matsutake (Tricholoma matsutake, Tricholoma
magnivelare, Tricholoma anatolicum, Tricholoma
dulciolens, Tricholoma caligatum)................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg + 20%2/

0709.56.00

00

Truffles (Tuber spp.).......................................................

kg..............

0709.59
0709.59.11

00

0709.59.91

00

Other:

Truffles.......................................................................

kg..............

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg + 20%2/

Free2/

Free2/

22¢/kg + 45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg + 45%

22¢/kg + 45%

22¢/kg + 45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg + 45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

22¢/kg + 45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
7-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0709 (con.)
0709.60

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other vegetables, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Fruits of the genus Capsicum (peppers) or of the genus
Pimenta (e.g., allspice):

0709.60.20

Chili peppers....................................................................

..................

4.4¢/kg2/

5.5¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

Greenhouse...............................................................

kg

Other:

Jalapeno.............................................................

Mini sweet peppers...........................................

Anaheim..............................................................

Poblano...............................................................

Serrano...............................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0709 (con.)
0709.60
(con.)
0709.60.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-17

Other vegetables, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Fruits of the genus Capsicum (peppers) or of the genus
Pimenta (e.g., allspice): (con.)

Other.................................................................................

..................

4.7¢/kg2/

5.5¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Greenhouse:

Sweet bell-type peppers (Capsicum annum):

Certified organic:

Green.....................................................

Red........................................................

Yellow....................................................

Orange...................................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Green.....................................................

Red........................................................

Yellow....................................................

Orange...................................................

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................

Other:

Sweet bell-type peppers (Capsicum annum):

Certified organic:

Green.....................................................

Red........................................................

Yellow....................................................

Orange...................................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Of a kind for processing as described
in statistical note 3 to this chapter......

Other:

Green..............................................

Red..................................................

Yellow.............................................

Orange............................................

Other...............................................
Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Spinach, New Zealand spinach and orache spinach
(garden spinach)....................................................................

..................

20%1/

Certified organic..............................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

05

07

09

11

13

17

22

27

32

37
55

60

63

66

69

72

74

78

81

84

87

91
95

10

50

0709.70.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
7-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0709 (con.)

Other vegetables, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Other:

0709.91.00

00

Globe artichokes.............................................................

kg..............

11.3%1/

0709.92.00

00

Olives................................................................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

0709.93
0709.93.10

00

Pumpkins, squash and gourds (Cucurbita spp.):

Pumpkins...................................................................

kg..............

11.3%1/

0709.93.20

Squash.......................................................................

..................

1.5¢/kg2/

50%

11¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20

22

25

28

30

32

35

38

55

60

65

70

75

80

85

90
00

0709.93.30

Certified organic:

Zucchini........................................................

Butternut.......................................................

Grey..............................................................

Spaghetti......................................................

Yellow straightneck.....................................

Kabocha.......................................................

Acorn............................................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Zucchini........................................................

Butternut.......................................................

Grey..............................................................

Spaghetti......................................................

Yellow straightneck.....................................

Kabocha.......................................................

Acorn............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Gourds (Cucurbita spp.)..........................................

kg
kg..............

20%1/

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

0709 (con.)

Other vegetables, fresh or chilled: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-19

0709.99
0709.99.05

00

Other: (con.)
Other:

Jicamas, and breadfruit...........................................

kg..............

11.3%2/

0709.99.10

00

Chayote (Sechium edule)........................................

kg..............

5.6%2/

0709.99.14

00

Okra...........................................................................

kg..............

20%2/

0709.99.30

00

Fiddlehead greens....................................................

kg..............

8%2/

0709.99.45

00

Sweet corn................................................................

kg..............

21.3%2/

0709.99.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

20%2/

05

10

30

85

Bitter melon (Momordica charantia)................

Cilantro................................................................

Cactus leaves.....................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

50%

50%

50%

20%

50%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
7-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0710

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Vegetables (uncooked or cooked by steaming or boiling in
water), frozen:

0710.10.00

00

Potatoes..................................................................................

kg..............

14%2/

0710.21
0710.21.20

00

Leguminous vegetables, shelled or unshelled:

Peas (Pisum sativum):

If entered during the period from July 1 to
September 30, inclusive, in any year.....................

kg..............

1¢/kg2/

0710.21.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2¢/kg2/

0710.22

Beans (Vigna spp., Phaseolus spp.):

Not reduced in size:
Lima beans:

0710.22.10

00

If entered during the period from
November 1 in any year to the following
May 31, inclusive........................................

kg..............

2.3¢/kg2/

0710.22.15

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

4.9¢/kg2/

0710.22.20

00

0710.22.25

00

Cowpeas (other than black-eye peas)............

kg..............

String beans (snap beans)...............................

kg..............

Free2/

4.9¢/kg2/

0710.22.37

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.9¢/kg2/

0710.22.40

Reduced in size........................................................

..................

11.2%2/

10

90

Green and wax...................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8.6¢/kg

8.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7.7¢/kg

7.7¢/kg

Free

7.7¢/kg

7.7¢/kg

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-21

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0710 (con.)

0710.29
0710.29.05

00

Vegetables (uncooked or cooked by steaming or boiling in
water), frozen: (con.)

Leguminous vegetables, shelled or unshelled: (con.)

Other:

Chickpeas (garbanzos)............................................

kg..............

1¢/kg2/

0710.29.15

00

Lentils.........................................................................

kg..............

0.1¢/kg1/

Pigeon peas:

0710.29.25

00

If entered during the period from July 1 to
September 30, inclusive, in any year..............

kg..............

Free2/

0710.29.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg2/

0710.29.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.5¢/kg2/

0710.30.00

00

Spinach, New Zealand spinach and orache spinach
(garden spinach)....................................................................

kg..............

14%2/

0710.40.00

00

Sweet corn..............................................................................

kg..............

14%2/

4.4¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8.6¢/kg

8.6¢/kg

7.7¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0710 (con.)

0710.80
0710.80.15

00

Vegetables (uncooked or cooked by steaming or boiling in
water), frozen: (con.)
Other vegetables:

Bamboo shoots and water chestnuts, other than
Chinese water chestnuts................................................

kg..............

Free2/

0710.80.20

00

Mushrooms......................................................................

kg..............

5.7¢/kg + 8%2/

Tomatoes:

0710.80.40

00

If entered during the period from March 1 to July
14, inclusive, or the period from September 1 to
November 14, inclusive, in any year......................

kg..............

2.9¢/kg2/

0710.80.45

00

If entered during the period from July 15 to August
31, inclusive, in any year.........................................

kg..............

2.1¢/kg2/

0710.80.50

00

If entered during the period from November 15 in
any year to the last day of the following February,
inclusive.....................................................................

kg..............

2.1¢/kg2/

35%

22¢/kg + 45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-23

Vegetables (uncooked or cooked by steaming or boiling in
water), frozen: (con.)

Other vegetables: (con.)

Other:

Not reduced in size:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0710 (con.)

0710.80
(con.)

0710.80.60

00

Fiddlehead greens.............................................

kg..............

8%1/

0710.80.65

00

Brussels sprouts................................................

kg..............

12.5%2/

0710.80.70

Other...................................................................

..................

11.3%2/

40

60

Carrots..........................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Reduced in size:

0710.80.85

00

Brussels sprouts................................................

kg..............

14%1/

0710.80.93

00

Okra.....................................................................

kg..............

14.9%2/

0710.80.97

Other...................................................................

..................

14.9%2/

50%

50%

50%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

22

23

25
26
30

55

65

Asparagus....................................................

kg

Broccoli:

Spears...................................................

kg

Other:

In containers each holding more
than 1.4 kg:

Certified organic......................

Other........................................
Other...............................................
Cauliflower...................................................

Garlic, reduced in size beyond the clove,
whether or not individually quick frozen....

Other.............................................................

kg

kg
kg
kg

kg

kg

II
7-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0710 (con.)

0710.90
0710.90.11

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Vegetables (uncooked or cooked by steaming or boiling in
water), frozen: (con.)

Mixtures of vegetables:

Mixtures of pea pods and water chestnuts, other than
Chinese water chestnuts................................................

kg..............

7.9%2/

0710.90.91

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

14%2/

0711

Vegetables provisionally preserved, but unsuitable in that state
for immediate consumption:

0711.20

Olives:

Not pitted:

0711.20.18

00

Green in color, in a saline solution, in containers
each holding more than 8 kg, drained weight,
certified by the importer to be used for repacking
or sale as green olives:

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

3.7¢/kg on
drained weight1/

0711.20.28

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

0711.20.38

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

0711.20.40

00

Pitted or stuffed...............................................................

kg..............

5.9¢/kg on
drained weight1/

5.9¢/kg on
drained weight1/

8.6¢/kg on
drained weight1/

0711.40.00

00

Cucumbers including gherkins.............................................

kg..............

7.7%2/

0711.51.00

00

Mushrooms of the genus Agaricus................................

kg..............

5.7¢/kg on

Mushrooms and truffles:

drained weight
+ 8%2/

0711.59
0711.59.10

00

Other:

Mushrooms................................................................

kg..............

5.7¢/kg on

drained weight
+8%2/

0711.59.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

7.7%1/

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7.4¢/kg on
drained
weight

7.4¢/kg on
drained
weight

7.4¢/kg on
drained
weight

10.8¢/kg on
drained
weight

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg on
drained
weight+45%

22¢/kg on
drained
weight+45%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-25

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0711 (con.)

0711.90
0711.90.20

00

Vegetables provisionally preserved, but unsuitable in that state
for immediate consumption: (con.)

Other vegetables; mixtures of vegetables:

Leguminous vegetables..................................................

kg..............

0711.90.30

00

Capers..............................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

8%1/

0711.90.50

00

Onions..............................................................................

kg..............

5.1%2/

0711.90.65

00

Other vegetables; mixtures of vegetables....................

kg..............

7.7%2/

0712

0712.20
0712.20.20

00

Dried vegetables, whole, cut, sliced, broken or in powder, but
not further prepared:

Onions:

Powder or flour................................................................

kg..............

29.8%2/

0712.20.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

21.3%2/

6.6¢/kg

20%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

II
7-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0712 (con.)

0712.31
0712.31.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Dried vegetables, whole, cut, sliced, broken or in powder, but
not further prepared: (con.)

Mushrooms, wood ears (Auricularia spp.), jelly fungi
(Tremella spp.) and truffles:

Mushrooms of the genus Agaricus:

Air dried or sun dried................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg + 1.8%2/

0712.31.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

1.9¢/kg + 2.6%2/

0712.32.00

00

Wood ears (Auricularia spp.).........................................

kg..............

8.3%2/

0712.33.00

00

Jelly fungi (Tremella spp.)..............................................

kg..............

8.3%2/

0712.34
0712.34.10

00

Shiitake (Lentinus edodes):

Air dried or sun dried................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg + 1.8%2/

0712.34.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

1.9¢/kg + 2.6%2/

0712.39

Other:

Mushrooms:

0712.39.11

00

Air dried or sun dried.........................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg + 1.8%2/

0712.39.21

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

1.9¢/kg + 2.6%2/

22¢/kg + 45%

22¢/kg + 45%

35%

35%

22¢/kg + 45%

22¢/kg + 45%

22¢/kg + 45%

22¢/kg + 45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0712.39.40

00

Truffles.......................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-27

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0712 (con.)

0712.90
0712.90.10

00

Dried vegetables, whole, cut, sliced, broken or in powder, but
not further prepared: (con.)

Other vegetables; mixtures of vegetables:

Carrots..............................................................................

kg..............

1.3%2/

0712.90.15

00

Not ripe......................................................................

kg..............

5.5¢/kg2/

Olives:

0712.90.20

00

Ripe............................................................................

kg..............

2.5¢/kg2/

0712.90.30

00

Potatoes whether or not cut or sliced but not further
prepared...........................................................................

kg..............

2.3¢/kg2/

0712.90.40

Garlic................................................................................

..................

29.8%2/

20

40

Powder or flour..........................................................

Other..........................................................................

Fennel, marjoram, parsley, savory and tarragon:

kg

kg

0712.90.60

00

Crude or not manufactured.....................................

kg..............

0712.90.65

00

Parsley................................................................

kg..............

Other:

Free2/

3.8%2/

0712.90.70

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

1.9%2/

0712.90.74

00

In powder...................................................................

kg..............

8.7%2/

Tomatoes:

0712.90.78

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

8.7%2/

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5¢/kg

11¢/kg

6¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free

20%

25%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
7-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0712 (con.)

0712.90
(con.)
0712.90.85

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Dried vegetables, whole, cut, sliced, broken or in powder, but
not further prepared: (con.)

Other vegetables; mixtures of vegetables: (con.)

Other vegetables; mixtures of vegetables....................

..................

8.3%2/

10

20

30

40

50

80

Broccoli......................................................................

Celery stalks..............................................................

Leeks.........................................................................

Spinach......................................................................

Sweet corn seeds of a kind used for sowing.........

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

0713

0713.10
0713.10.10

00

Dried leguminous vegetables, shelled, whether or not skinned
or split:

Peas (Pisum sativum):

Seeds of a kind used for sowing....................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

Other:

0713.10.20

00

Split peas...................................................................

kg..............

0713.10.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free2/

0.4¢/kg2/

05

15
20

60

80

00

0713.20
0713.20.10

Yellow peas:

Certified Organic.........................................

Other.............................................................
Green peas.........................................................

Austrian winter peas..........................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

Chickpeas (garbanzos):

Seeds of a kind used for sowing....................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

0713.20.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

1.4¢/kg2/

15

25

75

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other:

Kabuli chickpeas................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5¢/kg

3.9¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

13.2¢/kg

3.9¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-29

Dried leguminous vegetables, shelled, whether or not skinned
or split: (con.)

Beans (Vigna spp., Phaseolus spp.):

Beans of the species Vigna mungo (L.) Hepper or
Vigna radiata (L.)Wilczek:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0713 (con.)

0713.31

0713.31.10

00

Seeds of a kind used for sowing.............................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg2/

0713.31.20

00

0713.31.40

00

Other:

If entered for consumption during the period
from May 1 to August 31, inclusive, in any
year......................................................................

If entered for consumption outside the above
stated period, or if withdrawn for consumption
at any time..........................................................

kg..............

Free2/

kg..............

0.3¢/kg2/

0713.32

Small red (adzuki) beans (Phaseolus or Vigna
angularis):

0713.32.10

00

Seeds of a kind used for sowing.............................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

0713.32.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

1.2¢/kg2/

13.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

13.2¢/kg

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

II
7-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0713 (con.)

0713.33

0713.33.10

0713.33.20

0713.33.40

20

40

20

30

50

90

20

30

50

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Dried leguminous vegetables, shelled, whether or not skinned
or split: (con.)

Beans (Vigna spp., Phaseolus spp.): (con.)

Kidney beans, including white pea beans (Phaseolus
vulgaris):

Seeds of a kind used for sowing.............................

..................

1.5¢/kg2/

Navy or pea beans.............................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

If entered for consumption during the period
from May 1 to August 31, inclusive, in any
year......................................................................

..................

1¢/kg2/

13.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Navy or pea beans......................................

Dark red beans............................................

Light red beans............................................

Other.............................................................
If entered for consumption outside the above
stated period, or if withdrawn for consumption
at any time..........................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................

1.5¢/kg2/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Navy or pea beans......................................

Dark red beans............................................

Light red beans............................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

0713.34

Bambara beans (Vigna subterranea orVoandzeia
subterranea):

0713.34.10

00

Of a kind used for sowing........................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg1/

0713.34.20

00

Other:

If entered for consumption during the period
from May 1 to August 31, Inclusive, in any
year......................................................................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg2/

0713.34.40

00

If entered for consumption outside the above
stated period, or if withdrawn for consumption
at any time..........................................................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg2/

0713.35.00

00

Cowpeas (Vigna unguiculata)........................................

kg..............

Free2/

13.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

6.6¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-31

Dried leguminous vegetables, shelled, whether or not skinned
or split: (con.)

Beans (Vigna spp., Phaseolus spp.): (con.)

Other:

Seeds of a kind used for sowing.............................

..................

1.5¢/kg2/

Cranberry beans................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

If entered for consumption during the period
from May 1 to August 31, inclusive, in any
year......................................................................

..................

0.8¢/kg2/

13.2¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Black beans.................................................

Great Northern beans.................................

Baby lima beans..........................................

Other lima beans.........................................

Pinto beans..................................................

Other white beans.......................................

Other.............................................................
If entered for consumption outside the above
stated period, or if withdrawn for consumption
at any time..........................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................

0.8¢/kg2/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Black beans.................................................

Great Northern beans.................................

Baby lima beans..........................................

Other lima beans.........................................

Pinto beans..................................................

Other white beans.......................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0713 (con.)

0713.39
0713.39.11

0713.39.21

0713.39.41

10

90

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

II
7-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0713 (con.)

0713.40
0713.40.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Dried leguminous vegetables, shelled, whether or not skinned
or split: (con.)
Lentils:

Seeds of a kind used for sowing....................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

0713.40.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

0.15¢/kg2/

15

20

35

50

65

85

Green lentils, including French green (dark
speckled):

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

Red:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................
Broad beans (Vicia faba var. major) and horse beans (Vicia
faba var. equina and Vicia faba var. minor):

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

0713.50

0713.50.10

00

Seeds of a kind used for sowing....................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

0713.50.20

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

1.2¢/kg2/

0713.60
0713.60.10

00

Pigeon peas (Cajanus cajan):

Of a kind used for sowing...............................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg1/

Other:

0713.60.60

00

If entered for consumption during the period from
May 1 to August 31, inclusive, in any year............

kg..............

0.8¢/kg2/

0713.60.80

00

If entered for consumption outside the above stated
period, or if withdrawn for consumption at any
time.............................................................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

13.2¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

13.2¢/kg

6.6¢/kg

13.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0713 (con.)

0713.90
0713.90.11

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-33

Dried leguminous vegetables, shelled, whether or not skinned
or split: (con.)
Other:

Seeds of a kind used for sowing....................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

13.2¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0713.90.50

00

Guar seeds................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free

Other:

0713.90.61

00

Other:

If entered for consumption during the period
from May 1 to August 31, inclusive, in any
year......................................................................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg2/

0713.90.81

00

If entered for consumption outside the above
stated period, or if withdrawn for consumption
at any time..........................................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

0714

0714.10
0714.10.10

00

Cassava (manioc), arrowroot, salep, Jerusalem artichokes,
sweet potatoes and similar roots and tubers with high starch
or inulin content, fresh, chilled, frozen or dried, whether or not
sliced or in the form of pellets; sago pith:

Cassava (manioc):

Frozen...............................................................................

kg..............

7.9%1/

0714.10.20

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

11.3%2/

0714.20
0714.20.10

00

Sweet potatoes:

Frozen...............................................................................

kg..............

6%2/

0714.20.20

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.5%2/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

50%

35%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

II
7-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0714 (con.)

0714.30
0714.30.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cassava (manioc), arrowroot, salep, Jerusalem artichokes,
sweet potatoes and similar roots and tubers with high starch
or inulin content, fresh, chilled, frozen or dried, whether or not
sliced or in the form of pellets; sago pith: (con.)

Yams (Dioscorea spp.):

Fresh or chilled................................................................

kg..............

6.4%2/

0714.30.20

00

Frozen...............................................................................

kg..............

6%2/

Other:

0714.30.50

00

In the form of pellets.................................................

kg..............

0714.30.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

8.3%2/

0714.40
0714.40.10

01

Taro (Colocasia spp.):

Fresh or chilled................................................................

kg..............

2.3%2/

0714.40.20

00

Frozen...............................................................................

kg..............

6%2/

Other:

0714.40.50

00

In the form of pellets.................................................

kg..............

0714.40.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

8.3%2/

0714.50
0714.50.10

00

Yautia (Xanthosoma spp.):

Fresh or chilled................................................................

kg..............

16%2/

0714.50.20

00

Frozen...............................................................................

kg..............

6%2/

Other:

0714.50.50

00

In the form of pellets.................................................

kg..............

0714.50.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

8.3%2/

50%

35%

Free

35%

50%

35%

Free

35%

50%

35%

Free

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.2% (JP)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.15% (JP)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0714 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
7-35

Cassava (manioc), arrowroot, salep, Jerusalem artichokes,
sweet potatoes and similar roots and tubers with high starch
or inulin content, fresh, chilled, frozen or dried, whether or not
sliced or in the form of pellets; sago pith: (con.)

0714.90

Other:

Fresh or chilled:

0714.90.05

00

Chinese water chestnuts.........................................

kg..............

20%2/

0714.90.39

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

16%2/

Frozen:

0714.90.41

00

Mixtures of pea pods and Chinese water
chestnuts...................................................................

kg..............

7.9%2/

0714.90.42

00

Other mixtures of Chinese water chestnuts..........

kg..............

14%2/

0714.90.44

00

Chinese water chestnuts, not mixed......................

kg..............

0714.90.46

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

6%2/

0714.90.48

00

Chinese water chestnuts.........................................

kg..............

8.3%2/

Other:

Other:

0714.90.51

00

0714.90.61

00

In the form of pellets..........................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

8.3%2/

50%

50%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
Endnotes--page 7 - 36
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 8

EDIBLE FRUIT AND NUTS; PEEL OF
CITRUS FRUIT OR MELONS

II
8-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover inedible nuts or fruit.

2. Chilled fruit and nuts are to be classified in the same headings as the corresponding fresh fruit and nuts.

3. Dried fruit or dried nuts of this chapter may be partially rehydrated, or treated for the following purposes:

(a) For additional preservation or stabilization (for example, by moderate heat treatment, sulfuring, the addition of sorbic acid

or potassium sorbate),

(b) To improve or maintain their appearance (for example, by the addition of vegetable oil or small quantities of glucose syrup),

provided that they retain the character of dried fruits or dried nuts.

4. Heading 0812 applies to fruit and nuts which have been treated solely to ensure their provisional preservation during transport
or storage prior to use (for example, by sulfur dioxide gas, in brine, in sulfur water or in other preservative solutions), provided
they remain unsuitable for immediate consumption in that state.

Additional U.S. Note

1. No allowance shall be made for dirt or other impurities in nuts of any kind, shelled or not shelled.

Statistical Note

1.

2.

3.

For a list of approved standards for "certified organic", see General Statistical Note 6.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 0807.11.3020, 0807.11.3060, 0807.11.4020 and 0807.11.4060, "miniature
type" watermelons (also marketed as mini, personal, personal-size or personal mini), refers to watermelons weighing at least
0.91 kg (2 pounds) but not over 3.18 kg (7 pounds).

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 0810.10.2020, 0810.10.2060, 0810.10.4020 and 0810.10.4060, strawberries
"for processing" refers to strawberries that are conventionally and certified organically grown and then shipped loose (not placed
into any other containers such as pints or plastic clamshells) in plastic flats not weighing more than 0.91 kg (2 pounds), excluding
the weight of the plastic flats. These strawberries are sometimes called "cannery" "freezer" or "juice" strawberries. They are not
sold for immediate consumption on the fresh market.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
8-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0801

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Coconuts, Brazil nuts and cashew nuts, fresh or dried, whether
or not shelled or peeled:

Coconuts:

0801.11.00

00

Desiccated.......................................................................

kg..............

0801.12.00

00

In the inner shell (endocarp)..........................................

kg..............

0801.19.01

20

40

Other.................................................................................
In shell........................................................................

..................
kg

Shelled.......................................................................

kg

Brazil nuts:

0801.21.00

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

0801.22.00

00

Shelled..............................................................................

kg..............

Cashew nuts:

0801.31.00

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

0801.32.00

00

Shelled..............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free2/

Free1/

Free2/

Free2/

Free1/

Free1/

0802

Other nuts, fresh or dried, whether or not shelled or peeled:

Almonds:

0802.11.00

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

7.7¢/kg1/

0802.12.00

Shelled..............................................................................

..................

24¢/kg1/

05

15

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Hazelnuts or filberts (Corylus spp.):

0802.21.00

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

7¢/kg2/

0802.22.00

00

Shelled..............................................................................

kg..............

14.1¢/kg1/

0802.31.00

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

7¢/kg1/

Walnuts:

0802.32.00

00

Shelled..............................................................................

kg..............

26.5¢/kg1/

Chestnuts (Castanea spp.):

0802.41.00

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

0802.42.00

00

Shelled..............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

7.7¢/kg

7.7¢/kg

7.7¢/kg

9.9¢/kg

9.9¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

12.1¢/kg

40.8¢/kg

11¢/kg

22¢/kg

11¢/kg

33.1¢/kg

Free

Free

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
8-3

Other nuts, fresh or dried, whether or not shelled or peeled:
(con.)

Pistachios:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0802 (con.)

0802.51.00

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

0.9¢/kg1/

0802.52.00

00

Shelled..............................................................................

kg..............

1.9¢/kg1/

0802.61.00

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg2/

Macadamia nuts:

0802.62.00

00

Shelled..............................................................................

kg..............

5¢/kg1/

0802.70.10

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg2/

Kola nuts (Cola spp.):

0802.70.20

00

Shelled..............................................................................

kg..............

5¢/kg2/

0802.80.10

00

In shell...............................................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg2/

Areca nuts:

0802.80.20

00

Shelled..............................................................................

kg..............

5¢/kg1/

5.5¢/kg

11¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

11¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

11¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

11¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
8-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0802 (con.)

0802.91
0802.91.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other nuts, fresh or dried, whether or not shelled or peeled:
(con.)

Other:

Pine nuts, in shell:

Pignolia......................................................................

kg..............

0.7¢/kg2/

0802.91.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg

0802.92
0802.92.10

00

Pine nuts, shelled:

Pignolia......................................................................

kg..............

1¢/kg

0802.92.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5¢/kg2/

0802.99

Other:

Pecans:

0802.99.10

00

In shell.................................................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

0802.99.15

00

Shelled................................................................

kg..............

17.6¢/kg1/

0802.99.82

00

In shell.................................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg

Other:

0802.99.98

00

Shelled................................................................

kg..............

5¢/kg2/

0803
0803.10
0803.10.10

Bananas and plantains, fresh or dried:

Plantains:

00

Fresh.................................................................................

kg..............

0803.10.20

00

Dried.................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

1.4%1/

0803.90.00

25

35

45

Other........................................................................................
Certified organic..............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other:

Fresh..........................................................................

Dried...........................................................................

kg

kg

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

11¢/kg

11¢/kg

11¢/kg

22¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

11¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

35%

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
8-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0804

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Dates, figs, pineapples, avocados, guavas, mangoes and
mangosteens, fresh or dried:

0804.10

Dates:

Whole, with or without pits:

0804.10.20

Packed in units weighing (with the immediate
container, if any) not more than 4.6 kg...................

..................

13.2¢/kg1/

10

90

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

0804.10.40

00

With pits..............................................................

kg..............

1¢/kg1/

0804.10.60

00

With pits removed..............................................

kg..............

2.8¢/kg1/

0804.10.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

29.8%1/

0804.20

0804.20.40

00

Figs:

Whole:

In immediate containers weighing with their
contents over 0.5 kg each.......................................

kg..............

7.9¢/kg1/

0804.20.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.2¢/kg1/

0804.20.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

16.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11¢/kg

11¢/kg

11¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
8-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0804 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Dates, figs, pineapples, avocados, guavas, mangoes and
mangosteens, fresh or dried: (con.)

0804.30

Pineapples:

Not reduced in size:

0804.30.20

00

In bulk........................................................................

kg..............

0.51¢/kg1/

0804.30.40

In crates or other packages.....................................

..................

1.1¢/kg1/

0804.30.60

0804.40.00

10

90

10

90

20

40
90

Certified organic.................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Reduced in size...............................................................

kg
..................

0.44¢/kg1/

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Avocados................................................................................

kg
..................

11.2¢/kg2/

Hass avocados and avocados determined by the
Secretary of Agriculture to be Hass-like:

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg

kg
kg

0.64¢/kg

2.11¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33.1¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
8-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0804 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Dates, figs, pineapples, avocados, guavas, mangoes and
mangosteens, fresh or dried: (con.)

0804.50

Guavas, mangoes and mangosteens:

Fresh:

0804.50.40

If entered during the period from September 1, in
any year, to the following May 31, inclusive..........

..................

6.6¢/kg1/

0804.50.60

0804.50.80

45

55
65

75

45

55
65

75

20

40
90

Mangoes:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................
Mangosteens......................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other...................................................................
If entered at any other time......................................

kg
..................

6.6¢/kg1/

Mangoes:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................
Mangosteens......................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other...................................................................
Dried.................................................................................

kg
..................

1.5¢/kg1/

Mangoes:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

33.1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

33.1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

33.1¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
8-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0805
0805.10.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Citrus fruit, fresh or dried:

Oranges..................................................................................

..................

1.9¢/kg1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2

2.2¢/kg

20

50

60

Temple oranges...............................................................

kg

Other:

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Mandarins (including tangerines and satsumas);
clementines, wilkings and similar citrus hybrids:

0805.21.00

Mandarins (including tangerines and satsumas).........

..................

1.9¢/kg1/

10

90
00

0805.22.00

Tangerines................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Clementines.....................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.9¢/kg1/

0805.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

1.9¢/kg1/

0805.40
0805.40.40

Grapefruit and pomelos:

If entered during the period from August 1 to
September 30, inclusive, in any year............................

..................

1.9¢/kg2/

10

90
00

0805.40.60

Grapefruit..................................................................

kg

Pomelo.......................................................................
If entered during the month of October.........................

kg
kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

0805.40.80

If entered at any other time.............................................

..................

2.5¢/kg2/

10

90

Grapefruit..................................................................

Pomelo.......................................................................

kg

kg

2.2¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.3¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.3¢/kg

3.3¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
8-9

Citrus fruit, fresh or dried: (con.)

Lemons (Citrus limon, Citrus limonum) and limes (Citrus
aurantifolia, Citrus latifolia):

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0805 (con.)
0805.50

0805.50.20

Lemons.............................................................................

..................

2.2¢/kg2/

10

50

20

40
00

0805.50.30

0805.50.40

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Limes:

Tahitian limes, Persian limes and other limes of
the Citrus latifolia variety..........................................

kg..............

0.8%2/

Certified organic.................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.8¢/kg2/

0805.90.01

00

Other, including kumquats, citrons and bergamots...........

kg..............

0.8%2/

0806
0806.10
0806.10.20

Grapes, fresh or dried:

Fresh:

If entered during the period from February 15 to March
31, inclusive, in any year................................................

..................

$1.13/m32/

5.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$8.83/m3

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

05

15

25

35

45

Certified organic.......................................................

Other:

Red varieties......................................................

White varieties....................................................

Black varieties....................................................

Other...................................................................

m3
kg

m3
kg

m3
kg

m3
kg

m3
kg

II
8-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0806 (con.)
0806.10
(con.)
0806.10.40

05

15

25

35

45

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Grapes, fresh or dried: (con.)

Fresh: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

If entered during the period from April 1 to June 30,
inclusive, in any year.......................................................
Certified organic.......................................................

Free2/

..................
m3
kg

$8.83/m3

Other:

Red varieties......................................................

White varieties....................................................

Black varieties....................................................

Other...................................................................

m3
kg

m3
kg

m3
kg

m3
kg
..................

$1.80/m32/

$8.83/m3

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0806.10.60

If entered at any other time.............................................

05

15

25

35

45

10

20

90
00

0806.20

0806.20.10

0806.20.20

Certified organic.......................................................

Other:

Red varieties......................................................

White varieties....................................................

Black varieties....................................................

Other...................................................................

m3
kg

m3
kg

m3
kg

m3
kg

m3
kg

Dried:

Raisins:

Made from seedless grapes....................................

..................

1.8¢/kg1/

Currants..............................................................

Sultanas..............................................................

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other raisins..............................................................

kg
kg..............

2.8¢/kg1/

0806.20.90

00

Other dried grapes..........................................................

kg..............

3.5¢/kg1/

4.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
8-11

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0807

Melons (including watermelons) and papayas (papaws), fresh:

0807.11
0807.11.30

Melons (including watermelons):

Watermelons:

If entered during the period from December 1, in
any year, to the following March 31, inclusive.......

..................

9%2/

0807.11.40

20

40

60

80
90

20

40

60

80
90

Seedless:

Certified organic:

Miniature type of a kind described in
statistical note 2 to this chapter..........

Other......................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Miniature type of a kind described in
statistical note 2 to this chapter..........

kg

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................
If entered at any other time......................................

kg
kg
..................

17%2/

Seedless:

Certified organic:

Miniature type of a kind described in
statistical note 2 to this chapter..........

Other......................................................

Other:

Miniature type of a kind described in
statistical note 2 to this chapter..........

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.5% (JP)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
8-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0807 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Melons (including watermelons) and papayas (papaws), fresh:
(con.)

Melons (including watermelons): (con.)

0807.19

Other:

Cantaloupes:

0807.19.10

00

If entered during the period from August 1 to
September 15, inclusive, in any year..............

kg..............

12.8%2/

0807.19.20

00

If entered at any other time...............................

kg..............

29.8%2/

0807.19.50

00

Ogen and Galia melons:

If entered during the period from December 1,
in any year, to the following May 31,
inclusive..............................................................

kg..............

1.6%2/

0807.19.60

00

If entered at any other time...............................

kg..............

6.3%2/

0807.19.70

20

40

20

40
00

0807.19.80

0807.20.00

Other:

If entered during the period from December 1,
in any year, to the following May 31,
inclusive..............................................................

kg..............

5.4%2/

Honeydew melons.......................................

kg

Other.............................................................
If entered at any other time...............................

kg
kg..............

28%2/

Honeydew melons.......................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Papayas (papaws).................................................................

kg
kg..............

5.4%2/

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.4% (JP)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.15% (JP)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.7% (JP)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

14% (JP)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0808
0808.10.00

0808.30
0808.30.20

0808.30.40

0808.40
0808.40.20

0808.40.40

30

45

65

15

35

45

15

35

45

15

25

15

25

Apples, pears and quinces, fresh:

Apples.....................................................................................
Valued not over 22¢ per kg............................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Valued over 22¢ per kg:

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Pears:

If entered during the period from April 1 to June 30,
inclusive, in any year.......................................................
Certified organic.......................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other:

Asian pears (Pyrus pyrifolia).............................

kg

Other...................................................................
If entered at any other time.............................................

kg
..................

0.3¢/kg1/

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other:

Asian pears (Pyrus pyrifolia).............................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Quinces:

If entered during the period from April 1 to June 30,
inclusive, in any year.......................................................
Certified organic.......................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
If entered at any other time.............................................

kg
..................

0.3¢/kg1/

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

II
8-13

2

1.1¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1.1¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
8-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0809

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Apricots, cherries, peaches (including nectarines), plums
(including prune plums) and sloes, fresh:

0809.10.00

00

Apricots...................................................................................

kg..............

0.2¢/kg2/

1.1¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

0809.21.00

00

Sour cherries (Prunus cerasus).....................................

kg..............

Cherries:

0809.29.00
0809.30
0809.30.20

00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Peaches, including nectarines:

If entered during the period from June 1 to November
30, inclusive, in any year................................................

kg..............

0.2¢/kg1/

Free2/

Free1/

0809.30.40

0809.40
0809.40.20

10

90

00

If entered at any other time.............................................
Peaches.....................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Nectarines.................................................................

kg

Plums (including prune plums) and sloes:

If entered during the period from January 1 to May 31,
inclusive, in any year.......................................................

kg..............

Free2/

0809.40.40

00

If entered at any other time.............................................

kg..............

0.5¢/kg2/

0810
0810.10
0810.10.20

Other fruit, fresh:
Strawberries:

If entered during the period from June 15 to September
15, inclusive, in any year................................................

..................

0.2¢/kg1/

0810.10.40

20

40

60

80

20

40

60

80

Certified organic:

Of a kind for processing as described in
statistical note 3 to this chapter........................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Of a kind for processing as described in
statistical note 3 to this chapter........................

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
If entered at any other time.............................................

kg
..................

1.1¢/kg1/

Certified organic:

Of a kind for processing as described in
statistical note 3 to this chapter........................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Of a kind for processing as described in
statistical note 3 to this chapter........................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
8-15

Other fruit, fresh: (con.)

Raspberries, blackberries, mulberries and loganberries:
Raspberries and loganberries entered during the period
from September 1 in any year to June 30 of the
following year...................................................................

..................

0.18¢/kg1/

2.8¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0810 (con.)
0810.20
0810.20.10

23

28

30

35
40

22

24

45

60
90
00

24

26

29
30

40

10

90
00

0810.20.90

0810.30.00

0810.40.00

0810.50.00

0810.60.00

Raspberries:

Raspberries packed in units weighing (with
the immediate container, if any) not more than
5.0 kg:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Certified organic..........................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg
..................

Free2/

Raspberries:

Raspberries packed in units weighing (with
the immediate container, if any) not more than
5.0 kg...................................................................

Other...................................................................

Blackberries:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Black, white or red currants and gooseberries (other than
kiwifruit)...................................................................................

Cranberries, blueberries and other fruits of the genus
Vaccinium................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg..............

Free1/

..................

Free1/

Blueberries:

Wild............................................................................

kg

Cultivated (including highbush):

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................
Cranberries......................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other.................................................................................
Kiwifruit....................................................................................
Certified organic..............................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free2/

Other.................................................................................
Durians....................................................................................

kg
kg..............

2.2%2/

0810.70.00

00

Persimmons............................................................................

kg..............

2.2%1/

2.8¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
8-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0810 (con.)
0810.90
0810.90.27

0810.90.46

30

60

20

30

40

50

60

70

75

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other fruit, fresh: (con.)

Other:

Other berries; tamarinds.................................................
Tamarinds.................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Berries........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

2.2%1/

2.8¢/kg

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Cactus pears.............................................................

Dragon fruit................................................................

Jackfruit.....................................................................

Lychee.......................................................................

Pomegranates...........................................................

Rambutan..................................................................

Tomatillos..................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

0811

Fruit and nuts, uncooked or cooked by steaming or boiling in
water, frozen, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter:

0811.10.00

Strawberries...........................................................................

..................

11.2%1/

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20

50

60

75

85

25

35
40

30

90

0811.20

0811.20.20

0811.20.40

In immediate containers each holding not more than
1.2 liters............................................................................

kg

In immediate containers each holding more than 1.2
liters:

Containing cane and/or beet sugar:

Not more than 25 percent by weight................

More than 25 percent by weight.......................

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................
Raspberries, blackberries, mulberries, loganberries, black,
white or red currants and gooseberries (other than kiwi
fruit):

Raspberries, loganberries, black currants and
gooseberries (other than kiwi fruit)................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................

4.5%1/

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Raspberries:

Red Raspberries................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg
..................

9%1/

Blackberries..............................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
8-17

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0811 (con.)

0811.90
0811.90.10

00

Fruit and nuts, uncooked or cooked by steaming or boiling in
water, frozen, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)

Other:

Bananas and plantains...................................................

kg..............

3.4%1/

0811.90.20

Blueberries.......................................................................

..................

Free1/

25

27

30

40
00

0811.90.22

Wild

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Cultivated (Including highbush):

Certified organic.................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Boysenberries..................................................................

kg
kg..............

11.2%1/

0811.90.25

00

Cashew apples, mameyes colorados, sapodillas,
soursops and sweetsops................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

0811.90.30

00

Coconut meat...................................................................

kg..............

0811.90.35

00

Cranberries (Vaccinium macrocarpum).......................

kg..............

0811.90.40

00

Papayas............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

11.2%1/

0811.90.50

Pineapples.......................................................................

..................

0.25¢/kg1/

10

90

10

90
00

0811.90.52

0811.90.55

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Mangoes...........................................................................

kg
..................

10.9%1/

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Melons..............................................................................

kg
kg..............

11.2%1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.9¢/kg

35%

35%

4.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
8-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0811 (con.)

0811.90
(con.)
0811.90.80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fruit and nuts, uncooked or cooked by steaming or boiling in
water, frozen, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other.................................................................................

..................

14.5%1/

40

60
85

90

97

Cherries:

Sweet varieties...................................................

Tart varieties......................................................
Frozen mixes only of combinations of strawberries,
blueberries, red raspberries or blackberries.........

Peaches.....................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

0812

Fruit and nuts provisionally preserved, but unsuitable in that
state for immediate consumption:

0812.10.00

00

Cherries...................................................................................

kg..............

13.4¢/kg2/

0812.90
0812.90.10

00

Other:

Mixtures of two or more fruits.........................................

kg..............

11.2%1/

0812.90.20

00

Citrus..........................................................................

kg..............

1.8¢/kg1/

Other:

0812.90.30

00

Figs.............................................................................

kg..............

2.6¢/kg1/

0812.90.40

00

Pineapples.................................................................

kg..............

0.25¢/kg1/

0812.90.50

00

Strawberries..............................................................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg1/

0812.90.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

0.1¢/kg1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

35%

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20.9¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

11¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
8-19

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0813

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fruit, dried, other than that of headings 0801 to 0806; mixtures
of nuts or dried fruits of this chapter:

0813.10.00

00

Apricots...................................................................................

kg..............

1.8¢/kg1/

0813.20
0813.20.10

00

Prunes:

Soaked in brine and dried..............................................

kg..............

2¢/kg1/

0813.20.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

14%1/

10

90
00

0813.30.00

Dried, whether or not pitted.....................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Apples.....................................................................................

kg
kg..............

0.74¢/kg1/

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

II
8-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0813 (con.)

0813.40
0813.40.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fruit, dried, other than that of headings 0801 to 0806; mixtures
of nuts or dried fruits of this chapter: (con.)

Other fruit:

Papayas............................................................................

kg..............

1.8%1/

0813.40.15

00

Barberries..................................................................

kg..............

3.5¢/kg1/

Berries:

0813.40.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

1.4¢/kg1/

10

20

60

10

90
00

0813.40.30

0813.40.40

Wild blueberries.................................................

Cultivated (including highbush) blueberries....

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Cherries............................................................................

kg
..................

10.6¢/kg1/

Tart varieties(Prunus cerasus)................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Peaches............................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.4¢/kg1/

0813.40.80

00

Tamarinds........................................................................

kg..............

6.8%1/

0813.40.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.5%1/

0813.50.00

Mixtures of nuts or dried fruits of this chapter.....................

..................

14%1/

20

40

60

Containing only fruit........................................................

Containing only nuts........................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

35%

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
8-21

Peel of citrus fruit or melons (including watermelons), fresh,
frozen, dried or provisionally preserved in brine, in sulfur water
or in other preservative solutions:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0814.00

0814.00.10

00

Orange or citron.....................................................................

kg..............

0814.00.40

00

Lime.........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1.6¢/kg1/

0814.00.80

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

1.6¢/kg1/

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
Endnotes--page 8 - 22
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 9

COFFEE, TEA, MATÉ AND SPICES

II
9-1

Notes

1. Mixtures of the products of headings 0904 to 0910 are to be classified as follows:

(a) Mixtures of two or more of the products of the same heading are to be classified in that heading;

(b) Mixtures of two or more of the products of different headings are to be classified in heading 0910.

The addition of other substances to the products of headings 0904 to 0910 (or to the mixtures referred to in paragraph (a) or (b)
above) shall not affect their classification provided the resulting mixtures retain the essential character of the goods of those
headings. Otherwise such mixtures are not classified in this chapter; those constituting mixed condiments or mixed seasonings
are classified in heading 2103.

2.

This chapter does not cover Cubeb pepper (Piper cubeba) or other products of heading 1211.

Additional U.S. Notes

1. Except as otherwise indicated, the provisions in this chapter cover the named products whether whole or in crushed or powdered

form.

2. No allowance shall be made for dirt or other foreign matter in the products of this chapter.

3.

The rates of duty specified in subheadings 0901.11 to 0901.22, inclusive, shall not apply to any product imported into Puerto
Rico upon which a duty is imposed pursuant to section 319 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended (19 U.S.C. 1319).

4. All immediate containers and wrappings, and all intermediate containers, of tea (heading 0902) in packages of less than 2.3 kg,
net, each are dutiable at the rates applicable to such containers and wrappings if imported empty, except that such goods
originating in the following territories listed below shall enter free of duty.

Australia, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Singapore.

5. Pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 41, the importation of impure tea is prohibited, except as provided for in chapter 98.1/

6.

The importation of pepper shells, ground or unground, is prohibited.

Statistical Note

1.

For a list of approved standards for "Certified organic", see General Statistical Note 6.

1/ Carryover legal note from the Tariff Schedule of the United States (TSUS). The Tea Importation Act (21 U.S.C. 41) was
repealed,effective April 9, 1996. The shaded area indicates that the provisions have expired.

II
9-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0901

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Coffee, whether or not roasted or decaffeinated; coffee husks
and skins; coffee substitutes containing coffee in any
proportion:

Coffee, not roasted:

0901.11.00

Not decaffeinated............................................................

..................

Free1/

Free

0901.12.00

15

25

35

40

50

65

20

35

40

55

60

75

Arabica:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

Robusta:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Decaffeinated...................................................................

kg
..................

Free1/

Free

Arabica:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

Robusta:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0901 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
9-3

Coffee, whether or not roasted or decaffeinated; coffee husks
and skins; coffee substitutes containing coffee in any
proportion: (con.)

Coffee, roasted:

0901.21.00

Not decaffeinated............................................................

..................

Free1/

Free

In retail containers weighing 2 kg or less:

Arabica:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................

Robusta:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Decaffeinated...................................................................

kg
..................

Free1/

In retail containers weighing 2 kg or less:

Certified organic.................................................

kg

Free

15

20

25

29

40

49

55

65

35

40

50

55

65

70

75

80
90

00

0901.22.00

0901.90
0901.90.10

Other:

Arabica.........................................................

Robusta........................................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Arabica:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................

Robusta:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Other:

Coffee husks and skins..................................................

kg..............

0901.90.20

00

Coffee substitutes containing coffee.............................

kg..............

Free1/

1.5¢/kg1/

10%

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
9-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0902
0902.10

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tea, whether or not flavored:

Green tea (not fermented) in immediate packings of a
content not exceeding 3 kg:

0902.10.10

Flavored............................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

15

50

15

50

00

15

50

15

50
90
00

0902.10.90

0902.20
0902.20.10

0902.20.90

0902.30.00

0902.40.00

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Certified organic.......................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other green tea (not fermented):

Flavored............................................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

Other.................................................................................
Certified organic.......................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Black tea (fermented) and partly fermented tea, in
immediate packings of a content not exceeding 3 kg........

..................

Free1/

In tea bags:

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

Other black tea (fermented) and other partly fermented
tea............................................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg..............

Free1/

0903.00.00

00

Maté................................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.2% (JP)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.2% (JP)

Free

20%

Free

Free

Free

10%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0904

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
9-5

Pepper of the genus Piper; dried or crushed or ground fruits
of the genus Capsicum (peppers) or of the genus Pimenta
(e.g., allspice):

Pepper of the genus Piper:

0904.11.00

0904.12.00

20

40
00

Neither crushed nor ground...........................................
Black..........................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

White..........................................................................
Crushed or ground..........................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Fruits of the genus Capsicum or of the genus Pimenta:

0904.21

Dried, neither crushed nor ground:

Of the genusCapsicum(including cayenne pepper,
paprika and red pepper):

0904.21.20

00

Paprika................................................................

kg..............

3¢/kg1/

0904.21.40

00

Anaheim and ancho pepper.............................

kg..............

5¢/kg1/

0904.21.60

Other...................................................................

..................

2.5¢/kg1/

10

20

90
00

0904.21.80
0904.22

Bell peppers.................................................

Jalapeno peppers.......................................

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Of the genus Pimenta (including allspice).............

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Crushed or ground:

Of the genus Capsicum (including cayenne
Pepper, paprika and red pepper):

0904.22.20

00

Paprika................................................................

kg..............

3¢/kg1/

0904.22.40

00

Anaheim and ancho pepper.............................

kg..............

5¢/kg1/

0904.22.73

00

Mixtures of mashed or macerated hot red
peppers and salt................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0904.22.76

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5¢/kg1/

0904.22.80

00

Of the genus Pimenta (including allspice).............

kg..............

0905
0905.10.00

Vanilla:

00

Neither crushed nor ground..................................................

kg..............

0905.20.00

00

Crushed or ground.................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free

2¢/kg

11¢/kg

11¢/kg

11¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

11¢/kg

11¢/kg

17.6¢/kg

17.6¢/kg

Free

66¢/kg

66¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
9-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0906

Article Description

Cinnamon and cinnamon-tree flowers:
Neither crushed nor ground:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

0906.11.00

00

Cinnamon (Cinnamomum zeylanicum Blume)............

kg..............

0906.19.00
0906.20.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Crushed or ground.................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

0907
0907.10.00

Cloves (whole fruit, cloves and stems):

00

Neither crushed nor ground..................................................

kg..............

0907.20.00

00

Crushed or ground.................................................................

kg..............

0908

Nutmeg, mace and cardamoms:

Nutmeg:

0908.11.00

00

Neither crushed nor ground...........................................

kg..............

0908.12.00

00

Crushed or ground..........................................................

kg..............

0908.21.00

00

Neither crushed nor ground...........................................

kg..............

Mace:

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

0908.22
0908.22.20

00

Crushed or ground:

Bombay or wild mace, ground................................

kg..............

7.4¢/kg1/

0908.22.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Cardamoms:

0908.31.00

00

Neither crushed nor ground...........................................

kg..............

0908.32.00

00

Crushed or ground..........................................................

kg..............

0909

Seeds of anise, badian, fennel, coriander, cumin or caraway;
juniper berries:

Seeds of coriander:

0909.21.00

00

Neither crushed nor ground...........................................

kg..............

0909.22.00

00

Crushed or ground..........................................................

kg..............

0909.31.00

00

Neither crushed nor ground...........................................

kg..............

Seeds of cumin:

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

0909.32.00

00

0909.61.00

00

Crushed or ground..........................................................
Seeds of anise, badian, caraway or fennel; juniper berries:
Neither crushed nor ground...........................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

0909.62.00

00

Crushed or ground..........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free

Free
11¢/kg

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

49¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
9-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

0910

0910.11.00

0910.12.00

10

15
00

Ginger, saffron, turmeric (curcuma), thyme, bay leaves, curry
and other spices:
Ginger:

Neither crushed nor ground...........................................
Certified organic.......................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Crushed or ground..........................................................

kg
kg..............

1¢/kg1/

0910.20.00

00

Saffron.....................................................................................

kg..............

0910.30.00

00

Turmeric (curcuma)...............................................................

kg..............

0910.91.00

00

Mixtures referred to in note 1(b) to this chapter...........

kg..............

Other spices:

Free1/

Free1/

1.9%1/

0910.99

Other:

Thyme; bay leaves:

0910.99.05

00

Crude or not manufactured...............................

kg..............

Free1/

0910.99.06

00

Thyme...........................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

Other:

0910.99.07

00

Bay leaves...................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

0910.99.10

00

Curry..........................................................................

kg..............

Origanum (Lippia spp.):

0910.99.20

00

0910.99.40

00

Crude or not manufactured...............................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Other:

0910.99.50

00

0910.99.60

00

Dill........................................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

3.4%1/

Free1/

1.9%1/

Free

11¢/kg

Free

Free

25%

Free

25%

25%

11¢/kg

Free

25%

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
Endnotes--page 9 - 8
1/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 10

CEREALS

Notes

1.

(a) The products specified in the headings of this chapter are to be classified in those headings only if grains are present, whether

or not in the ear or on the stalk.

(b) This chapter does not cover grains which have been hulled or otherwise worked. However, rice, husked, milled, polished,

glazed, parboiled, or broken remains classified in heading 1006. Similarly, quinoa from which the pericarp has been wholly
or partly removed in order to separate the saponin, but which has not undergone any other processes, remains classified
in heading 1008.

II
10-1

2. Heading 1005 does not cover sweet corn (chapter 7).

Subheading Note

1.

The term " durum wheat" means wheat of the Triticum durum species and the hybrids derived from the interspecific crossing of
Triticum durum which have the same number (28) of chromosomes as that species.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

In subheading 1005.10, the expression "seed" covers only seed corn or maize which is certified by a responsible officer or agency
of a foreign government in accordance with the rules and regulations of that government to have been grown and approved
especially for use as seed, in containers marked with the foreign government's official certified seed corn tags.

Statistical Note

1.

For a list of approved standards for "Certified organic", see General Statistical Note 6.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
10-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1001

Wheat and meslin:
Durum wheat:

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1001.11.00

00

Seed..................................................................................

kg..............

0.65¢/kg1/

1001.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

0.65¢/kg2/

1.5¢/kg

1.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25

51

53

69

Certified Organic......................................................

kg

Other:

Grade 1...............................................................

Grade 2...............................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

1001 (con.)

Wheat and meslin: (con.)

Other:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
10-3

1001.91.00

00

Seed..................................................................................

kg..............

2.8%2/

1001.99.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

0.35¢/kg1/

10%

1.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

05

07

09

10

17

18

27

30

33

36
45

55

65

97

10

90
00

1002
1002.10.00

1002.90.00

Canadian western extra strong hard red spring
(CWES/HRS) wheat.................................................

kg

Other:

Certified organic:

Red spring wheat........................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Red spring wheat:
Grade 1:

Having a specified protein content
not exceeding 12.9% by weight....

kg

Having a specified protein content
exceeding 12.9% but not
exceeding 13.9% by weight.........

Having a specified protein content
exceeding 13.9% by weight.........

kg

kg

Grade 2:

Having a specified protein content
not exceeding 12.9% by weight....

kg

Having a specified protein content
exceeding 12.9% but not
exceeding 13.9% by weight.........

Having a specified protein content
exceeding 13.9% by weight.........
Other red spring wheat........................
White winter wheat.....................................

"Canadian" western red winter wheat.......

Soft white spring wheat..............................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg
kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

Rye:

Seed........................................................................................
Seeds of a kind used for sowing....................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free2/

0.59¢/kg

0.59¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
10-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1003
1003.10.00

Barley:

00

Seed........................................................................................

kg..............

0.15¢/kg1/

1003.90
1003.90.20

00

Other:

For malting purposes......................................................

kg..............

0.1¢/kg1/

1003.90.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

0.15¢/kg1/

1004
1004.10.00

1004.90.00

1005
1005.10.00

1005.90
1005.90.20

1005.90.40

20

30

00

10

90

10

90

15

25

40

60

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Oats:

Seed........................................................................................

kg..............

Other........................................................................................
Certified organic..............................................................

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Corn (maize):

Seed........................................................................................
Yellow corn.......................................................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Other.................................................................................

kg

Other:

Yellow dent corn..............................................................

..................

0.05¢/kg1/

Certified Organic......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

0.25¢/kg1/

Popcorn.....................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

0.92¢/kg

0.92¢/kg

0.92¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1.1¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

0.98¢/kg

0.98¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

0.98¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Rice:

00

Rice in the husk (paddy or rough)........................................

kg..............

1.8¢/kg2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
10-5

2

2.8¢/kg

1006
1006.10.00

1006.20
1006.20.20

1006.20.40

1006.30

20

40

15

57

59

61
65

75

85
00

1006.30.90

1006.40.00

Husked (brown) rice:

Basmati.............................................................................

..................

0.83¢/kg1/

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

2.1¢/kg1/

Long grain:

Jasmine...............................................................

Other...................................................................
Medium grain............................................................

Short grain.................................................................

Mixtures of any of the above...................................
Semi-milled or wholly milled rice, whether or not polished
or glazed:

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

10

90

25

35
40

60

80

1006.30.10

Parboiled..........................................................................

..................

11.2%1/

Long grain..................................................................

kg

Other, including mixtures.........................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

1.4¢/kg1/

Certified Organic......................................................

kg

Other:

Long grain:

Jasmine........................................................

Basmati........................................................

Other.............................................................
Medium grain.....................................................

Short grain..........................................................

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

3.3¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.3¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Mixtures of any of the above.............................
Broken rice..............................................................................

kg
kg..............

0.44¢/kg1/

1.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
10-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

1007
1007.10.00

Grain sorghum:

00

Seed........................................................................................

kg..............

0.22¢/kg1/

1007.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

0.22¢/kg1/

1008

Buckwheat, millet and canary seeds; other cereals (including
wild rice):

1008.10.00

00

Buckwheat..............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1008.21.00

00

Seed..................................................................................

kg..............

0.32¢/kg1/

Millet:

1008.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

0.32¢/kg1/

1008.30.00

00

Canary seeds..........................................................................

kg..............

0.12¢/kg1/

1008.40.00

00

Fonio (Digitaria spp.).............................................................

kg..............

1.1%2/

1008.50.00

Quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa)............................................

..................

1.1%1/

10

90
00

1008.60.00

Certified organic..............................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Triticale....................................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.1%2/

1008.90.01

Other cereals (including wild rice)........................................

..................

1.1%1/

20

40

Wild rice............................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

0.55¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

10%

10%

10%

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
Endnotes--page 10 - 7

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 11

PRODUCTS OF THE MILLING INDUSTRY; MALT;
STARCHES; INULIN; WHEAT GLUTEN

II
11-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Roasted malt put up as coffee substitutes (heading 0901 or 2101);

(b) Prepared flours, groats, meals or starches of heading 1901;

(c) Corn flakes or other products of heading 1904;

(d) Vegetables, prepared or preserved, of heading 2001, 2004 or 2005;

(e) Pharmaceutical products (chapter 30); or

(f) Starches having the character of perfumery, cosmetic or toilet preparations (chapter 33).

2.

(A) Products from the milling of the cereals listed in the table below fall within this chapter if they have, by weight on the dry

product:

(a) A starch content (determined by the modified Ewers polarimetric method) exceeding that indicated in column (2); and

(b) An ash content (after deduction of any added minerals) not exceeding that indicated in column (3).

Otherwise, they fall in heading 2302. However, germ of cereals, whole, rolled, flaked or ground is always classified in heading
1104.

(B) Products falling within this chapter under the above provisions shall be classified in heading 1101 or 1102 if the percentage
passing through a woven metal wire cloth sieve with the aperture indicated in column (4) or (5) is not less, by weight, than
that shown against the cereal concerned.

Otherwise, they fall in heading 1103 or 1104.

Cereal

Starch content

Ash content

(1)

(2)

(3)

Percent

Percent

Wheat and rye ........
Barley .....................
Oats  .......................
Corn (maize) and

grain sorghum ......
Rice ........................
Buckwheat  .............

45
45
45

45
45
45

2.5
3
5

2
1.6
4

Rate of passage through a sieve with an
aperture of--

315 micrometers
(microns)
(4)
Percent

500 micrometers
(microns)
(5)
Percent

80
80
80

-
80
80

-
-
-

90
-
-

3.

For the purposes of heading 1103 the terms "groats" and "meal" mean products obtained by the fragmentation of cereal grains,
of which --

(a)

(b)

In the case of corn (maize) products, at least 95 percent by weight passes through a woven metal wire cloth sieve with an
aperture of 2 mm;

In the case of other cereal products, at least 95 percent by weight passes through a woven metal wirecloth sieve with an
aperture of 1.25 mm.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
11-2
Additional U.S. Note

1. Notwithstanding the rates of duty set forth in this subchapter, mixtures of the products classifiable in headings 1101, 1102, 1103

or 1104 (except mixtures classifiable in subheading 1102.90.30) are dutiable as follows:

column 1 (general)-
column 1 (special)-
column 2-

12.8%
Free (AU,CL,E,IL,P,SG)
20%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

1101.00.00

Wheat or meslin flour....................................................................

..................

General

0.7¢/kg1/

10

20

30

50

60

00

1102
1102.20.00

Hard spring wheat..................................................................

Durum wheat..........................................................................

White winter wheat.................................................................

Other:

Certified organic..............................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Cereal flours other than of wheat or meslin:

Corn (maize) flour..................................................................

kg..............

0.3¢/kg1/

1102.90
1102.90.20

00

Other:

Buckwheat flour...............................................................

kg..............

1102.90.25

00

Rice flour..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0.09¢/kg1/

1102.90.27

00

Rye flour...........................................................................

kg..............

0.23¢/kg1/

1102.90.30

00

Mixtures.....................................................................

kg..............

12.8%1/

Other:

1102.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

9%1/

II
11-3

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

Special
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2

2.3¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

1.1¢/kg

1.4¢/kg

1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
11-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1103

Cereal groats, meal and pellets:

Groats and meal:

1103.11.00

Of wheat...........................................................................

..................

0.5¢/kg1/

20

40

20

60

00

1103.13.00

1103.19
1103.19.12

Semolina....................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Of corn (maize)................................................................

kg
..................

0.3¢/kg1/

Cornmeal...................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Of other cereals:

Of oats.......................................................................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg1/

1103.19.14

00

Of rice........................................................................

kg..............

0.09¢/kg1/

1103.19.90

00

Of other cereals........................................................

kg..............

9%1/

1103.20.00

10

90

Pellets......................................................................................
Of wheat...........................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Of other cereals...............................................................

kg

2.3¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1.1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1.8¢/kg

1.4¢/kg

20%

10%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1104

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
11-5

Cereal grains otherwise worked (for example, hulled, rolled,
flaked, pearled, sliced or kibbled), except rice of heading 1006;
germ of cereals, whole, rolled, flaked or ground:

Rolled or flaked grains:

1104.12.00

Of oats..............................................................................

..................

1.2¢/kg1/

10

90

00

1104.19
1104.19.10

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Of other cereals:

Of barley....................................................................

kg..............

2¢/kg1/

1104.19.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

0.45¢/kg1/

Other worked grains (for example, hulled, pearled, sliced
or kibbled):

1104.22.00

00

Of oats..............................................................................

kg..............

0.5%1/

1104.23.00

00

Of corn (maize)................................................................

kg..............

0.45¢/kg1/

1104.29
1104.29.10

00

Of other cereals:

Of barley....................................................................

kg..............

1.2%1/

1104.29.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.7%1/

1104.30.00

00

Germ of cereals, whole, rolled, flaked or ground................

kg..............

4.5%1/

1105
1105.10.00

Flour, meal, powder, flakes, granules and pellets of potatoes:
Flour, meal and powder.........................................................

00

kg..............

1.7¢/kg1/

1105.20.00

00

Flakes, granules and pellets.................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg1/

1.8¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

1¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11%

1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17%

20%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5¢/kg

6.1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
11-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1106

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flour, meal and powder of the dried leguminous vegetables of
heading 0713, of sago or of roots or tubers of heading 0714
or of the products of chapter 8:

1106.10.00

00

Of the dried leguminous vegetables of heading 0713.......

kg..............

8.3%1/

1106.20
1106.20.10

00

Of sago or of roots or tubers of heading 0714:

Of Chinese water chestnuts...........................................

kg..............

8.3%1/

1106.20.90
1106.30
1106.30.20

00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Of the products of chapter 8:

Banana and plantain.......................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.8%1/

1106.30.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

1107
1107.10.00

Malt, whether or not roasted:

00

Not roasted.............................................................................

kg..............

0.3¢/kg1/

1107.20.00

00

Roasted...................................................................................

kg..............

0.42¢/kg1/

35%

35%

Free

20%

20%

0.88¢/kg

0.88¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1108

Starches; inulin:
Starches:

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
11-7

1108.11.00

Wheat starch....................................................................

..................

0.54¢/kg1/

10

90

10

90

10

90
00

10

90
00

For food use..............................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Corn (maize) starch.........................................................

kg
..................

0.54¢/kg1/

For food use..............................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Potato starch....................................................................

kg
..................

0.56¢/kg1/

For human consumption..........................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Cassava (manioc) starch...............................................

kg
kg..............

Other starches.................................................................
Cereal starches for non-food use...........................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Inulin........................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

2.6%1/

Wheat gluten, whether or not dried:

00

To be used as animal feed....................................................

kg..............

1.8%1/

1108.12.00

1108.13.00

1108.14.00

1108.19.00

1108.20.00

1109.00
1109.00.10

1109.00.90

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

6.8%1/

10

20

Certified organic..............................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

3.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

50%

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
Endnotes--page 11 - 8
1/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 12

OIL SEEDS AND OLEAGINOUS FRUITS;
MISCELLANEOUS GRAINS, SEEDS AND FRUIT;
INDUSTRIAL OR MEDICINAL PLANTS; STRAW AND FODDER

Notes

1. Heading 1207 applies, inter alia, to palm nuts and kernels, cotton seeds, castor oil seeds, sesame seeds, mustard seeds, safflower
seeds, poppy seeds and shea nuts (karite nuts). It does not apply to products of heading 0801 or 0802 or to olives (chapter 7 or
chapter 20).

2. Heading 1208 applies not only to non-defatted flours and meals but also to flours and meals which have been partially defatted
or defatted and wholly or partially refatted with their original oils. It does not, however, apply to residues of headings 2304 to
2306.

3.

For the purposes of heading 1209, beet seeds, grass and other herbage seeds, seeds of ornamental flowers, vegetable seeds,
seeds of forest trees, seeds of fruit trees, seeds of vetches (other than those of the species Vicia faba ) or of lupines are to be
regarded as "seeds of a kind used for sowing".

II
12-1

Heading 1209 does not, however, apply to the following even if for sowing:

(a) Leguminous vegetables or sweet corn (chapter 7);

(b) Spices or other products of chapter 9;

(c) Cereals (chapter 10); or

(d) Products of headings 1201 to 1207 or of heading 1211.

4. Heading 1211 applies, inter alia , to the following plants or parts thereof: basil, borage, ginseng, hyssop, licorice, all species of

mint, rosemary, rue, sage and wormwood.

Heading 1211 does not, however, apply to:

(a) Medicaments of chapter 30;

(b) Perfumery, cosmetic or toilet preparations of chapter 33; or

(c)

Insecticides, fungicides, herbicides, disinfectants or similar products of heading 3808.

5.

For the purposes of heading 1212, the term "seaweeds and other algae" does not include:

(a) Dead single-cell microorganisms of heading 2102;

(b) Cultures of microorganisms of heading 3002; or

(c) Fertilizers of heading 3101 or 3105.

Subheading Note

1.

For the purposes of subheading 1205.10, the expression "low erucic acid rape or colza seeds" means rape or colza seeds
yielding a fixed oil which has an erucic acid content of less than 2 percent by weight and yielding a solid component which
contains less than 30 micromoles of glucosinolates per gram.

Additional U.S. Notes

1. No allowance in weight shall be made for dirt or other impurities in seed of any kind provided for in this chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
12-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

2.

The aggregate quantity of peanuts entered under subheadings 1202.30.40, 1202.41.40, 1202.42.15, 1202.42.60, and 2008.11.46
during the 12-month period from April 1 in any year through the following March 31, inclusive, shall not exceed the quantities
specified herein (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under this quantitative limitation and no such
articles shall be classifiable therein).

Quantity
(metric tons)
Entered in the 12-month period

from April 1 in any year
through the following March
31, inclusive

43,901
9,005

Argentina
Other countries or areas

For the purposes of this note, imports of peanuts in the shell shall be charged against the quantities in this note on the basis of
75 kilograms for each 100 kilograms of peanuts in the shell.

Imports of peanuts under this note are subject to such regulations as may be issued by the United States Trade Representative
or other designated agency.

Statistical Note

1.

For a list of approved standards for "Certified organic", see General Statistical Note 6.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

II
12-3

2

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

1201
1201.10.00

1201.90.00

05

10

90

1202

1202.30
1202.30.05

00

Soybeans, whether or not broken:

00

Seed........................................................................................

kg..............

Other........................................................................................
Seeds of a kind used as oil stock..................................

..................
kg

Other:

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Peanuts (ground-nuts), not roasted or otherwise cooked,
whether or not shelled or broken:

Seed:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............

6.6¢/kg2/

1202.30.40

00

Described in additional U.S. note 2 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............

6.6¢/kg1/

1202.30.80

00

Other3/...............................................................................

kg..............

131.8%2/

1202.41
1202.41.05

1202.41.40

1202.41.80

20

40

20

40

20

40

Other:

In shell:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

..................

9.35¢/kg2/

For use as oil stock............................................

Other...................................................................
Described in additional U.S. note 2 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg

kg

..................

9.35¢/kg2/

For use as oil stock............................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other3/........................................................................

kg
..................

163.8%2/

For use as oil stock............................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg

155%

Free (A*, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, P+, PA, PE,
S, SG)

See 9908.12.01 (IL)

9.35¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9.35¢/kg

Free (A*, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

192.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, P+, PA, PE,
S, SG)

See 9908.12.01 (IL)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
12-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1202 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Peanuts (ground-nuts), not roasted or otherwise cooked,
whether or not shelled or broken: (con.)

Other:

1202.42

Shelled, whether or not broken:

Dry-blanched:

1202.42.10

1202.42.15

1202.42.20

1202.42.50

1202.42.60

1202.42.90

20

40

20

40

20

40

20

40

20

40

20

40

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

..................

6.6¢/kg1/

For use as oil stock.....................................

Other.............................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 2 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg

kg

..................

6.6¢/kg1/

For use as oil stock.....................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other3/.................................................................

kg
..................

131.8%2/

For use as oil stock.....................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

..................

6.6¢/kg2/

For use as oil stock.....................................

Other.............................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 2 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg

kg

..................

6.6¢/kg2/

For use as oil stock.....................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other3/.................................................................

kg
..................

131.8%2/

For use as oil stock.....................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg

Free (A*, BH, CA,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

155%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

See 9908.12.01 (IL)

15.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg

Free (A*, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

155%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

See 9908.12.01 (IL)

1203.00.00

00

Copra..............................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
12-5

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

Special
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2

2.55¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

1204.00.00

Flaxseed (linseed), whether or not broken.................................

..................

General

0.39¢/kg1/

1205
1205.10.00

1205.90.00

1206.00.00

10

25

35

55

75

10

20

90

10

20

90

20

31

65

70

75

80
90

For sowing..............................................................................

kg

For use as oil stock:

Certified organic..............................................................

Other.................................................................................

Other:

Certified organic..............................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Rape or colza seeds, whether or not broken:

Low erucic acid rape or colza seeds....................................

..................

0.58¢/kg1/

For sowing........................................................................

For use as oil stock.........................................................

kg

kg

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
..................

0.58¢/kg1/

For sowing........................................................................

For use as oil stock.........................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Sunflower seeds, whether or not broken....................................
For use as oil stock................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

For sowing..............................................................................

kg

Other:

For human use:
In-shell:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
12-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1207
1207.10.00

Other oil seeds and oleaginous fruits, whether or not broken:
Palm nuts and kernels...........................................................

00

kg..............

Free2/

1207.21.00

00

Seed..................................................................................

kg..............

0.47¢/kg2/

Cotton seeds:

1207.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

0.47¢/kg2/

1207.30.00

00

Castor oil seeds......................................................................

kg..............

1207.40.00

1207.50.00

10

90
00

Sesame seeds........................................................................
Certified organic..............................................................

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................
Mustard seeds........................................................................

kg
kg..............

1207.60.00

00

Safflower (Carthamus tinctorius) seeds..............................

kg..............

Free2/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

1207.70.00

Melon seeds...........................................................................

..................

0.83¢/kg1/

20

40

75

Cantaloupe.......................................................................

Watermelon......................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

1207.91.00

00

Poppy seeds....................................................................

kg..............

0.06¢/kg1/

1207.99.03

10

40

60
91

Other.................................................................................
Niger seed.................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Hemp seed:

For sowing..........................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

1208

Flours and meals of oil seeds or oleaginous fruits, other than
those of mustard:

1208.10.00

Of soybeans............................................................................

..................

1.9%1/

10

90
00

1208.90.00

Certified organic..............................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.4%1/

Free

0.73¢/kg

0.73¢/kg

Free

2.6¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

Free

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0.7¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
12-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1209
1209.10.00

Seeds, fruits and spores of a kind used for sowing:

00

Sugar beet seeds...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1209.21.00

Alfalfa (lucerne) seeds....................................................

..................

1.5¢/kg1/

Seeds of forage plants:

Free

17.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13¢/kg

18¢/kg

Certified.....................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Clover (Trifolium spp.) seeds:

White and ladino.......................................................

kg..............

1.6¢/kg2/

Other..........................................................................
Alsike...................................................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Crimson...............................................................

kg

Red:

Double cut....................................................

Other.............................................................
Sweet..................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other...................................................................
Fescue seeds...................................................................
Tall..............................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free2/

4.4¢/kg

Creeping red:

Certified...............................................................

Other...................................................................
Meadow.....................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other..........................................................................
Kentucky blue grass (Poa pratensis L.) seeds............

kg
kg..............

1.2¢/kg2/

Rye grass (Lolium multiflorium Lam., Lolium perenne
L.) seeds...........................................................................

..................

1.4¢/kg1/

Annual........................................................................

Perennial....................................................................

kg

kg

11¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1209.22
1209.22.20

1209.22.40

1209.23.00

1209.24.00

1209.25.00

20

40

00

20

30

41

49
60

95

20

31

39
60

90
00

20

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
12-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1209 (con.)

Seeds, fruits and spores of a kind used for sowing: (con.)

1209.29
1209.29.10

1209.29.91

1209.30.00

00

20

25

26
30

36

37

38
40

60

71

74
76

79

96

10

90

Seeds of forage plants: (con.)

Other:

Beet............................................................................

kg..............

Other..........................................................................
Bent grass (genus Agrostis).............................

..................
kg

Free1/

Free1/

9¢/kg

8%

Bermuda grass for sowing:

Husked.........................................................

Other.............................................................
Birdsfoot trefoil...................................................

Bromegrass:

Meadow........................................................

Smooth.........................................................

Other.............................................................
Orchard grass....................................................

Sudan grass.......................................................

Wheatgrass:

Crested.........................................................

Other.............................................................
Wild rye...............................................................

Other grass.........................................................

Other...................................................................
Seeds of herbaceous plants cultivated principally for their
flowers.....................................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

..................

1¢/kg1/

13.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Petunia..............................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
12-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1209 (con.)

Seeds, fruits and spores of a kind used for sowing: (con.)

1209.91
1209.91.10

00

Other:

Vegetable seeds:

Cauliflower.................................................................

kg..............

5.9¢/kg1/

1209.91.20

00

Celery.........................................................................

kg..............

1209.91.40

00

Onion..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

1209.91.50

00

Parsley.......................................................................

kg..............

0.68¢/kg1/

55¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

33¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

33¢/kg

13.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Pepper.......................................................................
Sweet pepper.....................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

1.5¢/kg1/

Broccoli...............................................................

kg

Cabbage:

Green cabbage...........................................

Other.............................................................
Carrot..................................................................

Radish.................................................................

Spinach...............................................................

Cucumber...........................................................

Kale.....................................................................

Kohlrabi...............................................................

Lettuce................................................................

Parsnip................................................................

Pumpkin..............................................................

Squash................................................................

Tomato................................................................

Turnip..................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

1209.91.60

1209.91.80

1209.99
1209.99.20

1209.99.41

10

90

05

08

09
10

20

30

40

45

47

50

54

55

60

70

74

90

00

70

90

Other:

Tree and shrub..........................................................

kg..............

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

0.83¢/kg1/

Tobacco..............................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

17.6¢/kg

13.2¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

II
12-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1210

1210.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Hop cones, fresh or dried, whether or not ground, powdered
or in the form of pellets; lupulin:

Hop cones, neither ground nor powdered nor in the form
of pellets..................................................................................

kg..............

13.2¢/kg1/

1210.20.00

Hop cones, ground, powdered or in the form of pellets;
lupulin......................................................................................

..................

13.2¢/kg2/

20

40

Hop cone pellets..............................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

53¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

53¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

II
12-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1211

1211.20
1211.20.10

1211.20.15

20

90
00

Plants and parts of plants (including seeds and fruits), of a
kind used primarily in perfumery, in pharmacy or for
insecticidal, fungicidal or similar purposes, fresh, chilled, frozen
or dried, whether or not cut, crushed or powdered:

Ginseng roots:

Fresh or dried...................................................................
Cultivated...................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Wild............................................................................
Chilled or frozen...............................................................

kg
kg..............

6%1/

1211.30.00

00

Coca leaf.................................................................................

kg..............

1211.40.00

00

Poppy straw............................................................................

kg..............

1211.50.00

00

Ephedra...................................................................................

kg..............

1211.60.00

00

Bark of African cherry (Prunus Africana).............................

kg..............

1211.90

Other:

Mint leaves:

1211.90.20

00

Crude or not manufactured.....................................

kg..............

1211.90.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4.8%1/

20

40
00

1211.90.60

Herbal teas and herbal infusions (single
species, unmixed)..............................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Tonka beans....................................................................

kg
kg..............

6.6¢/kg2/

Free

35%

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

1211.90.89

Fresh or dried............................................................

..................

Free1/

Free

Other:

Substances having anesthetic, prophylactic
or therapeutic properties and principally used
as medicaments or as ingredients in
medicaments:

Psyllium seed husks...................................

Other.............................................................
Basil.....................................................................

Sage....................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

Other:

Herbal teas and herbal infusions (single
species, unmixed).......................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Chilled or frozen........................................................

kg
kg..............

6%1/

20

31
40

50

80

90
00

1211.90.93

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

II
12-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1212

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Locust beans, seaweeds and other algae, sugar beet and
sugar cane, fresh, chilled, frozen or dried, whether or not
ground; fruit stones and kernels and other vegetable products
(including unroasted chicory roots of the variety Cichorium
intybus sativum) of a kind used primarily for human
consumption, not elsewhere specified or included:

Seaweeds and other algae:

1212.21.00

00

Fit for human consumption.............................................

kg..............

1212.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

1212.91.00

00

Sugar beet........................................................................

t .................

39.7¢/t

1212.92.00

00

Locust beans (carob)......................................................

kg..............

1212.93.00

00

Sugar cane.......................................................................

t .................

Free1/

$1.24/t2/

1212.94.00

00

Chicory roots....................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

1212.99

Other:

1212.99.20

00

1212.99.30

00

1212.99.92

00

1213.00.00

00

Apricot, peach (including nectarine) or plum stones
and kernels:

Nectarine............................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1.5¢/kg1/

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Cereal straw and husks, unprepared, whether or not chopped,
ground, pressed or in the form of pellets....................................

t .................

Free1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

88.2¢/t

4.4¢/kg

$2.76/t

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

6.6¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

$1.65/t

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

II
12-13

2

Rutabagas (swedes), mangolds, fodder roots, hay, alfalfa
(lucerne), clover, sainfoin, forage kale, lupines, vetches and
similar forage products, whether or not in the form of pellets:
Alfalfa (lucerne) meal and pellets.........................................

..................

1.4%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Dehydrated:

Cubes.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Sun-cured:

Cubes..................................................................

t

t

t

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................

t
t
..................

Free1/

$5.51/t

Hay:

Alfalfa, whether or not double compressed...........

Timothy......................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Clover................................................................................

Other.................................................................................

t

t

t
t

t

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1214

1214.10.00

1214.90.00

10

15

30

50
60

10

18

25
30

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
Endnotes--page 12 - 14
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See 9904.12.01-9904.12.19.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 13

LAC; GUMS; RESINS AND OTHER VEGETABLE
SAPS AND EXTRACTS

Note

1. Heading 1302 applies, inter alia, to licorice extract and extract of pyrethrum, extract of hops, extract of aloes and opium.

The heading does not apply to:

(a) Licorice extract containing more than 10 percent by weight of sucrose or put up as confectionery (heading 1704);

II
13-1

(b) Malt extract (heading 1901);

(c) Extracts of coffee, tea or maté (heading 2101);

(d) Vegetable saps or extracts constituting alcoholic beverages (chapter 22);

(e) Camphor, glycyrrhizin or other products of heading 2914 or 2938;

(f) Concentrates of poppy straw containing not less than 50 percent by weight of alkaloids (heading 2939);

(g) Medicaments of heading 3003 or 3004 or blood-grouping reagents (heading 3822);

(h) Tanning or dyeing extracts (heading 3201 or 3203);

(ij) Essential oils, concretes, absolutes, resinoids, extracted oleoresins, aqueous distillates or aqueous solutions of essential
oils or preparations based on odoriferous substances of a kind used for the manufacture of beverages (chapter 33); or

(k) Natural rubber, balata, gutta-percha, guayule, chicle or similar natural gums (heading 4001).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
13-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1301

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Lac; natural gums, resins, gum-resins and oleoresins (for
example, balsams):

1301.20.00

00

Gum Arabic.............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1.1¢/kg

1301.90
1301.90.40

00

1301.90.91

05

10

20

30

40

90

Other:

Turpentine gum (oleoresinous exudate from living
trees).................................................................................

kg..............

1.3%1/

Other.................................................................................
Balsams.....................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Bleached shellac.......................................................

Seed lac.....................................................................

Tragacanth................................................................

Karaya........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1302

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II
13-3

Vegetable saps and extracts; pectic substances, pectinates
and pectates; agar-agar and other mucilages and thickeners,
whether or not modified, derived from vegetable products:

Vegetable saps and extracts:

1302.11.00

00

Opium...............................................................................

kg amc......

Free1/

1302.12.00

00

Of licorice.........................................................................

kg..............

3.8%1/

1302.13.00

00

Of hops.............................................................................

kg..............

89¢/kg1/

1302.14.01

00

Of ephedra.......................................................................

kg..............

1%1/

1302.19

Other:

Ginseng; substances having anesthetic,
prophylactic or therapeutic properties:

1302.19.21

00

Poppy straw extract...........................................

kg..............

1302.19.41

Other...................................................................

..................

20

40

20

40
00

1302.19.91

1302.20.00

Ginseng........................................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Cashew nut shell liquid.....................................

kg
..................
kg

Other...................................................................
Pectic substances, pectinates and pectates......................

kg
kg..............

Mucilages and thickeners, whether or not modified, derived
from vegetable products:

1302.31.00

00

Agar-agar.........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1%1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

1302.32.00

1302.39.00

20

40

10

90

Mucilages and thickeners, whether or not modified,
derived from locust beans, locust bean seeds or guar
seeds................................................................................
Guar...........................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Locust bean...............................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

3.2%1/

Carrageenan.............................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

$40/kg of

anhydrous
morphine
content

20%

$5.29/kg

10%

Free

10%

Free

25%

25%

Free

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
Endnotes--page 13 - 4
1/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 14

VEGETABLE PLAITING MATERIALS; VEGETABLE PRODUCTS
NOT ELSEWHERE SPECIFIED OR INCLUDED

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover the following products which are to be classified in section XI: vegetable materials or fibers of
vegetable materials of a kind used primarily in the manufacture of textiles, however prepared, or other vegetable materials which
have undergone treatment so as to render them suitable for use only as textile materials.

2. Heading 1401 applies, inter alia, to bamboos (whether or not split, sawn lengthwise, cut to length, rounded at the ends, bleached,
rendered nonflammable, polished or dyed), split osier, reeds and the like, to rattan cores and to drawn or split rattans. The
heading does not apply to chipwood (heading 4404).

3. Heading 1404 does not apply to wood wool (heading 4405) and prepared knots or tufts for broom or brush making (heading

9603).

II
14-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
14-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1401

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Vegetable materials of a kind used primarily for plaiting (for
example, bamboos, rattans, reeds, rushes, osier, raffia,
cleaned, bleached or dyed cereal straw, and lime bark):

1401.10.00

00

Bamboos.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

1401.20
1401.20.20

1401.20.40

10

90
00

1401.90
1401.90.20

00

Rattans:

In the rough or cut transversely into sections...............
In the rough, 4 meters or more in length................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

2%

Other:

Willow (osier)...................................................................

kg..............

4.4%1/

1401.90.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

1404
1404.20.00

1404.90
1404.90.10

00

00

Vegetable products not elsewhere specified or included:

Cotton linters...........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Vegetable hair..................................................................

kg..............

0.5¢/kg1/

Vegetable materials of a kind used primarily in brooms
or in brushes (for example, broomcorn piassava, couch
grass and istle), whether or not in hanks or bundles:

1404.90.20

00

Broomcorn (Sorghum vulgare var. technicum)......

t .................

$4.95/t2/

1404.90.30

00

Istle.............................................................................

kg..............

1404.90.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.3%1/

1404.90.90

Other.................................................................................
Raw vegetable materials of a kind used primarily
in dyeing or tanning:

..................

Free1/

Free

Free

20%

35%

20%

Free

2.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$22/t

Free

20%

Free

20

40
90

Canaigre, chestnut, curupay, divi-divi,
eucalyptus, gall nuts, hemlock, larch,
mangrove, myrobalan, oak, quebracho, sumac,
tara, urunday, valonia, wattle and other
materials of a kind used primarily in tanning...

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

3/

3/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

II
Endnotes--page 14 - 3

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ Under this provision, imports of cigarette wrappers or tubes composed primarily of non-pulped vegetable materials may be subject to
Federal Excise Tax (26 U.S.C. 5701).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION III

ANIMAL,VEGETABLE OR MICROBIAL FATS AND OILS AND THEIR
CLEAVAGE PRODUCTS; PREPARED EDIBLE FATS; ANIMAL OR VEGETABLE WAXES

III-1

III-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 15

ANIMAL,VEGETABLE OR MICROBIAL FATS AND OILS AND THEIR
CLEAVAGE PRODUCTS; PREPARED EDIBLE FATS; ANIMAL OR VEGETABLE WAXES

III
15-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Pig fat or poultry fat, of heading 0209;

(b) Cocoa butter, fat or oil (heading 1804);

(c) Edible preparations containing by weight more than 15 percent of the products of heading 0405 (generally chapter 21);

(d) Greaves (heading 2301) or residues of headings 2304 to 2306;

(e) Fatty acids, prepared waxes, medicaments, paints, varnishes, soap, perfumery, cosmetic or toilet preparations, sulfonated

oils or other goods of section VI; or

(f) Factice derived from oils (heading 4002).

2. Heading 1509 does not apply to oils obtained from olives by solvent extraction (heading 1510).

3. Heading 1518 does not cover fats or oils or their fractions, merely denatured, which are to be classified in the heading appropriate

to the corresponding undenatured fats and oils and their fractions.

4. Soap-stocks, oil foots and dregs, stearin pitch, glycerol pitch and wool grease residues fall in heading 1522.

Subheading Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of subheading 1509.30, virgin olive oil has a free acidity expressed as oleic acid not exceeding 2.0 g/100 g
and can be distinguished from the other virgin olive oil categories according to the characteristics indicated in the Codex
Alimentarius Standard 33-1981.

For the purposes of subheadings 1514.11 and 1514.19, the expression “low erucic acid rape or colza oil” means the fixed oil
which has an erucic acid content of less than 2 percent by weight.

Additional U.S. Note

1. Products of American fisheries are provided for in chapter 98.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

The unit of quantity “kg cmsc” (kilograms cows’ milk solids content) includes all cows milk components other than water.

For a list of approved standards for "Certified organic", see General Statistical Note 6.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

III
15-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1501

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Pig fat (including lard) and poultry fat, other than that of heading
0209 or 1503:

1501.10.00

00

Lard..........................................................................................

kg..............

3¢/kg1/

1501.20.00

Other pig fat............................................................................

..................

3¢/kg1/

40

60

80
00

1501.90.00

Choice white grease........................................................

Yellow grease..................................................................

kg

kg

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
kg..............

3¢/kg1/

1502

Fats of bovine animals, sheep or goats, other than those of
heading 1503:

1502.10.00

Tallow......................................................................................

..................

0.43¢/kg1/

20

40
00

1502.90.00

Edible................................................................................

kg

Inedible.............................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
kg..............

0.43¢/kg1/

1503.00.00

00

Lard stearin, lard oil, oleostearin, oleo-oil and tallow oil, not
emulsified or mixed or otherwise prepared................................

kg..............

2¢/kg1/

6.6¢/kg

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7.7¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7.7¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8.8¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

III
15-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1504

1504.10
1504.10.20

00

Fats and oils and their fractions, of fish or marine mammals,
whether or not refined, but not chemically modified:

Fish-liver oils and their fractions:

Cod....................................................................................

kg..............

1504.10.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

1504.20

Fats and oils and their fractions, of fish, other than liver
oils:

1504.20.20

00

Cod....................................................................................

kg..............

1504.20.40

00

Herring..............................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

2.5%2/

Free2/

1¢/kg2/

1504.20.60

Other.................................................................................

..................

1.5¢/kg + 5%2/

20

40
00

1504.30.00

Menhaden..................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Fats and oils and their fractions, of marine mammals.......

kg
kg..............

1.7¢/kg + 5%1/

1505.00

Wool grease and fatty substances derived therefrom (including
lanolin):

1505.00.10

00

Wool grease, crude................................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg2/

1505.00.90

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

2.4%2/

1506.00.00

00

Other animal fats and oils and their fractions, whether or not
refined, but not chemically modified...........................................

kg..............

2.3%2/

Free

6.6¢/kg + 10%

Free

8¢/kg

6.6¢/kg + 20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg + 20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9.5¢/kg

27%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

III
15-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1507

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Soybean oil and its fractions, whether or not refined, but not
chemically modified:

1507.10.00

00

Crude oil, whether or not degummed...................................

kg..............

19.1%1/

1507.90
1507.90.20

00

Other:

Pharmaceutical Grade meeting FDA requirements for
use in intravenous fat emulsions, valued over $5/kg...

kg..............

Free1/

1507.90.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

19.1%1/

20

40

Once-refined (subjected to alkali or caustic wash,
but not bleached or deodorized).............................

Other (fully refined, washed, bleached or
deodorized)...............................................................

kg

kg

1508

Peanut (ground-nut) oil and its fractions, whether or not refined,
but not chemically modified:

1508.10.00

00

Crude oil..................................................................................

kg..............

7.5¢/kg1/

1508.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

7.5¢/kg1/

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8.8¢/kg

8.8¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

III
15-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1509

1509.20
1509.20.20

30

90

30

90

30

90

30

90

30

90

30

90

00

1509.20.90

1509.30
1509.30.20

1509.30.90

1509.40
1509.40.20

1509.40.90

1509.90
1509.90.20

Olive oil and its fractions, whether or not refined, but not
chemically modified:

Extra virgin olive oil:

Weighing with the immediate container under 18 kg...

..................

5¢/kg on

contents and
container1/

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

3.4¢/kg1/

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Virgin olive oil:

Weighing with the immediate container under 18 kg...

..................

5¢/kg on

contents and
container1/

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

3.4¢/kg1/

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other virgin olive oils:

Weighing with the immediate container under 18 kg...

..................

5¢/kg on

contents and
container1/

Certified organic.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

3.4¢/kg1/

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Weighing with the immediate container under 18 kg...

kg..............

5¢/kg on

contents and
container1/

1509.90.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.4¢/kg1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17.6¢/kg on

contents and
container

14.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17.6¢/kg on

contents and
container

14.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17.6¢/kg on

contents and
container

14.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17.6¢/kg on

contents and
container

14.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

III
15-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1510

1510.10
1510.10.10

00

1510.90
1510.90.10

00

1510.90.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other oils and their fractions, obtained solely from olives,
whether or not refined, but not chemically modified, including
blends of these oils and fractions with oils or fractions of
heading 1509:

Crude olive pomace oil:

Weighing with the immediate container under 18 kg...

kg..............

5¢/kg on

contents and
container1/

1510.10.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.4¢/kg1/

Other:

Rendered unfit for use as food.......................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free

Other:

Weighing with the immediate container under 18
kg................................................................................

kg..............

5¢/kg on

contents and
container1/

1510.90.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.4¢/kg1/

1511

Palm oil and its fractions, whether or not refined, but not
chemically modified:

1511.10.00

00

Crude oil..................................................................................

kg..............

1511.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free

Free

17.6¢/kg on

contents and
container

14.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17.6¢/kg on

contents and
container

14.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

III
15-7

Sunflower-seed, safflower or cottonseed oil, and fractions
thereof, whether or not refined, but not chemically modified:
Sunflower-seed or safflower oil and fractions thereof:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1512

1512.11.00

Crude oil...........................................................................

..................

1.7¢/kg + 3.4%1/

1512.19.00

25

35
40

25

35
40

Sunflower-seed oil:

Certified organic.................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Safflower oil...............................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg
..................

1.7¢/kg + 3.4%1/

Sunflower-seed oil:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................
Safflower oil...............................................................

kg

kg
kg

Cottonseed oil and its fractions:

1512.21.00

00

Crude oil, whether or not gossypol has been
removed............................................................................

kg..............

5.6¢/kg1/

1512.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

5.6¢/kg1/

20

40

Once-refined (subjected to alkalai or caustic wash,
but not bleached or deodorized).............................

Other (fully refined, washed, bleached or
deodorized)...............................................................

kg

kg

1513

Coconut (copra), palm kernel or babassu oil, and fractions
thereof, whether or not refined, but not chemically modified:

Coconut (copra) oil and its fractions:

1513.11.00

00

Crude oil...........................................................................

kg..............

1513.19.00

30

90

Other.................................................................................
Certified organic.......................................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................

kg

Palm kernel or babassu oil and fractions thereof:

1513.21.00

00

Crude oil...........................................................................

kg..............

1513.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

9.9¢/kg + 20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9.9¢/kg + 20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

III
15-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1514

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Rapeseed, colza or mustard oil, and fractions thereof, whether
or not refined, but not chemically modified:

Low erucic acid rape or colza oil and its fractions:

1514.11.00

00

Crude oil...........................................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

1514.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

1514.91
1514.91.10

00

Other:

Crude oil:

Imported to be used in the manufacture of rubber
substitutes or lubricating oil.....................................

kg..............

Free

1514.91.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

1514.99
1514.99.10

1514.99.50

1514.99.90

10

20

00

10

20

10

20

Rape or colza oil and its fractions....................

Mustard seed oil and its fractions....................

kg

kg

Other:

Imported to be used in the manufacture of rubber
substitutes or lubricating oil.....................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Denatured...........................................................

..................

1.3¢/kg1/

Rape or colza oil and its fractions.............

kg

Mustard seed oil and its fractions.............
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

6.4%1/

Rape or colza oil and its fractions.............

Mustard seed oil and its fractions.............

kg

kg

22.5%

22.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1.8¢/kg

22.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1.8¢/kg

9.92¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1515

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

III
15-9

Other fixed vegetable or microbial fats and oils (including jojoba
oil) and their fractions, whether or not refined, but not
chemically modified:

Linseed oil and its fractions:

1515.11.00

00

Crude oil...........................................................................

kg..............

6.3¢/kg1/

1515.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.3¢/kg1/

1515.21.00

00

Crude oil...........................................................................

kg..............

3.4%1/

Corn (maize) oil and its fractions:

1515.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.4%1/

20

40

1515.30.00

00

Once-refined (subjected to alkalai or caustic wash,
but not bleached or deodorized).............................

kg

Other (fully refined, washed, bleached or
deodorized)...............................................................
Castor oil and its fractions.....................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

1515.50.00

00

Sesame oil and its fractions..................................................

kg..............

0.68¢/kg1/

1515.60.05

00

Microbial fats and oils and their fractions............................

kg..............

3.2%1/

1515.90
1515.90.21

00

Other:

Nut oils..............................................................................

kg..............

1515.90.60

00

Jojoba oil and its fractions..............................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.3%1/

1515.90.81

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.2%1/

10

90

Hemp oil.....................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

9.9¢/kg

9.9¢/kg

20%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

6.6¢/kg

20%

Free

20%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

III
15-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1516

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Animal, vegetable or microbial fats and oils and their fractions,
partly or wholly hydrogenated, inter-esterified, re-esterified or
elaidinized, whether or not refined, but not further prepared:

1516.10.00

00

Animal fats and oils and their fractions................................

kg..............

7¢/kg1/

1516.20
1516.20.10

00

Vegetable fats and oils and their fractions:

Rapeseed oil....................................................................

kg..............

7.7%1/

1516.20.91

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

1516.30.00

00

Microbial fats and oils and their fractions............................

kg..............

8.8¢/kg1/

1517

Margarine; edible mixtures or preparations of animal, vegetable
or microbial fats or oils or of fractions of different fats or oils of
this chapter, other than edible fats or oils or their fractions of
heading 1516:

1517.10.00

00

Margarine, excluding liquid margarine................................

kg..............

12.3¢/kg1/

11¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

12.5%

11¢/kg

11¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

31¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1517 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

III
15-11

2

Margarine; edible mixtures or preparations of animal, vegetable
or microbial fats or oils or of fractions of different fats or oils of
this chapter, other than edible fats or oils or their fractions of
heading 1516: (con.)

1517.90

Other:

1517.90.10

Artificial mixtures of two or more of the products
provided for in headings 1501 to 1515, inclusive:

Containing 5 percent or more by weight of soybean
oil or any fraction thereof.........................................

..................

18%1/

1517.90.20

20

40

60
80

20

40

60
80

Salad and cooking oils......................................

kg

Baking or frying fats:

Wholly of vegetable oils..............................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg
..................

8%1/

Salad and cooking oils......................................

kg

Baking or frying fats:

Wholly of vegetable oils..............................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg

kg
kg

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

III
15-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1517 (con.)

1517.90
(con.)

1517.90.45

00

Margarine; edible mixtures or preparations of animal, vegetable
or microbial fats or oils or of fractions of different fats or oils of
this chapter, other than edible fats or oils or their fractions of
heading 1516: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note
1 to chapter 4:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

1517.90.50

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to chapter
4 and entered pursuant to its provisions.........

1517.90.60

00

Other3/.................................................................

kg..............

11¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

11¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

34.2¢/kg1/

1517.90.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.8¢/kg1/

15

25

85

90

1518.00

Partially hydrogenated salad and cooking
oil.........................................................................

Soybean oil, wholly hydrogenated...................

Cottonseed oil, wholly hydrogenated...............

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Animal, vegetable or microbial fats and oils and their fractions,
boiled, oxidized, dehydrated, sulfurized, blown, polymerized
by heat in vacuum or in inert gas or otherwise chemically
modified, excluding those of heading 1516; inedible mixtures
or preparations of animal, vegetable or microbial fats or oils or
of fractions of different fats or oils of this chapter, not elsewhere
specified or included:

1518.00.20

00

Of linseed or flaxseed oil.......................................................

kg..............

6.3¢/kg1/

1518.00.40

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

8%1/

1520.00.00

00

Glycerol, crude; glycerol waters and glycerol lyes....................

kg..............

Free1/

11¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11¢/kg

40.2¢/kg

11¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.68 (CO)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9.9¢/kg

25%

2.2¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

III
15-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1521

1521.10.00

20

40

60

00

1521.90
1521.90.20

Vegetable waxes (other than triglycerides), beeswax, other
insect waxes and spermaceti, whether or not refined or colored:
Vegetable waxes....................................................................
Candelilla..........................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Carnauba..........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Bleached beeswax..........................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

1521.90.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1522.00.00

00

Degras; residues resulting from the treatment of fatty
substances or animal or vegetable waxes.................................

kg..............

3.8%1/

Free

30%

Free

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

III
Endnotes--page 15 - 14
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9904.04.50-9904.05.01.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION IV

PREPARED FOODSTUFFS; BEVERAGES, SPIRITS AND VINEGAR;TOBACCO AND MANUFACTURED TOBACCO SUBSTITUTES;
PRODUCTS, WHETHER OR NOT CONTAINING NICOTINE, INTENDED FOR INHALATION WITHOUT COMBUSTION; OTHER
NICOTINE CONTAINING PRODUCTS INTENDED FOR THE INTAKE OF NICOTINE INTO THE
HUMAN BODY

IV-1

Note

1.

In this section the term "pellets" means products which have been agglomerated either directly by compression or by the addition
of a binder in a proportion not exceeding 3 percent by weight.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

In this section the term "canned" means preserved in airtight containers by heat processing to destroy or inactivate micro-organisms
and enzymes that otherwise could cause spoilage.

2.

For the purposes of this section, unless the context otherwise requires--

(a)

the term "percent by dry weight" means the sugar content as a percentage of the total solids in the product;

(b) The term "capable of being further processed or mixed with similar or other ingredients" means that the imported product is
in such condition or container as to be subject to any additional preparation, treatment or manufacture or to be blended or
combined with any additional ingredient, including water or any other liquid, other than processing or mixing with other
ingredients performed by the ultimate consumer prior to consumption of the product;

(c)

the term "prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported" means that
the product is imported in packaging of such sizes and labeling as to be readily identifiable as being intended for retail sale
to the ultimate consumer without any alteration in the form of the product or its packaging; and

(d)

the term "ultimate consumer" does not include institutions such as hospitals, prisons and military establishments or food
service establishments such as restaurants, hotels, bars or bakeries.

IV-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 16

PREPARATIONS OF MEAT, OF FISH, OF CRUSTACEANS, MOLLUSCS OR OTHER AQUATIC INVERTEBRATES, OR OF INSECTS
IV
16-1

Notes

1.

2.

This chapter does not cover meat, meal offal, fish, crustaceans, molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, as well as insects,
prepared or preserved by the processes specified in chapter 2 or 3, note 6 to chapter 4 or in heading 0504.

Food preparations fall in this chapter provided that they contain more than 20 percent by weight of sausage, meat, meat offal,
blood, insects, fish or crustaceans, molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, or any combination thereof. In cases where the
preparation contains two or more of the products mentioned above, it is classified in the heading of chapter 16 corresponding
to the component or components which predominate by weight. These provisions do not apply to the stuffed products of heading
1902 or the preparations of heading 2103 or 2104.

Subheading Notes

1.

For the purposes of subheading 1602.10, the expression “homogenized preparations” means preparations of meat, meat offal,
blood or insects, finely homogenized, put up for retail sale as food suitable for infants or young children or for dietetic purposes,
in containers of a net weight content not exceeding 250 g. For the application of this definition, no account is to be taken of small
quantities of any ingredients which may have been added to the preparation for seasoning, preservation or other purposes.
These preparations may contain a small quantity of visible pieces of meat, meat offal or insects.This subheading takes precedence
over all other subheadings of heading 1602.

2.

The fish, crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates specified in the subheadings of heading 1604 or 1605 under
their common names only, are of the same species as those mentioned in chapter 3 under the same name.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "in oil" means packed in oil or fat, or in added oil or fat and other substances, whether
such oil or fat was introduced at the time of packing or prior thereto.

In assessing the duty on meats, no allowance shall be made for normal components thereof such as bones, fat, and hide or skin.
The dutiable weight of meats in airtight containers subject to specific rates includes the entire contents of the containers.

For purposes of subheadings 1604.14.22 and 1604.14.30, tunas and skipjack from the freely associated states may be entered
free of duty under the appropriate subheading in an aggregate quantity provided by, and under the terms set forth in, general
note 10(c) to the tariff schedule. Goods from the freely associated states entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption,
in excess of such specified aggregate quantity shall be dutied under the appropriate subheading at the rate set forth in the
"General" subcolumn of column 1.

Statistical Note

1.

Imports of shrimp or products of shrimp are subject to the provisions of section 609 of Public Law 101-162 of November 21, 1989
(16 U.S.C. 1537 note).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
16-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1601.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sausages and similar products, of meat, meat offal, blood or
insects; food preparations based on these products:

1601.00.20

Pork.........................................................................................

..................

0.8¢/kg1/

10

90

Canned.............................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

1601.00.40

Beef in airtight containers...............................................

..................

3.4%1/

10

90

20

60

80

00

60

80

00

1601.00.60

1602
1602.10
1602.10.10

1602.10.50

1602.20
1602.20.20

Canned......................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

3.2%1/

Beef............................................................................

kg

Other:

Canned................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other prepared or preserved meat, meat offal, blood or insects:

Homogenized preparations:

Put up for retail sale as food suitable for infants or for
dietetic purposes.............................................................

kg..............

1.9%1/

Put up for retail sale as food suitable for young
children.............................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

Canned......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Of liver of any animal:

Of goose...........................................................................

kg..............

4.9¢/kg1/

1602.20.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

7.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
16-3

Other prepared or preserved meat, meat offal, blood or insects:
(con.)

Of poultry of heading 0105:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1602 (con.)

1602.31.00

Of turkeys.........................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

1602.32.00

1602.39.00

20

40

10

30
40

15

35
45

1602.41
1602.41.10

00

Prepared meals........................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Of chickens......................................................................

kg
..................

6.4%2/

Prepared meals:

In airtight containers..........................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg
..................

6.4%1/

Prepared meals:

In airtight containers..........................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Of swine:

Hams and cuts thereof:

Containing cereals or vegetables...........................

kg..............

6.4%1/

1602.41.20

Boned and cooked and packed in airtight
containers...........................................................

..................

5.3¢/kg1/

Other:

20

40
00

20

40
00

1602.41.90

1602.42
1602.42.20

1602.42.40

In containers holding less than 1 kg..........

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.4¢/kg1/

Shoulders and cuts thereof:

Boned and cooked and packed in airtight
containers..................................................................

..................

4.2¢/kg1/

In containers holding less than 1 kg................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.4¢/kg1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
16-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1602 (con.)

1602.49
1602.49.10

00

1602.49.20

00

Other prepared or preserved meat, meat offal, blood or insects:
(con.)

Of swine: (con.)

Other, including mixtures:

Offal............................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

Other:

Not containing cereals or vegetables:

Boned and cooked and packed in air- tight
containers....................................................

kg..............

4.2¢/kg1/

1602.49.40

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

1.4¢/kg1/

1602.49.60

00

Mixtures of pork and beef..........................

kg..............

3.2%1/

Other:

1602.49.90

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

7.2¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
16-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1602 (con.)

1602.50
1602.50.05

00

1602.50.07

1602.50.08

1602.50.21

1602.50.60

1602.50.90

1602.90
1602.90.10

20

40
00

20

40
00

20

40

00

Other prepared or preserved meat, meat offal, blood or insects:
(con.)

Of bovine animals :

Offal..................................................................................

kg..............

2.3%1/

Other:

Not containing cereals or vegetables:

Cured or pickled:

Corned beef in airtight containers.............
In containers holding less than 1 kg....

..................
kg

Free1/

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg
kg..............

4.5%1/

Other:

In airtight containers...................................

..................

1.4%1/

In containers holding less than 1 kg....

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg
kg..............

1.8%1/

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.5%1/

Prepared meals..................................................

Other...................................................................

Other, including preparations of blood of any animal:

kg

kg

Frog meat.........................................................................

kg..............

2.7%

1602.90.91

Other.................................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

60

80

Canned......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,

20%

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,

30%

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,

30%

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
16-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1603.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Extracts and juices of meat, fish or crustaceans, molluscs or
other aquatic invertebrates:

1603.00.10

00

Clam juice...............................................................................

kg..............

8.5%2/

Other........................................................................................
Of meat.............................................................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Other.................................................................................

kg

Prepared or preserved fish; caviar and caviar substitutes
prepared from fish eggs:

Fish, whole or in pieces, but not minced:

Salmon:

In oil, in airtight containers.......................................

..................

6%2/

Pink (humpie).....................................................

Sockeye..............................................................

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

Free2/

25%

Canned:

Chum (dog)..................................................

Pink (humpie)..............................................

Sockeye.......................................................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Herrings:

In oil, in airtight containers.......................................

kg..............

4%2/

Other:

In tomato sauce, smoked or kippered, and in
immediate containers weighing with their
contents over 0.45 kg each..............................

kg..............

Free2/

1604.12.60

Other...................................................................

..................

Free2/

10

30

50

90

Pickled:

Fillets.....................................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Kipper snacks.......................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

13%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

1603.00.90

1604

1604.11
1604.11.20

1604.11.40

1604.12
1604.12.20

10

90

20

30

90

10

20

30

40
50

00

1604.12.40

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
16-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1604 (con.)

1604.13

1604.13.10

00

Prepared or preserved fish; caviar and caviar substitutes
prepared from fish eggs: (con.)

Fish, whole or in pieces, but not minced: (con.)
Sardines, sardinella and brisling or sprats:

In oil, in airtight containers:

Smoked sardines, neither skinned nor boned,
valued $1 or more per kg in tin- plate
containers, or $1.10 or more per kg in other
containers...........................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Other:

1604.13.20

00

Neither skinned nor boned.........................

kg..............

15%2/

1604.13.30

00

Skinned or boned........................................

kg..............

20%2/

Other:

1604.13.40

00

In immediate containers weighing with their
contents under 225 grams each......................

kg..............

Free2/

1604.13.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.1%2/

1604.14

Tunas, skipjack tuna and bonito (Sarda spp.):

Tunas and skipjack:

In airtight containers:

1604.14.10

In oil..............................................................

..................

35%2/

10

91

99

In foil or other flexible containers
weighing with their contents not more
than 6.8 kg each...................................

Other:

Albacore.........................................

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

30%

30%

30%

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

45%

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

IV
16-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1604 (con.)

1604.14
(con.)

1604.14.22

1604.14.30

51

59

91

99

51

59

91

99

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Prepared or preserved fish; caviar and caviar substitutes
prepared from fish eggs: (con.)

Fish, whole or in pieces, but not minced: (con.)

Tunas, skipjack tuna and bonito (Sarda spp.): (con.)

Tunas and skipjack: (con.)

In airtight containers: (con.)

Not in oil:

In containers weighing with their
contents not over 7 kg each, and not
the product of any insular possession
of the United States, for an aggregate
quantity entered in any calendar year
not to exceed 4.8 percent of apparent
United States consumption of tuna in
airtight containers during the
immediately preceding year, as
reported by the National Marine
Fisheries Service..................................

..................

6%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

25%

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Albacore (Thunnus alalunga):
In foil or other flexible con-
tainers weighing with their
contents not more than
6.8 kg each..............................

Other........................................

Other:

In foil or other flexible con-
tainers weighing with their
contents not more than 6.8 kg
each..........................................

kg

kg

kg

Other........................................
Other......................................................

kg
..................

12.5%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

25%

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Albacore (Thunnus alalunga):
In foil or other flexible con-
tainers weighing with their
contents not more than 6.8 kg
each..........................................

Other........................................

Other:

In foil or other flexible con-
tainers weighing with their
contents not more than 6.8 kg
each..........................................

Other........................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
16-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1604 (con.)

1604.14
(con.)

1604.14.40

00

Prepared or preserved fish; caviar and caviar substitutes
prepared from fish eggs: (con.)

Fish, whole or in pieces, but not minced: (con.)

Tunas, skipjack tuna and bonito (Sarda spp.): (con.)

Tunas and skipjack: (con.)

Not in airtight containers:

In bulk or in immediate containers
weighing with their contents over 6.8 kg
each, not in oil..............................................

kg..............

1.1¢/kg2/

1604.14.50

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6%2/

1604.14.70

00

In oil.....................................................................

kg..............

4.9%2/

Bonito (Sarda spp.):

1604.14.80

00

Not in oil..............................................................

kg..............

6%2/

1604.15.00

00

Mackerel...........................................................................

kg..............

3%2/

1604.16
1604.16.20

00

1604.16.40

00

Anchovies:

In oil, in airtight containers.......................................

kg..............

Free2/

Other:

In immediate containers weighing with their
contents 6.8 kg or less each.............................

kg..............

5%2/

1604.16.60

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8¢/kg

25%

30%

25%

25%

30%

25%

2.5%

IV
16-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1604 (con.)

1604.17
1604.17.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Prepared or preserved fish; caviar and caviar substitutes
prepared from fish eggs: (con.)

Fish, whole or in pieces, but not minced: (con.)

Eels:

In airtight containers.................................................

kg..............

4%2/

Other:

Fish sticks and similar products of any size or
shape, fillets or other portions of fish, if
breaded, coated with batter or similarly
prepared:

1604.17.40

00

Neither cooked nor in oil.............................

kg..............

10%2/

1604.17.50

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

7.5%2/

Other:

1604.17.60

00

In oil and in bulk or in immediate
containers over 7 kg each..........................

kg..............

Free2/

1604.17.80

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6%2/

1604.18
1604.18.10

00

Shark fins:

In airtight containers.................................................

kg..............

4%2/

1604.18.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6%2/

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8¢/kg

25%

30%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
16-11

2

Prepared or preserved fish; caviar and caviar substitutes
prepared from fish eggs: (con.)

Fish, whole or in pieces, but not minced: (con.)

Other (including yellowtail):
In airtight containers:

Not in oil:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1604 (con.)

1604.19

1604.19.10

00

Bonito, yellowtail and pollock.....................

kg..............

4%2/

1604.19.22

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

4%2/

1604.19.25

00

Bonito, yellowtail and pollock.....................

kg..............

5%2/

In oil:

1604.19.32

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

4%2/

Other:

Fish sticks and similar products of any size or
shape, fillets or other portions of fish, if
breaded, coated with batter or similarly
prepared:

1604.19.41

00

Neither cooked nor in oil.............................

kg..............

10%2/

1604.19.51

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

7.5%2/

1604.19.61

00

Other:

In oil and in bulk or in immediate
containers weighing with their contents
over 7 kg each.............................................

kg..............

Free2/

1604.19.82

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6%2/

25%

25%

30%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8¢/kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
16-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1604 (con.)

1604.20
1604.20.05

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Prepared or preserved fish; caviar and caviar substitutes
prepared from fish eggs: (con.)

Other prepared or preserved fish:

Products containing meat of crustaceans, molluscs or
other aquatic invertebrates; prepared meals...............

..................

5%2/

10

90

Prepared meals........................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

1604.20.10

00

Pastes........................................................................

kg..............

1604.20.15

00

In oil.....................................................................

kg..............

Balls, cakes and puddings:

1604.20.20

00

1604.20.25
1604.20.30

00
00

Not in oil:

In immediate containers weighing with
their contents not over 6.8 kg each:

In airtight containers............................

kg..............

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Fish sticks and similar products of any size or
shape, if breaded, coated with batter or similarly
prepared:

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/
Free2/

1604.20.40

00

Neither cooked nor in oil...................................

kg..............

10%2/

1604.20.50

Other...................................................................

..................

7.5%2/

1604.20.60

10

90

10

90

Pre-cooked and frozen...............................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Pre-cooked and frozen......................................

kg
..................
kg

Free2/

Other...................................................................

kg

Caviar and caviar substitutes:

1604.31.00

00

Caviar...............................................................................

kg..............

15%2/

1604.32
1604.32.30

00

Caviar substitutes:

Boiled and in airtight containers..............................

kg..............

1604.32.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

30%

25%

25%
2%

20%

30%

25%

30%

30%

44¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
16-13

2

Crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates,
prepared or preserved:

Crab:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals..........

..................

10%2/

In airtight containers.................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Crabmeat:

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

In airtight containers..........................................
King crab3/....................................................

Snow crab (Chionoecetes bairdi, C. opilio,
C. tanneri and C. angulatus):

C. opilio (small)3/...................................

Other......................................................
Dungeness3/.................................................

..................

Free2/

22.5%

kg

kg

kg
kg

Swimming crabs (Portunidae):

Callinectes spp., including blue crabs
(C. sapidus)...........................................

kg

Other......................................................
Other3/...........................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
kg
..................

5%2/

Frozen:

King crab...............................................

kg

Snow crab (Chionoecetes bairdi, C.
opilio, C. tanneri and C. angulatus):

C. opilio (small)..............................

Other...............................................
Dungeness............................................

kg

kg
kg

Swimming crabs (Portunidae):

Callinectes spp., including blue
crabs (C. sapidus).........................

kg

15%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other...............................................
Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
In airtight containers..........................................

kg
kg
kg
..................
kg

Free2/

Other...................................................................

kg

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1605

1605.10
1605.10.05

10

90

10

22

25
30

51

59
90

02

05

10
15

25

30
35
40

10

90

1605.10.20

1605.10.40

1605.10.60

IV
16-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1605 (con.)

1605.21
1605.21.05

00

1605.21.10

20

30
50

1605.29
1605.29.05

00

1605.29.10

1605.30
1605.30.05

1605.30.10

1605.40
1605.40.05

1605.40.10

10

40

10

90

10

30

50

90

00

10

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates,
prepared or preserved: (con.)
Shrimps and prawns:

Not in airtight containers:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

5%2/

Other..........................................................................
Frozen, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter:

Breaded........................................................

Other.............................................................
Other, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter.........................................

..................

Free2/

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

5%2/

Other..........................................................................
Frozen, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter.........................................

Other, imported in accordance with statistical
note 1 to this chapter.........................................

..................

Free2/

kg

kg

Lobster:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals..........

..................

10%2/

In airtight containers.................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Lobster meat, cooked by steaming or boiling in
water and out of shell, whether or not frozen but
not further prepared or preserved:

Frozen.................................................................

Not frozen...........................................................

Other:

In airtight containers..........................................

Other...................................................................

kg
..................

Free2/

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other crustaceans:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals..........

kg..............

Other.................................................................................
Peeled freshwater crawfish tail meat.....................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................

kg

Free2/

Free2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free

20%

Free

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

20%

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1605 (con.)

1605.51
1605.51.05

00

1605.51.40

00

1605.51.50

00

1605.52
1605.52.05

1605.52.60
1605.53
1605.53.05

1605.53.60
1605.54
1605.54.05

1605.54.60

1605.55
1605.55.05

1605.55.60
1605.56
1605.56.05

00

00

00

00

00

10

20

30

00

00

00

1605.56.10

00

1605.56.15

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
16-15

2

Crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates,
prepared or preserved: (con.)

Molluscs:

Oysters:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

Other:

Smoked...............................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Scallops, including queen scallops:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Mussels:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Cuttle fish and squid:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

Other..........................................................................
Cuttle fish............................................................

..................
kg

Squid:

Loligo............................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Octopus:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Clams, cockles and arkshells:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

4.7%2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Other:

Clams:

In airtight containers:

Razor clams (Siliqua patula)...............

kg..............

Free2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

7.5%

12.5%

20%

Free

20%

Free

20%

Free

20%

Free

20%

23%

Other:

Boiled clams, whether whole,
minced or chopped, and whether
or not salted, but not otherwise
prepared or preserved, in
immediate containers, the
contents of each container not
exceeding 680 grams gross
weight..............................................

kg..............

10%2/

110%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1605.56.20
1605.56.30
1605.56.60
1605.57
1605.57.05

00
00
00

00

Other...............................................
Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg..............
kg..............
kg..............

Abalone:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

1605.57.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/
Free2/
Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

35%
Free
Free

20%

Free

IV
16-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1605 (con.)

1605.58
1605.58.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Crustaceans, molluscs and other aquatic invertebrates,
prepared or preserved: (con.)

Molluscs: (con.)

Snails, other than sea snails:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

1605.58.55

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

1605.59
1605.59.05

00

Other:

Products containing fish meat; prepared meals.....

kg..............

1605.59.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Other aquatic invertebrates:

1605.61.00

00

Sea cucumbers................................................................

kg..............

1605.62.00

00

Sea urchins......................................................................

kg..............

1605.63.00

00

Jellyfish.............................................................................

kg..............

1605.69.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

5%2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

20%

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
Endnotes--page 16 - 17

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 17

SUGARS AND SUGAR CONFECTIONERY

IV
17-1

Note

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Sugar confectionery containing cocoa (heading 1806);

(b) Chemically pure sugars (other than sucrose, lactose, maltose, glucose and fructose) or other products of heading 2940; or

(c) Medicaments or other products of chapter 30.

Subheading Notes

1.

For the purposes of subheadings 1701.12, 1701.13 and 1701.14, "raw sugar" means sugar whose content of sucrose by weight,
in the dry state, corresponds to a polarimeter reading of less than 99.5 degrees.

2. Subheading 1701.13 covers only cane sugar obtained without centrifugation, whose content of sucrose by weight, in the dry
state, corresponds to a polarimeter reading of 69° or more but less than 93°. The product contains only natural anhedral
microcrystals, of irregular shape, not visible to the naked eye, which are surrounded by residues of molasses and other constituents
of sugar cane.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

The term "degree"as used in the"Rates of Duty" columns of this chapter means sugar degree as determined by a polarimetric
test.

For the purposes of this schedule, the term "articles containing over 65 percent by dry weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 2 to chapter 17" means articles containing over 65 percent by dry weight of sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar
beets, whether or not mixed with other ingredients, capable of being further processed or mixed with similar or other ingredients,
and not prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported.

For the purposes of this schedule, the term "articles containing over 10 percent by dry weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 3 to chapter 17" means articles containing over 10 percent by dry weight of sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar
beets, whether or not mixed with other ingredients, except (a) articles not principally of crystalline structure or not in dry amorphous
form, the foregoing that are prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported;
(b) blended syrups containing sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, capable of being further processed or mixed with
similar or other ingredients, and not prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which
imported; (c) articles containing over 65 percent by dry weight of sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, whether or not
mixed with other ingredients, capable of being further processed or mixed with similar or other ingredients, and not prepared for
marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported; or (d) cake decorations and similar
products to be used in the same condition as imported without any further processing other than the direct application to individual
pastries or confections, finely ground or masticated coconut meat or juice thereof mixed with those sugars, and sauces and
preparations therefor.

4.

For the purposes of this schedule, the term "blended syrups described in additional U.S. note 4 to chapter 17" means blended
syrups containing sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, capable of being further processed or mixed with similar or
other ingredients, and not prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported.

5.

(a) (i)

The aggregate quantity of raw cane sugar entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, under subheading
1701.13.10 and 1701.14.10 during any fiscal year, shall not exceed in the aggregate an amount (expressed in terms of
raw value), not less than 1,117,195 metric tons, as shall be established by the Secretary of Agriculture (hereinafter
referred to as "the Secretary"), and the aggregate quantity of sugars, syrups and molasses entered, or withdrawn from
warehouse for consumption, under subheadings 1701.12.10, 1701.91.10, 1701.99.10, 1702.90.10 and 2106.90.44
(under the terms of subheadings 9903.17.01 through 9903.18.10 and applicable note thereto), during any fiscal year,
shall not exceed in the aggregate an amount (expressed in terms of raw value), not less than 22,000 metric tons, as
shall be established by the Secretary. With either the aggregate quantity for raw cane sugar or the aggregate quantity
for sugars, syrups and molasses other than raw cane sugar, the Secretary may reserve a quota quantity for the importation
of specialty sugars as defined by the United States Trade Representative.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
17-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(ii) Whenever the Secretary believes that domestic supplies of sugars may be inadequate to meet domestic demand at

reasonable prices, the Secretary may modify any quantitative limitations which have previously been established under
this note but may not reduce the total amounts below the amounts provided for in subdivision (i) hereof.

(iii) The Secretary shall inform the Secretary of the Treasury of any determination made under this note. Notice of such

determinations shall be published in the Federal Register.

(iv) Sugar entering the United States during a quota period established under this note may be charged to the previous or

subsequent quota period with the written approval of the Secretary.

(b) (i)

The quota amounts established under subdivision (a) may be allocated among supplying countries and areas by the
United States Trade Representative.

(ii) The United States Trade Representative, after consultation with the Secretaries of State and Agriculture, may modify,
suspend (for all or part of the quota amount), or reinstate the allocations provided for in this subdivision (including the
addition or deletion of any country or area) if he finds that such action is appropriate to carry out the rights or obligations
of the United States under any international agreement to which the United States is a party or is appropriate to promote
the economic interests of the United States.

(iii) The United States Trade Representative shall inform the Secretary of the Treasury of any such action and shall publish
notice thereof in the Federal Register. Such action shall not become effective until the day following the date of publication
of such notice in the Federal Register or such later date as may be specified by the United States Trade Representative.

(iv) The United States Trade Representative may promulgate regulations appropriate to provide for the allocations authorized
pursuant to this note. Such regulations may, among other things, provide for the issuance of certificates of eligibility to
accompany any sugars, syrups or molasses (including any specialty sugars) imported from any country or area for which
an allocation has been provided and for such minimum quota amounts as may be appropriate to provide reasonable
access to the U.S. market for articles the product of those countries or areas having small allocations.

(c) For purposes of this note, the term raw value means the equivalent of such articles in terms of ordinary commercial raw
sugar testing 96 degrees by the polariscope as determined in accordance with regulations or instructions issued by the
Secretary of the Treasury. Such regulations or instructions may, among other things, provide: (i) for the entry of such articles
pending a final determination of polarity; and (ii) that positive or negative adjustments for differences in preliminary and final
raw values be made in the same or succeeding quota periods. The principal grades and types of sugar shall be translated
into terms of raw value in the following manner--

(A) For articles described in subheadings, 1701.12.05, 1701.12.10, 1701.12.50, 1701.13.05, 1701.13.10, 1701.13.20,

1701.13.50, 1701.14.05,1701.14.10,1701.14.20, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.05, 1701.91.10, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.05,
1701.99.10, 1701.99.50, 2106.90.42, 2106.90.44 and 2106.90.46 by multiplying the number of kilograms thereof by the
greater of 0.93, or 1.07 less 0.0175 for each degree of polarization under 100 degrees (and fractions of a degree in
proportion).

(B) For articles described in subheadings 1702.90.05, 1702.90.10 and 1702.90.20, by multiplying the number of kilograms

of the total sugars thereof (the sum of the sucrose and reducing or invert sugars) by 1.07.

(C) The Secretary of the Treasury shall establish methods for translating sugar into terms of raw value for any special grade

or type of sugar, syrup, or molasses for which he/she determines that the raw value cannot be measured adequately
under the above provisions.

6. Raw cane sugar classifiable in subheading 1701.13.20 and 1701.14.20 shall be entered only to be used for the production (other
than by distillation) of polyhydric alcohols, except polyhydric alcohols for use as a substitute for sugar in human food consumption,
or to be refined and reexported in refined form or in sugar-containing products, or to be substituted for domestically produced
raw cane sugar that has been or will be exported. The Secretary of Agriculture may issue licenses for such entries and may
promulgate such regulations (including any terms, conditions, certifications, bonds, civil penalties, or other limitations) as are
appropriate to ensure that sugar entered under subheading 1701.13.20 and 1701.14.20 is used only for such purposes.

7.

The aggregate quantity of articles containing over 65 percent by dry weight of sugars described in additional U.S. note 2 to
chapter 17, entered under subheadings 1701.91.44, 1702.90.64, 1704.90.64, 1806.10.24, 1806.10.45, 1806.20.71, 1806.90.45,
1901.20.20, 1901.20.55, 1901.90.67, 2101.12.44, 2101.20.44, 2106.90.74 and 2106.90.92 during the 12-month period from
October 1 in any year to the following September 30, inclusive, shall be none and no such articles shall be classifiable therein.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
17-3

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

8.

9.

The aggregate quantity of articles containing over 10 percent by dry weight of sugars described in additional U.S. note 3 to
chapter 17, entered under subheadings 1701.91.54, 1704.90.74, 1806.20.75, 1806.20.95, 1806.90.55, 1901.10.74, 1901.90.69,
2101.12.54, 2101.20.54, 2106.90.78 and 2106.90.95 during the 12-month period from October 1 in any year to the following
September 30, inclusive, shall not exceed 64,709 metric tons (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included
under this quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

The aggregate quantity of blended syrups described in additional U.S. note 4 to chapter 17, the foregoing goods entered under
subheadings 1702.20.24, 1702.30.24, 1702.40.24, 1702.60.24, 1702.90.54, 1806.20.91, 1806.90.35, 2101.12.34, 2101.20.34,
2106.90.68 and 2106.90.89 during the 12-month period from October 1 in any year to the following September 30, inclusive,
shall be none and no such articles shall be classifiable therein.

10. Heading 1703 does not include products derived from sugar cane or sugar beet and containing soluble non-sugar solids (excluding
any foreign substance that may have been added or developed in the product) equal to 6 percent or less by weight of the total
soluble solids.

11. For the purposes of subheading 1704.90.25, "cough drops" must contain a minimum of 5 mg per dose of menthol, of eucalyptol,

or of a combination of menthol and eucalyptol.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of heading 1701, the term "further processing" means performing those actions to further improve the quality
of sugar by a refiner through affination or defecation, clarification and further purification by absorption or crystallization.

2

For a list of approved standards for "Certified organic", see General Statistical Note 6.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
17-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1701

1701.12
1701.12.05

00

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form:
Raw sugar not containing added flavoring or coloring
matter:

Beet sugar:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

1701.12.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

1701.12.50

00

Other2/........................................................................

kg..............

35.74¢/kg1/

3.6606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
3.143854¢/kg1/

3.6606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
3.143854¢/kg1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,

6.58170¢/kg

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

less
0.0622005¢
/kg for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
5.031562¢
/kg

Free (A*, BH, CL,

6.58170¢/kg

less
0.0622005¢
/kg for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
5.031562¢
/kg

42.05¢/kg

CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.05.15 (P+)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.09.01-
9823.09.09 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
17-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1701 (con.)

1701.13

1701.13.05

00

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form:
(con.)

Raw sugar not containing added flavoring or coloring
matter: (con.)

Cane sugar specified in subheading note 2 to this
chapter:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

1701.13.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

1701.13.20

00

Other sugar to be used for the production (other
than by distillation) of polyhydric alcohols, except
polyhydric alcohols for use as a substitute for sugar
in human food consumption, or to be refined and
re-exported in refined form or in sugar-containing
products, or to be substituted for domestically
produced raw cane sugar that has been or will be
exported.....................................................................

kg..............

1.4606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
0.943854¢/kg1/

1.4606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
0.943854¢/kg1/

1.4606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
0.943854¢/kg1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,

4.3817¢/kg

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

less
0.0622005¢
/kg for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
2.831562¢
/kg

Free (A*, BH, CL,

4.3817¢/kg

CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.05.15 (P+)

less
0.0622005¢
/kg for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
2.831562¢
/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,

4.3817¢/kg

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

less
0.0622005¢/kg
for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
2.831562¢
/kg

IV
17-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1701 (con.)

1701.13
(con.)
1701.13.50

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form:
(con.)

Raw sugar not containing added flavoring or coloring
matter: (con.)

Cane sugar specified in subheading note 2 to this
chapter: (con.)

Other3/........................................................................

kg..............

33.87¢/kg1/

39.85¢/kg

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.09.01-
9823.09.09 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A*, AU, BH,

4.3817¢/kg

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

less
0.0622005¢/kg
for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
2.831562¢/kg

Free (A*, BH, CL,

4.3817¢/kg

CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.05.15 (P+)

less
0.0622005¢/kg
for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
2.831562¢/kg

1701.14
1701.14.05

00

Other cane sugar:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

1701.14.10

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

..................

1.4606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
0.943854¢/kg1/

1.4606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
0.943854¢/kg1/

20

40

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
17-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1701 (con.)

1701.14
(con.)
1701.14.20

00

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form:
(con.)

Raw sugar not containing added flavoring or coloring
matter: (con.)

Other cane sugar: (con.)

Other sugar to be used for the production (other
than by distillation) of polyhydric alcohols, except
polyhydric alcohols for use as a substitute for sugar
in human food consumption, or to be refined and
re-exported in refined form or in sugar-containing
products, or to be substituted for domestically
produced raw cane sugar that has been or will be
exported.....................................................................

kg..............

1.4606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
0.943854¢/kg1/

1701.14.50

00

Other3/........................................................................

kg..............

33.87¢/kg1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,

4.3817¢/kg

less
0.0622005¢/kg
for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
2.831562¢
/kg

39.85¢/kg

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.09.01-
9823.09.09 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
17-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1701 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form:
(con.)

Other:

1701.91

Containing added flavoring or coloring matter:

1701.91.05

00

Containing added coloring but not containing
added flavoring matter:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

1701.91.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

3.6606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
3.143854¢/kg1/

3.6606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
3.143854¢/kg1/

1701.91.30

00

Other2/.................................................................

kg..............

35.74¢/kg1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,

6.58170¢/kg

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

less
0.0622005¢
/kg for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
5.031562¢
/kg

Free (A*, BH, CL,

6.58170¢/kg

less
0.0622005¢/kg
for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
5.031562¢
/kg

42.05¢/kg

CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.05.15 (P+)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.09.01-
9823.09.09 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1701 (con.)

1701.91
(con.)

1701.91.42

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
17-9

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing added flavoring or coloring matter: (con.)

Containing added flavoring matter whether or not
containing added coloring:

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional U.S.
note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

6%1/

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1701.91.44

00

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

6%1/

Free (OM, PE, S)

20%

1701.91.48

00

Other4/...........................................................

kg..............

33.9¢/kg +
5.1%1/

39.9¢/kg +6%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing added flavoring or coloring matter: (con.)

IV
17-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1701 (con.)

1701.91
(con.)

1701.91.52

00

1701.91.54

00

Containing added flavoring matter whether or not
containing added coloring: (con.)

Articles containing over 10 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional U.S.
note 3 to chapter 17:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

6%1/

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

6%1/

1701.91.58

00

Other5/...........................................................

kg..............

33.9¢/kg +
5.1%1/

1701.91.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.1%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

39.9¢/kg +6%

20%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
17-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1701 (con.)

1701.99
1701.99.05

00

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form:
(con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

3.6606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
3.143854¢/kg1/

3.6606¢/kg less
0.020668¢/kg
for each degree
under 100
degrees (and
fractions of a
degree in
proportion) but
not less than
3.143854¢/kg6/

Free (A*, AU, BH,

6.58170¢/kg

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

less
0.0622005¢
/kg for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
5.031562¢
/kg

Free (A*, BH, CL,

6.58170¢/kg

CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.05.15 (P+)

less
0.0622005¢
/kg for each
degree under
100 degrees
(and fractions
of a degree in
proportion)
but not less
than
5.031562¢
/kg

1701.99.10

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

..................

15

17

25

50

Specialty sugars:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Sugar not for further processing................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

IV
17-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1701 (con.)

1701.99
(con.)
1701.99.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cane or beet sugar and chemically pure sucrose, in solid form:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other2/........................................................................

..................

35.74¢/kg6/

42.05¢/kg

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.09.01-
9823.09.09 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

15

17

25

50

Specialty sugars:

Certified organic..........................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Sugar not for further processing................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

1702

1702.11.00

00

Other sugars, including chemically pure lactose, maltose,
glucose and fructose, in solid form; sugar syrups not containing
added flavoring or coloring matter; artificial honey, whether or
not mixed with natural honey; caramel:

Lactose and lactose syrup:

Containing by weight 99 percent or more lactose,
expressed as anhydrous lactose, calculated on the dry
matter................................................................................

1702.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

6.4%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

6.4%1/

50%

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1702 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
17-13

2

Other sugars, including chemically pure lactose, maltose,
glucose and fructose, in solid form; sugar syrups not containing
added flavoring or coloring matter; artificial honey, whether or
not mixed with natural honey; caramel: (con.)

1702.20

Maple sugar and maple syrup:

1702.20.22

1702.20.24

1702.20.28

1702.20.40

10

90

10

90

10

90

10

40

50

60

70

Blended syrups described in additional U.S. note 4 to
chapter 17:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

..................

6%1/

Maple sugar........................................................

Maple syrup........................................................
Described in additional U.S. note 9 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................
Maple sugar........................................................

kg

kg

..................
kg

6%1/

Maple syrup........................................................
Other7/........................................................................

kg
..................

16.9¢/kg of total
sugars + 5.1%1/

Maple sugar........................................................

kg

Maple syrup........................................................
Other.................................................................................
Maple sugar..............................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Maple syrup:

Certified organic:

In containers over 5 kg...............................

Other.............................................................

Other:

In containers over 5 kg...............................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (OM, PE, S)

20%

19.9¢/kg of

total sugars +
6%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

9¢/kg

IV
17-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1702 (con.)

1702.30

1702.30.22

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other sugars, including chemically pure lactose, maltose,
glucose and fructose, in solid form; sugar syrups not containing
added flavoring or coloring matter; artificial honey, whether or
not mixed with natural honey; caramel: (con.)

Glucose and glucose syrup, not containing fructose or
containing in the dry state less than 20 percent by weight
of fructose:

Blended syrups described in additional U.S. note 4 to
chapter 17:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

6%1/

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1702.30.24

00

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

6%1/

Free (OM, PE, S)

20%

1702.30.28

00

Other7/........................................................................

kg..............

16.9¢/kg of total
sugars + 5.1%1/

1702.30.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.2¢/kg1/

45

65

75

85

Glucose syrup:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

19.9¢/kg of

total sugars +
6%

4.4¢/kg

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1702 (con.)

1702.40

1702.40.22

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
17-15

2

Other sugars, including chemically pure lactose, maltose,
glucose and fructose, in solid form; sugar syrups not containing
added flavoring or coloring matter; artificial honey, whether or
not mixed with natural honey; caramel: (con.)

Glucose and glucose syrup, containing in the dry state at
least 20 percent but less than 50 percent by weight of
fructose, excluding invert sugar:

Blended syrups described in additional U.S. note 4 to
chapter 17:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

6%1/

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1702.40.24

00

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

6%1/

Free (OM, PE, S)

20%

1702.40.28

00

Other7/........................................................................

kg..............

33.9¢/kg of total
sugars + 5.1%1/

1702.40.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5.1%1/

1702.50.00

00

Chemically pure fructose.......................................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

39.9¢/kg of

total sugars +
6%

20%

50%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
17-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1702 (con.)

1702.60

1702.60.22

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other sugars, including chemically pure lactose, maltose,
glucose and fructose, in solid form; sugar syrups not containing
added flavoring or coloring matter; artificial honey, whether or
not mixed with natural honey; caramel: (con.)

Other fructose and fructose syrup, containing in the dry
state more than 50 percent by weight of fructose, excluding
invert sugar:

Blended syrups described in additional U.S. note 4 to
chapter 17:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

6%1/

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1702.60.24

00

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

6%1/

Free (OM, PE, S)

20%

1702.60.28

00

Other7/........................................................................

kg..............

33.9¢/kg of total
sugars + 5.1%1/

1702.60.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

5.1%1/

Syrup:

30

50
90

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

39.9¢/kg of

total sugars+
6%

20%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1702 (con.)

1702.90

1702.90.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
17-17

2

Other sugars, including chemically pure lactose, maltose,
glucose and fructose, in solid form; sugar syrups not containing
added flavoring or coloring matter; artificial honey, whether or
not mixed with natural honey; caramel: (con.)

Other, including invert sugar and other sugar and sugar
syrup blends containing in the dry state 50 percent by
weight of fructose:

Derived from sugar cane or sugar beets:

Containing soluble non-sugar solids (excluding
any foreign substances, including but not limited
to molasses, that may have been added to or
developed in the product) equal to 6 percent or
less by weight of the total soluble solids:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

3.6606¢/kg of
total sugars1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.58170¢/kg of
total sugars

1702.90.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapterand entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

3.6606¢/kg of
total sugars1/

1702.90.20

00

Other2/.................................................................

kg..............

35.74¢/kg1/

1702.90.35

00

Invert molasses..................................................

Other:

1702.90.40

00

Other...................................................................

liters..........
kg

0.35¢/liter1/

liters..........
kg

0.35¢/liter1/

6.58170¢/kg of
total sugars

42.05¢/kg

1.8¢/liter

1.8¢/liter

Free (A*, BH, CL,

CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.05.15 (P+)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.09.01-
9823.09.09 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
17-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1702 (con.)

1702.90
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other sugars, including chemically pure lactose, maltose,
glucose and fructose, in solid form; sugar syrups not containing
added flavoring or coloring matter; artificial honey, whether or
not mixed with natural honey; caramel: (con.)

Other, including invert sugar and other sugar and sugar
syrup blends containing in the dry state 50 percent by
weight of fructose: (con.)

Other:

1702.90.52

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

6%1/

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1702.90.54

00

Other:

Blended syrups described in additional U.S.
note 4 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

6%1/

Free (OM, PE, S)

20%

1702.90.58

00

Other7/...........................................................

kg..............

33.9¢/kg of total
sugars + 5.1%1/

39.9¢/kg of

total sugars +
6%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

1702.90.64

00

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional U.S.
note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

6%1/

Free (OM, PE, S)

20%

1702.90.68

00

Other4/...........................................................

kg..............

33.9¢/kg +
5.1%1/

1702.90.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.1%6/

39.9¢/kg + 6%

20%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
17-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1703
1703.10
1703.10.30

00

Molasses resulting from the extraction or refining of sugar:

Cane molasses:

Imported for (a) the commercial extraction of sugar or
(b) human consumption..................................................

liters8/

0.35¢/liter1/

1703.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

liters8/
kg ttl sug

0.01¢/kg of total
sugars1/

1703.90
1703.90.30

00

Other:

Imported for (a) the commercial extraction of sugar or
(b) human consumption..................................................

liters8/

0.35¢/liter1/

1703.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

liters8/
kg ttl sug

0.01¢/kg of total
sugars1/

1704

Sugar confectionery (including white chocolate), not containing
cocoa:

1704.10.00

00

Chewing gum, whether or not sugar-coated.......................

kg..............

4%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

1.8¢/liter

0.07¢/kg of

total sugars

1.8¢/liter

0.07¢/kg of

total sugars

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

1.2% (JP)

IV
17-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1704 (con.)

1704.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sugar confectionery (including white chocolate), not containing
cocoa: (con.)
Other:

Confections or sweetmeats ready for consumption:

1704.90.10

00

Candied nuts.............................................................

kg..............

4.5%1/

Other:

1704.90.25

00

Cough drops.......................................................

kg..............

1704.90.35

Other...................................................................

..................

Free1/

5.6%6/

20

50
90

Other:

Put up for retail sale:

Containing peanuts, peanut butter or
peanut paste.........................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg

kg
kg

1704.90.52

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

12.2%1/

40%

30%

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1.35% (JP)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8% (JP)

12.2%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.1% (JP)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Sugar confectionery (including white chocolate), not containing
cocoa: (con.)

IV
17-21

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1704 (con.)

1704.90
(con.)

1704.90.54

00

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S.
note 1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

12.2%1/

1704.90.58

00

Other9/...........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

40¢/kg +10.4%1/

12.2%

47.4¢/kg +
12.2%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.69 (CO)

IV
17-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1704 (con.)

1704.90
(con.)

1704.90.64

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sugar confectionery (including white chocolate), not containing
cocoa: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............

12.2%1/

Free (OM, PE, S)

12.2%

1704.90.68

00

Other4/....................................................

kg..............

40¢/kg + 10.4%1/

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

47.4¢/kg +
12.2%

1704.90.74

00

Articles containing over 10 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 3 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............

12.2%1/

1704.90.78

00

Other5/....................................................

kg..............

40¢/kg + 10.4%1/

1704.90.90

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

10.4%6/

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

12.2%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

47.4¢/kg +
12.2%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

12.2%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
Endnotes--page 17 - 23

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9904.17.08-9904.17.16.
3/ See 9904.17.01-9904.17.07.
4/ See 9904.17.17-9904.17.48.
5/ See 9904.17.49-9904.17.65.
6/ See 9903.88.03.
7/ See 9904.17.66-9904.17.84.
8/ Report liters of dried molasses on the basis of 0.72 kg/liter.
9/ See 9904.04.50-9904.05.01.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 18

COCOA AND COCOA PREPARATIONS

IV
18-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Food preparations containing more than 20 percent by weight of sausage, meat, meat offal, blood, insects, fish or crustaceans,

molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, or any combination thereof (chapter 16);

(b) Preparations of headings 0403, 1901, 1902, 1904, 1905, 2105, 2202, 2208, 3003 or 3004.

2. Heading 1806 includes sugar confectionery containing cocoa, and, subject to note 1 to this chapter, other food preparations

containing cocoa.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

The aggregate quantity of cocoa powder containing over 10 percent by dry weight of sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar
beets, whether or not mixed with other ingredients (except (a) articles not principally of crystalline structure or not in dry amorphous
form that are prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported, (b) blended
syrups containing sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, capable of being further processed or mixed with similar or
other ingredients, and not prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported,
or (c) articles containing over 65 percent by dry weight of sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, whether or not mixed
with other ingredients, capable of being further processed or mixed with similar or other ingredients, and not prepared for marketing
to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported), the foregoing goods entered under subheadings
1806.10.10, 1806.10.34 and 1806.10.65 during the 12-month period from October 1 in any year to the following September 30,
inclusive, shall not exceed 2,313 metric tons (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under this quantitative
limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

2.

The aggregate quantity of chocolate containing over 5.5 percent by weight of butterfat (excluding articles for consumption at
retail as candy or confection), the foregoing entered under subheadings 1806.20.24, 1806.32.04 and 1806.90.15 in any calendar
year shall not exceed 26,167,700 kilograms (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the
aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note, the countries listed below shall have access to not less than the quantities
specified below:

Ireland
United Kingdom
Netherlands
Australia
New Zealand

Quantity
(kg)

4,286,491
3,379,297
45,359
2,000,000
1

3.

The aggregate quantity of chocolate and low fat chocolate crumb containing 5.5 percent or less by weight of butterfat (excluding
articles for consumption at retail as candy or confection), the foregoing entered under subheadings 1806.20.34, 1806.20.85,
1806.32.14 and 1806.90.25 in any calendar year shall not exceed 2,122,834 kilograms (articles the product of Mexico shall not
be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note, the countries listed below shall have access to not less than the quantities
specified below:

Ireland
United Kingdom
New Zealand

Quantity
(kg)

1,700,988
421,845
1

Statistical Note

1.

The unit of quantity "kg cmsc" (kilograms cows' milk solids content) includes all cows' milk components other than water.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
18-2

Heading/
Subheading

1801.00.00

Stat.
Suf-
fix

10

90

Cocoa beans, whole or broken, raw or roasted.........................
Certified organic.....................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other........................................................................................

kg

1802.00.00

00

Cocoa shells, husks, skins and other cocoa waste..................

kg..............

Free1/

1803
1803.10.00

Cocoa paste, whether or not defatted:

00

Not defatted............................................................................

kg..............

1803.20.00

00

Wholly or partly defatted........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0.2¢/kg1/

1804.00.00

00

Cocoa butter, fat and oil...............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1805.00.00

00

Cocoa powder, not containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter.............................................................................................

kg..............

0.52¢/kg1/

1806
1806.10

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa:
Cocoa powder, containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter:

1806.10.05

00

1806.10.10

00

Containing less than 65 percent by weight of sugar:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

Described in additional U.S. note 1 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

1806.10.15

00

Other2/........................................................................

kg..............

21.7¢/kg1/

Free

10%

6.6¢/kg

6.6¢/kg

25%

6.6¢/kg

40%

40%

25.5¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
18-3

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

Cocoa powder, containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)

Containing 65 percent or more but less than 90 percent
by dry weight of sugar:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry weight
of sugar described in additional U.S. note 2 to
chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to chapter
17 and entered pursuant to its provisions.......

kg..............

10%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

kg..............

10%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.10
(con.)

1806.10.22

00

1806.10.24

00

1806.10.28

00

Other3/.................................................................

kg..............

33.6¢/kg1/

1806.10.34

00

Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 1 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

10%1/

1806.10.38

00

Other2/.................................................................

kg..............

33.6¢/kg1/

39.5¢/kg

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, BH, CL,

20%

39.5¢/kg

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
18-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.10
(con.)

1806.10.43

00

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

Cocoa powder, containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)

Containing 90 percent or more by dry weight of sugar:
Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

1806.10.45

00

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry weight
of sugar described in additional U.S. note 2 to
chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to chapter
17 and entered pursuant to its provisions.......

kg..............

10%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

kg..............

10%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

1806.10.55

00

Other3/.................................................................

kg..............

33.6¢/kg1/

1806.10.65

00

Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 1 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

10%1/

1806.10.75

00

Other2/.................................................................

kg..............

33.6¢/kg1/

39.5¢/kg

20%

39.5¢/kg

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A*, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.20

1806.20.20

10

90

1806.20.22

00

1806.20.24

00

1806.20.26

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
18-5

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)
Other preparations in blocks, slabs or bars, weighing more
than 2 kg or in liquid, paste, powder, granular or other bulk
form in containers or immediate packings, of a content
exceeding 2 kg:

Preparations consisting wholly of ground cocoa beans,
with or without added cocoa fat, flavoring or emulsifying
agents, and containing not more than 32 percent by
weight of butterfat or other milk solids and not more
than 60 percent by weight of sugar:

In blocks or slabs weighing 4.5 kg or more each...
Not containing butterfat or other milk solids....

..................
kg

Free1/

Containing butterfat or other milk solids..........

kg
kg cmsc

Other:

8.8¢/kg

Containing butterfat or other milk solids
(excluding articles for consumption at retail as
candy or confection):

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

Other, containing over 5.5 percent by
weight of butterfat:

Described in additional U.S. note 2 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............

5%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

kg..............
kg cmsc

5%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent
by weight of milk solids4/...............

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg +
4.3%1/

1806.20.28

00

Other4/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg +
4.3%1/

43.8¢/kg + 5%

62.1¢/kg + 5%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

IV
18-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.20
(con.)

1806.20.34

00

1806.20.36

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)
Other preparations in blocks, slabs or bars, weighing more
than 2 kg or in liquid, paste, powder, granular or other bulk
form in containers or immediate packings, of a content
exceeding 2 kg: (con.)

Preparations consisting wholly of ground cocoa beans,
with or without added cocoa fat, flavoring or emulsifying
agents, and containing not more than 32 percent by
weight of butterfat or other milk solids and not more
than 60 percent by weight of sugar: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing butterfat or other milk solids
(excluding articles for consumption at retail as
candy or confection): (con.)

Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

5%1/

Free (A, BH, CL,

40%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent
by weight of milk solids5/...............

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg +
4.3%1/

1806.20.38

00

Other5/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg +
4.3%1/

1806.20.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

1806.20.60

00

Confectioners' coatings and other products (except
confectionery) containing by weight not less than 6.8
percent non-fat solids of the cocoa bean nib and not
less than 15 percent of vegetable fats other than cocoa
butter.................................................................................

kg..............

2%1/

43.8¢/kg + 5%

62.1¢/kg + 5%

40%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.20
(con.)

1806.20.67

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
18-7

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)
Other preparations in blocks, slabs or bars, weighing more
than 2 kg or in liquid, paste, powder, granular or other bulk
form in containers or immediate packings, of a content
exceeding 2 kg: (con.)

Other:

Containing more than 65 percent by weight of
sugar:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

10%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5% (JP)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
18-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.20
(con.)

1806.20.71

00

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)
Other preparations in blocks, slabs or bars, weighing more
than 2 kg or in liquid, paste, powder, granular or other bulk
form in containers or immediate packings, of a content
exceeding 2 kg: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Containing more than 65 percent by weight of
sugar: (con.)
Other:

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions..............................................

kg..............

10%1/

1806.20.73

00

Other3/....................................................

kg..............

30.5¢/kg +
8.5%1/

1806.20.75

00

Articles containing over 10 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 3 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions..............................................

kg..............

10%1/

1806.20.77

00

Other6/....................................................

kg..............

30.5¢/kg +
8.5%1/

1806.20.78

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

35.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

35.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.20
(con.)

1806.20.79

00

1806.20.81

00

1806.20.82

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
18-9

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)
Other preparations in blocks, slabs or bars, weighing more
than 2 kg or in liquid, paste, powder, granular or other bulk
form in containers or immediate packings, of a content
exceeding 2 kg: (con.)
Other: (con.)
Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

10%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5% (JP)

Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S.
note 1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note 10
to chapter 4 and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent
by weight of milk solids7/...............

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg +
8.5%1/

1806.20.83

00

Other7/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg +
8.5%1/

43.8¢/kg +

10%

62.1¢/kg
+10%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

IV
18-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.20
(con.)

1806.20.85

00

1806.20.87

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)
Other preparations in blocks, slabs or bars, weighing more
than 2 kg or in liquid, paste, powder, granular or other bulk
form in containers or immediate packings, of a content
exceeding 2 kg: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other, low fat chocolate crumb (excluding
articles for consumption at retail as candy
or confection):

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

20%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent
by weight of milk solids5/...............

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg +
8.5%1/

1806.20.89

00

Other5/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg +
8.5%1/

43.8¢/kg +

10%

62.1¢/kg +

10%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
18-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.20
(con.)

1806.20.91

00

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)
Other preparations in blocks, slabs or bars, weighing more
than 2 kg or in liquid, paste, powder, granular or other bulk
form in containers or immediate packings, of a content
exceeding 2 kg: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Blended syrups described in additional
U.S. note 4 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note
9 to chapter 17 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

kg..............

10%1/

1806.20.94

00

Other8/.............................................

kg..............

37.2¢/kg +
8.5%1/

1806.20.95

00

Articles containing over 10 percent by
dry weight of sugar described in
additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 17:
Described in additional U.S. note
8 to chapter 17 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

kg..............

10%1/

1806.20.98

00

Other6/.............................................

kg..............

37.2¢/kg +
8.5%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

43.8¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

20%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

43.8¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

IV
18-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.20
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)
Other preparations in blocks, slabs or bars, weighing more
than 2 kg or in liquid, paste, powder, granular or other bulk
form in containers or immediate packings, of a content
exceeding 2 kg: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

1806.20.99

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

1806.31.00

Filled.................................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

Other, in blocks, slabs or bars:

20%

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8% (JP)

41

49
80

Confectionery:

Containing peanuts, peanut butter or peanut
paste....................................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

1806.32

Not filled:

Preparations consisting wholly of ground cocoa
beans, with or without added cocoa fat, flavoring
or emulsifying agents, and containing not more
than 32 percent by weight of butterfat or other milk
solids and not more than 60 percent by weight of
sugar:

Containing butterfat or other milk solids
(excluding articles for consumption at retail as
candy or confection):

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

1806.32.01

00

kg..............

5%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

1806 (con.)

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

1806.32
(con.)

Other, in blocks, slabs or bars: (con.)

Not filled: (con.)

IV
18-13

2

Preparations consisting wholly of ground cocoa
beans, with or without added cocoa fat, flavoring
or emulsifying agents, and containing not more
than 32 percent by weight of butterfat or other milk
solids and not more than 60 percent by weight of
sugar: (con.)

Containing butterfat or other milk solids
(excluding articles for consumption at retail as
candy or confection): (con.)

Other, containing over 5.5 percent by
weight of butterfat:

Described in additional U.S. note 2 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

5%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent
by weight of milk solids4/...............

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg +
4.3%1/

1806.32.04

00

1806.32.06

00

1806.32.08

00

Other4/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg +
4.3%1/

43.8¢/kg + 5%

62.1¢/kg + 5%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
18-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1806 (con.)

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

1806.32
(con.)

Other, in blocks, slabs or bars: (con.)

Not filled: (con.)

Preparations consisting wholly of ground cocoa
beans, with or without added cocoa fat, flavoring
or emulsifying agents, and containing not more
than 32 percent by weight of butterfat or other milk
solids and not more than 60 percent by weight of
sugar: (con.)

Containing butterfat or other milk solids
(excluding articles for consumption at retail as
candy or confection): (con.)

Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

5%1/

Free (A, BH, CL,

40%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent
by weight of milk solids5/...............

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg +
4.3%1/

1806.32.14

00

1806.32.16

00

1806.32.18

00

Other5/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg +
4.3%1/

1806.32.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

43.8¢/kg + 5%

62.1¢/kg + 5%

40%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

1806 (con.)

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

IV
18-15

2

1806.32
(con.)

1806.32.55

00

1806.32.60

00

Other, in blocks, slabs or bars: (con.)

Not filled: (con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

7%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.5% (JP)

Other, dairy products described in additional
U.S. note 1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

7%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

1806.32.70

00

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent by
weight of milk solids7/...........................

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg + 6%1/

1806.32.80

00

Other7/....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg + 6%1/

1806.32.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

43.8¢/kg +7%

62.1¢/kg +7%

40%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
18-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.90
1806.90.01

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

1806.90.05

00

Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note
1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to chapter
4 and entered pursuant to its provisions.........

kg..............
kg cmsc

3.5%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1806.90.08

00

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent by weight
of milk solids7/..............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg + 6%1/

1806.90.10

00

Other7/...........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg + 6%1/

43.8¢/kg + 7%

62.1¢/kg +7%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.90
(con.)

1806.90.15

00

1806.90.18

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

IV
18-17

2

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containing butterfat or other milk solids
(excluding articles for consumption at retail as
candy or confection):

Containing over 5.5 percent by weight of
butterfat:

Described in additional U.S. note 2 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

3.5%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent
by weight of milk solids4/...............

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg + 6%1/

1806.90.20

00

Other4/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg + 6%1/

43.8¢/kg + 7%

62.1¢/kg +7%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

IV
18-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.90
(con.)

1806.90.25

00

1806.90.28

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing butterfat or other milk solids
(excluding articles for consumption at retail as
candy or confection): (con.)

Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

3.5%1/

40%

Free (A*, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing less than 21 percent
by weight of milk solids5/...............

kg..............
kg cmsc

37.2¢/kg + 6%1/

1806.90.30

00

Other5/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

52.8¢/kg + 6%1/

43.8¢/kg + 7%

62.1¢/kg + 7%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.90
(con.)

1806.90.35

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

IV
18-19

2

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Blended syrups described in additional
U.S. note 4 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions..............................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

40%

PA, PE, S)

1806.90.39

00

Other8/....................................................

kg..............

37.2¢/kg + 6%1/

43.8¢/kg + 7%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

1806.90.45

00

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions..............................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

40%

PA, PE, S)

1806.90.49

00

Other3/....................................................

kg..............

37.2¢/kg + 6%1/

43.8¢/kg + 7%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

IV
18-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1806 (con.)
1806.90
(con.)

1806.90.55

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Articles containing over 10 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 3 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions..............................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

1806.90.59

00

Other6/....................................................

kg..............

37.2¢/kg + 6%1/

1806.90.90

Other.............................................................

..................

6%1/

11

19
90

Confectionery:

Containing peanuts or peanut
products..........................................

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

kg

kg
kg

40%

43.8¢/kg + 7%

40%

Free (A*, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
Endnotes--page 18 - 21

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9904.18.01-9904.18.08.
3/ See 9904.17.17-9904.17.48.
4/ See 9904.18.09-9904.18.18.
5/ See 9904.18.19-9904.18.30.
6/ See 9904.17.49-9904.17.65.
7/ See 9904.04.50-9904.05.01.
8/ See 9904.17.66-9904.17.84.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 19

PREPARATIONS OF CEREALS, FLOUR, STARCH OR MILK; BAKERS' WARES

IV
19-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Except in the case of stuffed products of heading 1902, food preparations containing more than 20 percent by weight of

sausage, meat, meat offal, blood, insects, fish or crustaceans, molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, or any combination
thereof (chapter 16);

(b) Biscuits or other articles made from flour or from starch, specially prepared for use in animal feeding (heading 2309); or

(c) Medicaments or other products of chapter 30.

2.

For the purposes of heading 1901:

(a) The term "groats" means cereal groats of chapter 11;

(b) The terms "flour" and "meal" mean :

(1) Cereal flour and meal of chapter 11, and

(2) Flour, meal and powder of vegetable origin of any chapter, other than flour, meal or powder of dried vegetables (heading

0712), of potatoes (heading 1105) or of dried leguminous vegetables (heading 1106).

3. Heading 1904 does not cover preparations containing more than 6 percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis or completely coated with chocolate or other food preparations containing cocoa of heading 1806 (heading 1806).

4.

For the purposes of heading 1904 the expression "otherwise prepared" means prepared or processed to an extent beyond that
provided for in the headings of or notes to chapter 10 or 11.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "mixes and doughs described in additional U.S. note 1 to chapter 19" means articles
containing over 10 percent by dry weight of sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, whether or not mixed with other
ingredients (except (a) articles not principally of crystalline structure or not in dry amorphous form, the foregoing that are prepared
for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported, (b) blended syrups containing sugars
derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, capable of being further processed or mixed with similar or other ingredients, and not
prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported, or (c) articles containing
over 65 percent by dry weight of sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, whether or not mixed with other ingredients,
capable of being further processed or mixed with similar or other ingredients, and not prepared for marketing to the ultimate
consumer in the identical form and package in which imported).

The aggregate quantity of infant formula containing oligosaccharides, approved by the Food and Drug Administration, the
foregoing goods entered under subheadings 1901.10.11 and 1901.10.33 in any calendar year shall not exceed 100 metric tons
(articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such
articles shall be classifiable therein).

The aggregate quantity of mixes and doughs described in additional U.S. note 1 to chapter 19, the foregoing goods entered
under subheadings 1901.20.30 and 1901.20.65 during the 12-month period from October 1 in any year to the following September
30, inclusive, shall not exceed 5,398 metric tons (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under this
quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Statistical Note

1.

The unit of quantity "kg cmsc" (kilograms cows’ milk solids content) includes all cows’ milk components other than water.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
19-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901

1901.10

1901.10.05

00

1901.10.11

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
Preparations suitable for infants or young children, put up
for retail sale:

Preparations suitable for infants, put up for retail sale:
Containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids:
Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

Other:

Infant formula containing oligosaccharides:
Described in additional U.S. note 2 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

1901.10.16

00

Other2/....................................................

kg..............

17.5%1/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

kg..............
kg cmsc

17.5%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.035/kg +
14.9%3/

35%

$1.217/kg +

17.5%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
19-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.10
(con.)

1901.10.21

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Preparations suitable for infants or young children, put up
for retail sale: (con.)

Preparations suitable for infants, put up for retail sale:
(con.)

Containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids:
(con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Dairy products described in additional
U.S. note 1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note
10 to chapter 4 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

1901.10.26

00

Other4/.............................................

kg..............

17.5%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.035/kg +
14.9%3/

35%

$1.217/kg +

17.5%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1901.10.29

00

Other......................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

14.9%5/

IV
19-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.10
(con.)

1901.10.31

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Preparations suitable for infants or young children, put up
for retail sale: (con.)

Preparations suitable for infants, put up for retail sale:
(con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

17.5%1/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
19-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.10
(con.)

1901.10.33

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Preparations suitable for infants or young children, put up
for retail sale: (con.)

Preparations suitable for infants, put up for retail sale:
(con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Infant formula containing oligosaccharides:
Described in additional U.S. note 2 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............

17.5%1/

1901.10.36

00

Other2/....................................................

kg..............

$1.035/kg +
14.9%3/

1901.10.41

00

Other:

Dairy products described in additional
U.S. note 1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note
10 to chapter 4 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

kg..............

17.5%1/

1901.10.44

00

Other...............................................

kg..............

$1.035/kg +
14.9%3/

1901.10.49

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

14.9%5/

35%

$1.217/kg +

17.5%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

35%

$1.217/kg +

17.5%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
19-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.10
(con.)

1901.10.52

00

1901.10.54

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Preparations suitable for infants or young children, put up
for retail sale: (con.)

Preparations suitable for young children, put up for
retail sale:

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note
1 to chapter 4:

Dairy preparations containing over 10 percent
by weight of milk solids:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

1901.10.56

00

Other4/...........................................................

kg..............

16%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

16%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.035/kg
+13.6%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.217/kg +

16%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
19-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.10
(con.)

1901.10.62

00

1901.10.64

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Preparations suitable for infants or young children, put up
for retail sale: (con.)

Preparations suitable for young children, put up for
retail sale: (con.)

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note
1 to chapter 4: (con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

16%1/

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

16%1/

1901.10.66

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

$1.035/kg +
13.6%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

$1.217/kg +

16%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
19-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.10
(con.)

1901.10.72

00

1901.10.74

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Preparations suitable for infants or young children, put up
for retail sale: (con.)

Preparations suitable for young children, put up for
retail sale: (con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

10%1/

Articles containing over 10 percent by weight
of sugar described in additional U.S. note 3 to
chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

1901.10.76

00

Other6/...........................................................

kg..............

23.7¢/kg +
8.5%1/

1901.10.91

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

27.9¢/kg +

10%

20%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)
See 9822.03.01

(MA)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.20

1901.20.02

00

1901.20.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
19-9

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Mixes and doughs for the preparation of bakers' wares of
heading 1905:

Containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not
put up for retail sale:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S.
note 1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

1901.20.15

00

Other4/...........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

42.3¢/kg +8.5%1/

49.8¢/kg
+10%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

IV
19-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.20
(con.)

1901.20.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Mixes and doughs for the preparation of bakers' wares of
heading 1905: (con.)

Containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not
put up for retail sale: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions..............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

1901.20.25

00

Other7/....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

42.3¢/kg +
8.5%1/

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

49.8¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
19-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.20
(con.)

1901.20.30

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Mixes and doughs for the preparation of bakers' wares of
heading 1905: (con.)

Containing over 25 percent by weight of butterfat, not
put up for retail sale: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Mixes and doughs described in additional
U.S. note 1 to chapter 19:

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

1901.20.35

00

Other8/....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

42.3¢/kg +
8.5%1/

Free (A, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

49.8¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

1901.20.40

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

8.5%1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Mixes and doughs for the preparation of bakers' wares of
heading 1905: (con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

10%1/

IV
19-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.20
(con.)

1901.20.42

00

1901.20.45

00

Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S.
note 1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

42.3¢/kg +
8.5%1/

1901.20.50

00

Other4/...........................................................

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

49.8¢/kg +

10%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
19-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.20
(con.)

1901.20.55

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Mixes and doughs for the preparation of bakers' wares of
heading 1905: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions..............................................

kg..............

10%1/

1901.20.60

00

Other7/....................................................

kg..............

42.3¢/kg +
8.5%1/

1901.20.65

00

Mixes and doughs described in additional
U.S. note 1 to chapter 19:

Described in additional U.S. note 3 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............

10%1/

1901.20.70

00

Other8/....................................................

kg..............

42.3¢/kg +
8.5%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

49.8¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

49.8¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

IV
19-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.20
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Mixes and doughs for the preparation of bakers' wares of
heading 1905: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

1901.20.80

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

1901.90

Other:

Malt extract:

1901.90.10

00

Fluid...........................................................................

liters..........

3.2¢/liter1/

1901.90.20

00

Solid or condensed...................................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

1901.90.25

00

1901.90.28

00

Puddings ready for immediate consumption without
further preparation...........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Dry mixtures containing less than 31 percent by weight
of butterfat and consisting of not less than 17.5 percent
by weight each of sodium caseinate, butterfat, whey
solids containing over 5.5 percent by weight of
butterfat, and dried whole milk, but not containing dried
milk, dried whey or dried buttermilk any of which
contain 5.5 percent or less by weight of butterfat........

kg..............
kg cmsc

0.37¢/kg1/

1901.90.32

00

Cajeta not made from cow's milk..................................

kg..............

11.2%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

26¢/liter

60%

30%

12.1¢/kg

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
19-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.90
(con.)

1901.90.33

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Margarine cheese:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

10%1/

1901.90.34

00

Described in additional U.S. note 23 to chapter 4
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

1901.90.36

00

Other9/........................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.128/kg1/

20%

20%

$1.328/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PE, SG)

See 9823.04.01-
9823.04.54 (S+)
See 9908.04.05 (IL)
See 9918.04.50-

9918.04.59 (CO)

See 9919.04.50,
9919.04.57,
9919.04.67 (PA)

IV
19-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

1901.90
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note
1 to chapter 4:

Dairy preparations containing over 10 percent
by weight of milk solids:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

16%1/

1901.90.60

00

1901.90.61

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

16%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.035/kg
+13.6%10/

1901.90.62

00

Other4/...........................................................

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.217/kg +

16%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
19-17

2

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

1901.90
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

1901.90.63

00

1901.90.64

00

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note
1 to chapter 4: (con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

16%1/

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

16%1/

1901.90.65

00

Other4/...........................................................

kg..............

$1.035/kg +
13.6%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.217/kg +

16%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
19-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

1901.90
(con.)

1901.90.66

00

1901.90.67

00

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

10%1/

Other:

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions..............................................

kg..............

10%1/

1901.90.68

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

23.7¢/kg +
8.5%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

27.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1901 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
19-19

2

Malt extract; food preparations of flour, groats, meal, starch or
malt extract, not containing cocoa or containing less than 40
percent by weight of cocoa calculated on a totally defatted
basis, not elsewhere specified or included; food preparations
of goods of headings 0401 to 0404, not containing cocoa or
containing less than 5 percent by weight of cocoa calculated
on a totally defatted basis, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

1901.90
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

1901.90.69

00

Articles containing over 10 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional
U.S. note 3 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to
chapter pursuant to its provisions......

kg..............

10%1/

1901.90.71

00

Other6/....................................................

kg..............

23.7¢/kg +
8.5%1/

1901.90.72

00

Other:

Containing over 5.5 percent by weight
of butterfat and not packaged for retail
sale.........................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10.2%1/

1901.90.91

Other......................................................

..................

6.4%11/

82

85

95

Corn-soya milk blends..................

Wheat-flour-soya blends...............

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

20%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

27.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

20%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR , MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
19-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1902

1902.11
1902.11.20

10

20

30
90

1902.11.40

00

1902.19
1902.19.20

10

20

30
90

1902.19.40

00

Pasta, whether or not cooked or stuffed (with meat or other
substances) or otherwise prepared, such as spaghetti,
macaroni, noodles, lasagna, gnocchi, ravioli, cannelloni;
couscous, whether or not prepared:

Uncooked pasta, not stuffed or otherwise prepared:

Containing eggs:

Exclusively pasta......................................................
Product of a European Union (EU) country:

..................

Free1/

Subject to the Inward Processing Regime
(IPR).............................................................

kg

Subject to the EU reduced export refund
in accordance with the US-EU Pasta
agreement....................................................

Other.............................................................

Product of a country other than an EU
country................................................................

Other, including pasta packaged with sauce
preparations..............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

6.4%1/

Other:

Exclusively pasta......................................................
Product of a European Union (EU) Country:

..................

Free11/

Subject to the Inward Processing Regime
(IPR).............................................................

kg

Subject to the EU reduced export refund
in accordance with the US-EU Pasta
agreement....................................................

Other.............................................................

Product of a country other than an EU
country................................................................

Other, including pasta packaged with sauce
preparations..............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

6.4%11/

1902.20.00

Stuffed pasta, whether or not cooked or otherwise
prepared..................................................................................

..................

6.4%11/

1902.30.00

20

40

60

20

40

60

Canned.............................................................................

kg

Other:

Frozen........................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other pasta.............................................................................

kg
..................

6.4%11/

Canned.............................................................................

kg

Other:

Frozen........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

6.6¢/kg

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

20%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1902 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
19-21

2

Pasta, whether or not cooked or stuffed (with meat or other
substances) or otherwise prepared, such as spaghetti,
macaroni, noodles, lasagna, gnocchi, ravioli, cannelloni;
couscous, whether or not prepared: (con.)

1902.40.00

00

Couscous................................................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

1903.00

Tapioca and substitutes therefor prepared from starch, in the
form of flakes, grains, pearls, siftings or in similar forms:

1903.00.20

00

Of arrowroot, cassava or sago.............................................

kg..............

1903.00.40

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

0.8¢/kg1/

1904

1904.10.00

Prepared foods obtained by the swelling or roasting of cereals
or cereal products (for example, cornflakes); cereals (other
than corn (maize)) in grain form or in the form of flakes or other
worked grains (except flour, groats and meal), pre-cooked or
otherwise prepared, not elsewhere specified or included:

Prepared foods obtained by the swelling or roasting of
cereals or cereal products.....................................................

40

80

1904.20

1904.20.10

00

Containing cane and/or beet sugar...............................

Other.................................................................................
Prepared foods obtained from unroasted cereal flakes or
from mixtures of unroasted cereal flakes and roasted cereal
flakes or swelled cereals:

In airtight containers and not containing apricots, citrus
fruits, peaches or pears..................................................

..................

1.1%1/

kg

kg

kg..............

5.6%1/

1904.20.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

14.9%1/

1904.30.00

00

Bulgur wheat...........................................................................

kg..............

14%1/

1904.90.01

Other........................................................................................

..................

14%1/

20

40

Frozen...............................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

3.3¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
19-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

1905

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Bread, pastry, cakes, biscuits and other bakers' wares, whether
or not containing cocoa; communion wafers, empty capsules
of a kind suitable for pharmaceutical use, sealing wafers, rice
paper and similar products:

1905.10.00

00

Crispbread..............................................................................

kg..............

1905.20.00

00

Gingerbread and the like.......................................................

kg..............

1905.31.00

Sweet biscuits..................................................................

..................

Sweet biscuits; waffles and wafers:

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

1905.32.00

1905.40.00

1905.90
1905.90.10

1905.90.90

21

29

41

49

21

29

41

49
00

41

49

50

70

90

30

60

90

Frozen:

Containing peanuts or peanut products..........

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Containing peanuts or peanut products..........

kg

Other...................................................................
Waffles and wafers..........................................................

kg
..................

Free1/

Frozen:

Containing peanuts or peanut products..........

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Containing peanuts or peanut products..........

kg

Other...................................................................
Rusks, toasted bread and similar toasted products..........

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Bread, pastry, cakes, biscuits and similar baked
products, and puddings, whether or not containing
chocolate, fruit, nuts or confectionery...........................

..................

Free11/

Frozen:

Pastries, cakes and similar sweet baked
products; puddings............................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Pastries, cakes and similar sweet baked
products; puddings............................................

Bread...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

4.5%1/

Corn chips and similar crisp savory snack foods..

Pizza and quiche......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
Endnotes--page 19 - 23

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See subheadings 9904.19.01-9904.19.10.
3/ See 9903.19.19 and 9903.88.15.
4/ See subheadings 9904.04.50-9904.05.01.
5/ See 9903.19.20 and 9903.88.15.
6/ See subheadings 9904.17.49-9904.17.65.
7/ See subheadings 9904.17.17-9904.17.48.
8/ See subheadings 9904.19.11-9904.19.19.
9/ See subheadings 9904.06.29-9904.06.37.
10/ See 9903.19.23 and 9903.88.15.
11/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 20

PREPARATIONS OF VEGETABLES, FRUIT, NUTS
OR OTHER PARTS OF PLANTS

IV
20-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Vegetables, fruit or nuts, prepared or preserved by the processes specified in chapter 7, 8 or 11;

(b) Vegetable fats and oils (Chapter 15);

(c) Food preparations containing more than 20 percent by weight of sausage, meat, meat offal, blood, insects, fish or crustaceans,

molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, or any combination thereof (chapter 16);

(d) Bakers' wares and other products of heading 1905; or

(e) Homogenized composite food preparations of heading 2104.

2. Headings 2007 and 2008 do not apply to fruit jellies, fruit pastes, sugar-coated almonds or the like in the form of sugar confectionery

(heading 1704) or chocolate confectionery (heading 1806).

3. Heading 2001, 2004 and 2005 cover, as the case may be, only those products of chapter 7 or of heading 1105 or 1106 (other

than flour, meal and powder of the products of chapter 8), which have been prepared or preserved by processes other than those
referred to in note 1(a).

4.

5.

6.

Tomato juice the dry weight content of which is 7 percent or more is to be classified in heading 2002.

For the purposes of heading 2007, the expression " obtained by cooking" means obtained by heat treatment at atmospheric
pressure or under reduced pressure to increase the viscosity of a product through reduction of water content or other means.

For the purposes of heading 2009 the expression "juices, unfermented and not containing added spirit" means juices of an
alcoholic strength by volume (see note 2 to chapter 22) not exceeding 0.5 percent vol.

Subheading Notes

1.

2.

3.

For the purposes of subheading 2005.10, the expression "homogenized vegetables" means preparations of vegetables, finely
homogenized, put up for retail sale as food suitable for infants or young children or for dietetic purposes, in containers of a net
weight content not exceeding 250 g. For the application of this definition no account is to be taken of small quantities of any
ingredients which may have been added to the preparation for seasoning, preservation or other purposes. These preparations
may contain a small quantity of visible pieces of vegetables. Subheading 2005.10 takes precedence over all other subheadings
of heading 2005.

For the purposes of subheading 2007.10, the expression "homogenized preparations" means preparations of fruit, finely
homogenized, put up for retail sale as food suitable for infants or young children or for dietetic purposes, in containers of a net
weight content not exceeding 250 g. For the application of this definition no account is to be taken of small quantities of any
ingredients which may have been added to the preparation for seasoning, preservation or other purposes. These preparations
may contain a small quantity of visible pieces of fruit. Subheading 2007.10 takes precedence over all other subheadings of
heading 2007.

For the purposes of subheadings 2009.12, 2009.21, 2009.31, 2009.41, 2009.61 and 2009.71, the expression " Brix value" means
the direct reading of degrees Brix obtained from a Brix hydrometer or of refractive index expressed in terms of percentage sucrose
content obtained from a refractometer, at a temperature of 20 °C or corrected for 20 °C if the reading is made at a different
temperature.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of heading 2009:

(a) The term "liter" in the "Rates of Duty" column of the provisions applicable to fruit juices means liter of natural unconcentrated

fruit juice or liter of reconstituted fruit juice;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
20-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(b) The term "reconstituted fruit juice" means the product which can be obtained by mixing the imported concentrate with water in
such proportion that the product will have a Brix value equal to that found by the Secretary of the Treasury from time to time to
be the average Brix value of like natural unconcentrated juice in the trade and commerce of the United States; and

(c) The term "Brix value" means the refractometric sucrose value of the juice, adjusted to compensate for the effect of any added

sweetening materials, and thereafter corrected for acid.

2.

3.

4.

5.

In determining the number of liters of reconstituted fruit juice which can be obtained from a concentrate, the degree of concentration
shall be calculated on a volume basis to the nearest 0.5 degree, as determined by the ratio of the Brix value of the imported
concentrated juice to that of the reconstituted juice, corrected for differences of specific gravity of the juices. Any juice having a
degree of concentration of less than 1.5 (as determined before correction to the nearest 0.5 degree) shall be regarded as a natural
unconcentrated juice.

In determining the degree of concentration of mixed fruit juices, the mixture shall be considered as being wholly of the component
juice having the lowest Brix value.

The aggregate quantity of olives entered under subheadings 0711.20.18 and 2005.70.06 in any calendar year shall not exceed
4,400 metric tons.

The aggregate quantity of peanut butter and paste entered under subheading 2008.11.05 in any calendar year shall not exceed the
quantities specified in this note (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included under the aforementioned quantitative
limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Canada
Argentina
Countries or territories identified
in additional U.S. note 6 to this
chapter combined (aggregate)

Other countries or areas

Quantity
(metric tons)

14,500
3,650

1,600
250

Imports of peanut butter and paste under this note are subject to regulations as may be issued by the United States Trade
Representative or other designated agency.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
20-3

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

6.

The expression "Countries or territories identified in additional U.S. note 6 to this chapter" means that those countries listed below
shall be eligible to enter, in the aggregate, the quantity specified in additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter:

Albania
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Aruba
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia-Hercegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island (in the Indian

Ocean)

Cocos (Keeling) Island
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic

Statistical Notes

Dominica
Dominican Republic
Djibouti
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Ethiopia
Estonia
Falkland Islands
French Polynesia
Fiji
Gabon
Gambia, The
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greenland
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Israel

Lesotho
Liberia
Lithuania
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldive Islands
Mali
Malta and Gozo
Mauritania
Mauritius
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Macedonia
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea

Rwanda
St. Helena
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Sao Tome and Principe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau Islands
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
Uruguay

Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon

Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Republic of South Africa
Republic of Yemen
Romania
Russia

Vanuatu
Venezuela
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Western Samoa
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe

1.

2.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 2005.70.2542 and 2005.70.2570, the term "Spanish style" refers to green olives
that are processed by being fermented and cured but does not include olives processed by being heat sterilized under pressure
and brined.

For the purposes of statistical reporting in heading 2009, the term "liters" in the "Units of Quantity" column of the provisions
applicable to fruit juices means liters of natural unconcentrated juice or liters of reconstituted juice (as defined in additional U.S.
note 1(b) above).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
20-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2001

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Vegetables, fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants,
prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid:

2001.10.00

00

Cucumbers including gherkins.............................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

2001.90

2001.90.10

00

Other:

Capers:

In immediate containers holding more than 3.4
kg................................................................................

kg..............

8%2/

2001.90.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

8%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
20-5

Vegetables, fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants,
prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Vegetables:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2001 (con.)

2001.90
(con.)

2001.90.25

00

Artichokes...........................................................

kg..............

10.2%1/

2001.90.30

00

Beans..................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

2001.90.33

00

Nopalitos.............................................................

kg..............

7.7%2/

2001.90.34

00

Onions.................................................................

kg..............

3.6%1/

2001.90.35

00

Pimientos (Capsicum anuum)..........................

kg..............

8.1%1/

2001.90.38

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

2001.90.42

00

Chestnuts, other than Chinese water chestnuts....

kg..............

4.9¢/kg1/

2001.90.45

00

Mangoes....................................................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

2001.90.48

00

Chinese water chestnuts.........................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

2001.90.50

00

Walnuts......................................................................

kg..............

7¢/kg1/

2001.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

14%1/

35%

35%

35%

35%

38.5%

35%

55¢/kg

33¢/kg

35%

33¢/kg

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
20-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2002

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tomatoes prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar
or acetic acid:

2002.10.00

Tomatoes, whole or in pieces...............................................

..................

12.5%1/

20

80

00

2002.90
2002.90.40

In containers holding less than 1.4 kg...........................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

In powder..........................................................................

kg..............

11.6%1/

2002.90.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

11.6%1/

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40
50

Paste:

In containers holding less than 1.4 kg.............

Other...................................................................

Puree:

In containers holding less than 1.4 kg.............

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

2003

Mushrooms and truffles, prepared or preserved otherwise than
by vinegar or acetic acid:

2003.10.01

Mushrooms of the genus Agaricus.......................................

..................

6¢/kg on drained
weight + 8.5%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg on
drained
weight + 45%

27

31

37

43

47

53

00

10

90

2003.90
2003.90.10

2003.90.80

In containers each holding not more than 255 g:

Whole (including buttons)........................................

Sliced.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

In containers each holding more than 255 g:

Whole (including buttons)........................................

Sliced.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Truffles..............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

..................

6¢/kg on drained
weight + 8.5%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Straw mushrooms.....................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Free

22¢/kg on
drained
weight + 45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
20-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2004

2004.10
2004.10.40

00

Other vegetables prepared or preserved otherwise than by
vinegar or acetic acid, frozen, other than products of heading
2006:

Potatoes:

Yellow (Solano) potatoes...............................................

kg..............

6.4%2/

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg on
entire
contents of
container

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2004.10.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

8%1/

20

40

00

2004.90
2004.90.10

French fries...............................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other vegetables and mixtures of vegetables:

kg

kg

Antipasto..........................................................................

kg..............

3.2%2/

2004.90.80

00

Beans................................................................................

kg..............

2.1¢/kg on entire

contents of
container1/

2004.90.85

Other.................................................................................

..................

11.2%1/

20

40

60

65

75

85
95

Carrots.......................................................................

Sweet corn................................................................

Peas...........................................................................

Garlic:

Peeled clove garlic, whether or not individually
quick frozen........................................................

Garlic, reduced in size beyond the clove,
whether or not individually quick frozen..........

Other...................................................................
Other, including mixtures.........................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
20-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2005

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other vegetables prepared or preserved otherwise than by
vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen, other than products of
heading 2006:

2005.10.00

00

Homogenized vegetables......................................................

kg..............

11.2%2/

2005.20.00

Potatoes..................................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

Potato chips.....................................................................

Potato granules................................................................

kg

kg

Other.................................................................................
Peas (Pisum sativum)............................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg on
entire
contents of
container

Beans (Vigna spp., Phaseolus spp.):

Beans, shelled:

Black-eye cowpeas..................................................

..................

1.5¢/kg on entire

contents of
container1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg on
entire
contents of
container

Canned dried......................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

2.1¢/kg on entire

contents of
container1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg on
entire
contents of
container

Canned dried......................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.5¢/kg on entire

contents of
container1/

6.6¢/kg on
entire
contents of
container

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2005.60.00

00

Asparagus...............................................................................

kg..............

14.9%1/

20

40

70
00

20

40

20

40
00

2005.40.00

2005.51
2005.51.20

2005.51.40

2005.59.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
20-9

Other vegetables prepared or preserved otherwise than by
vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen, other than products of
heading 2006: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2005 (con.)

2005.70

Olives:

In a saline solution:
Green in color:
Not pitted:

2005.70.02

2005.70.04

30

60

30

60

2005.70.06

00

Ripe, in containers each holding less than
13 kg, drained weight:

In an aggregate quantity not to exceed
730 metric tons entered in any
calendar year........................................

..................

5.4¢/kg on
drained weight2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7.4¢/kg on
drained
weight

In containers each holding more
than 8 kg, drained weight.............

kg

In containers each holding 8 kg or
less drained weight.......................
Other......................................................

kg
..................

In containers each holding more
than 8 kg, drained weight.............

In containers each holding 8 kg or
less, drained weight......................

kg

kg

3.7¢/kg on
drained weight2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

7.4¢/kg on
drained
weight

Other:

In containers each holding more than
8 kg, drained weight, certified by the
importer to be used for repacking or
sale as green olives:

Described in additional U.S. note
4 to this chapter and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

kg..............

3.7¢/kg on
drained weight2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7.4¢/kg on
drained
weight

7.4¢/kg on
drained
weight

7.4¢/kg on
drained
weight

2005.70.08

00

Other...............................................

kg..............

2005.70.12

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

3.7¢/kg on
drained weight2/

3.7¢/kg on
drained weight2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
20-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2005 (con.)

2005.70
(con.)

2005.70.16

00

Other vegetables prepared or preserved otherwise than by
vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen, other than products of
heading 2006: (con.)
Olives: (con.)

In a saline solution: (con.)
Green in color: (con.)
Pitted or stuffed:

Place packed:

Stuffed, in containers each holding not
more than 1 kg, drained weight:

In an aggregate quantity not to
exceed 2,700 metric tons in any
calendar year.................................

kg..............

5.4¢/kg on
drained weight2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10.8¢/kg on
drained
weight

10.8¢/kg on
drained
weight

10.8¢/kg on
drained
weight

10.8¢/kg on
drained
weight

2005.70.18

00

Other...............................................

kg..............

2005.70.23

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

2005.70.25

Other.............................................................

..................

6.9¢/kg on
drained weight2/

6.9¢/kg on
drained weight2/

8.6¢/kg on
drained weight1/

10

20

30

42

46
50

70

80

In containers each holding more than
8 kg, drained weight:

Whole pitted...................................

Whole stuffed.................................

Other, including broken, sliced or
salad style.......................................
In containers each holding 8 kg or less,
drained weight:

Whole pitted:

Spanish style of a kind
described in statistical note 1
to this chapter..........................

Other........................................
Whole stuffed.................................

Other, including broken, sliced or
salad style:

Spanish style of a kind
described in statistical note 1
to this chapter..........................

Other........................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2005 (con.)

2005.70
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-11

2

Other vegetables prepared or preserved otherwise than by
vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen, other than products of
heading 2006: (con.)
Olives: (con.)

In a saline solution: (con.)
Not green in color:
Canned:

2005.70.50

Not pitted......................................................

..................

2005.70.60

30

60

20

30

50

60

70

In containers each holding more than
0.3 kg, drained weight.........................

kg

In containers each holding 0.3 kg or
less, drained weight.............................
Other.............................................................

kg
..................

Whole pitted:

In containers each holding more
than 0.3 kg, drained weight..........

In containers each holding 0.3 kg
or less, drained weight..................
Sliced.....................................................

Chopped or minced..............................

Other, including wedged or broken.....

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

9.3¢/kg on
drained weight2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11.6¢/kg on
drained
weight

10.1¢/kg on
drained weight1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11.9¢/kg on
drained
weight

2005.70.70

00

In airtight containers of glass or metal......

kg..............

Other than canned:

2005.70.75

Other.............................................................

..................

9.9¢/kg on
drained weight1/

4.3¢/kg on
drained weight1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11.6¢/kg on
drained
weight

10¢/kg on
drained
weight

10

15

20

25

Whole pitted..........................................

Sliced.....................................................

Chopped or minced..............................

Other, including wedged or broken.....

kg

kg

kg

kg

IV
20-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2005 (con.)

2005.70
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other vegetables prepared or preserved otherwise than by
vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen, other than products of
heading 2006: (con.)
Olives: (con.)

Otherwise prepared or preserved:

Green, in containers each holding less than 13 kg,
drained weight:

2005.70.91

00

In an aggregate quantity not to exceed 550
metric tons in any calendar year......................

kg..............

2005.70.93

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

2005.70.97

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5¢/kg on
drained weight2/

8.8¢/kg on
drained weight2/

8.8¢/kg on
drained weight1/

2005.80.00

00

Sweet corn (Zea mays var. saccharata)..............................

kg..............

5.6%1/

11¢/kg on
drained
weight

11¢/kg on
drained
weight

11¢/kg on
drained
weight

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2005 (con.)

2005.91
2005.91.60

00

Other vegetables prepared or preserved otherwise than by
vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen, other than products of
heading 2006: (con.)

Other vegetables and mixtures of vegetables:

Bamboo Shoots:

In airtight containers.................................................

kg..............

2005.91.97

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

11.2%1/

2005.99
2005.99.10

00

Other:

Carrots in airtight containers...................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

2005.99.20

00

Onions........................................................................

kg..............

4.5%1/

2005.99.30

00

Sauerkraut.................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

2005.99.41

2005.99.50

2005.99.55

2005.99.80

10

20

20

40

10

90
00

Water chestnuts, other than Chinese water
chestnuts...................................................................
Sliced..................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Whole..................................................................
Fruits of the genus Capsicum (peppers) or of the
genus Pimenta (e.g., allspice):

kg

Pimientos (Capsicum anuum)..........................

..................

8.1%1/

In containers each holding not more than
227 g.............................................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

14.9%1/

Sweet bell-type peppers............................

kg

Other.............................................................
Artichokes..................................................................

kg
kg..............

14.9%1/

2005.99.85

00

Chickpeas (garbanzos)............................................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg on entire

contents of
container1/

2005.99.97

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

11.2%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

50%

35%

38.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg on
entire
contents of
container

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
20-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2006.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Vegetables, fruit, nuts, fruit-peel and other parts of plants
preserved by sugar (drained, glacé or crystallized):

2006.00.20

00

Cherries...................................................................................

kg..............

9.9¢/kg + 6.4%1/

2006.00.30

00

Ginger root..............................................................................

kg..............

2.4%1/

2006.00.40

00

Pineapples..............................................................................

kg..............

2.1%1/

2006.00.50

00

Mixtures............................................................................

kg..............

16%1/

Other, including mixtures:

2006.00.60

00

Citrus fruit; peel of citrus or other fruit....................

kg..............

6¢/kg1/

Other:

2006.00.70

00

Other fruit and nuts...................................................

kg..............

8%1/

2006.00.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

16%1/

20.9¢/kg +

40%

20%

35%

20%

17.6¢/kg

40%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2007

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Jams, fruit jellies, marmalades, fruit or nut pureé and fruit or
nut pastes, obtained by cooking, whether or not containing
added sugar or other sweetening matter:

IV
20-15

2

2007.10.00

00

Homogenized preparations...................................................

kg..............

12%1/

2007.91
2007.91.10

00

Other:

Citrus fruit:

Pastes and pureés....................................................

kg..............

11.2%1/

2007.91.40

00

Orange marmalade..................................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

2007.91.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.5%2/

2007.99

Other:

Jams:

2007.99.05

00

Lingonberry and raspberry...............................

kg..............

1.8%1/

2007.99.10

00

Strawberry..........................................................

kg..............

2.2%1/

2007.99.15

00

Currant and other berry.....................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

2007.99.20

00

Apricot.................................................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

2007.99.25

00

Cherry..................................................................

kg..............

4.5%1/

2007.99.30

00

2007.99.35

00

Guava..................................................................

kg..............

Peach..................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

7%1/

2007.99.40

00

Pineapple............................................................

kg..............

4%1/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

20.9¢/kg +

40%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
20-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2007 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Jams, fruit jellies, marmalades, fruit or nut pureé and fruit or
nut pastes, obtained by cooking, whether or not containing
added sugar or other sweetening matter: (con.)

2007.99
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Jams: (con.)

2007.99.45

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.6%1/

2007.99.48

00

Apple, quince and pear.....................................

kg..............

12%1/

Pastes and purees:

2007.99.50

Guava and mango.............................................

..................

1.3%1/

10

20
00

2007.99.55

Guava...........................................................

kg

Mango..........................................................
Papaya................................................................

kg
kg..............

14%2/

2007.99.60

00

Strawberry..........................................................

kg..............

12%1/

2007.99.65

Other...................................................................

..................

10%1/

10

25

35

Red Raspberry............................................

Peach...........................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

Fruit jellies:

2007.99.70

00

Currant and berry...............................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

2007.99.75

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2008

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-17

2

Fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants, otherwise prepared
or preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter or spirit, not elsewhere specified or included:
Nuts, peanuts (ground-nuts) and other seeds, whether or
not mixed together:

2008.11

00

Peanuts (ground-nuts):

Peanut butter and paste:

2008.11.02

00

2008.11.05

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

2008.11.15

00

Other3/.................................................................

kg..............

131.8%1/

2008.11.43

00

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

6.6¢/kg1/

2008.11.46

00

Described in additional U.S. note 2 to chapter
12 and entered pursuant to its provisions.......

kg..............

6.6¢/kg1/

2008.11.61

00

Other4/.................................................................

kg..............

131.8%2/

15¢/kg

15¢/kg

155%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15¢/kg

155%

Free (A*, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

See 9908.12.01 (IL)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
20-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2008 (con.)

2008.19
2008.19.10

2008.19.15

20

40
00

Fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants, otherwise prepared
or preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter or spirit, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Nuts, peanuts (ground-nuts) and other seeds, whether or
not mixed together: (con.)

Other, including mixtures:

Brazil nuts and cashews..........................................
Brazil nuts...........................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Cashews.............................................................
Coconuts...................................................................

kg
kg..............

1%1/

2008.19.20

00

Filberts.......................................................................

kg..............

11.3¢/kg1/

2008.19.25

00

Pecans.......................................................................

kg..............

9.9¢/kg1/

2008.19.30

Pignolia and pistachios............................................

..................

1¢/kg1/

10

20
00

2008.19.40

Pignolia...............................................................

kg

Pistachios...........................................................
Almonds.....................................................................

kg
kg..............

32.6¢/kg1/

2008.19.50

00

Watermelon seeds....................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

2008.19.85

00

Mixtures..............................................................

kg..............

22.4%1/

Other, including mixtures:

2008.19.90

Other...................................................................

..................

17.9%1/

2008.20.00

10

90

10

90

Macadamia nuts..........................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Pineapples..............................................................................

kg
..................

0.35¢/kg1/

Containing cane and/or beet sugar...............................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

10¢/kg

20%

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

11¢/kg

40.8¢/kg

20%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2008 (con.)

2008.30

2008.30.10

00

Fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants, otherwise prepared
or preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter or spirit, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Citrus fruit:
Peel:

Of oranges, mandarins (including tangerines and
satsumas), clementines, wilkings and similar citrus
hybrids.......................................................................

kg..............

2¢/kg1/

2008.30.20

00

Of lemons..................................................................

kg..............

4.2¢/kg1/

2008.30.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

11.3¢/kg1/

2008.30.35

00

Orange.......................................................................

kg..............

11.2%2/

Pulp:

2008.30.37

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.8%2/

17.6¢/kg

17.6¢/kg

17.6¢/kg

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
20-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2008 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants, otherwise prepared
or preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter or spirit, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

2008.30
(con.)

Citrus fruit: (con.)

Other:

2008.30.40

00

Oranges.....................................................................

kg..............

1.4¢/kg1/

Mandarins (including tangerines and satsumas);
clementines, wilkings and similar citrus hybrids:

Mandarins:

Satsumas, in airtight containers:

For an aggregate quantity entered in
any calendar year not to exceed
40,000 metric tons...............................
Containing cane and/or beet
sugar...............................................

..................

Free1/

kg

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

kg
kg..............

0.28¢/kg1/

2008.30.42

10

90
00

2008.30.46

2008.30.48

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

0.28¢/kg1/

2008.30.55

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

1.4¢/kg1/

2008.30.60

00

Lemons...............................................................

kg..............

0.8¢/kg2/

Lemons (Citrus limon, Citrus limonum) and limes
(Citrus aurantifolia, Citrus latifolia):

2008.30.66

00

Limes...................................................................

kg..............

14%2/

2008.30.70

00

Grapefruit..................................................................

kg..............

1.1¢/kg1/

2008.30.80

00

Kumquats..................................................................

kg..............

0.55¢/kg1/

2008.30.85

00

Citron..........................................................................

kg..............

14%2/

2.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,

2.2¢/kg

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

35%

3.3¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2008 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-21

2

Fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants, otherwise prepared
or preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter or spirit, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

2008.30
(con.)

Citrus fruit: (con.)

Other: (con.)

2008.30.96

00

Other, including bergamots.....................................

kg..............

14%1/

2008.40.00

Pears.......................................................................................

..................

15.3%1/

20

40

00

2008.50
2008.50.20

In containers each holding less than 1.4 kg.................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Apricots:

Pulp...................................................................................

kg..............

10%1/

2008.50.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

29.8%1/

2008.60.00

Cherries...................................................................................

..................

6.9¢/kg + 4.5%1/

20

40

60

20

40

20

40
00

2008.70
2008.70.10

2008.70.20

2008.80.00

Maraschino......................................................................

kg

Other:

Sweet varieties.........................................................

Tart varieties.............................................................

kg

kg

Peaches, including nectarines:

Nectarines........................................................................

..................

16%1/

In containers each holding less than 1.4 kg..........

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other peaches.................................................................

kg
..................

17%1/

In containers each holding less than 1.4 kg..........

kg

Other..........................................................................
Strawberries...........................................................................

kg
kg..............

11.9%1/

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

35%

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

21¢/kg + 40%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

35%

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
20-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2008 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants, otherwise prepared
or preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter or spirit, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Other, including mixtures other than those of subheading
2008.19:

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

35%

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2008.91.00

00

Palm hearts......................................................................

kg..............

0.9%2/

2008.93.00

00

Cranberries (Vaccinium macrocarpon, Vaccinium
oxycoccos); lingonberries (Vaccinium, vitis-idaea)......

kg..............

4.5%1/

2008.97
2008.97.10

Mixtures:

In airtight containers and not containing apricots,
citrus fruits, peaches or pears.................................

..................

5.6%1/

2008.97.90

20

40

30

35

40

50

92

94

Prepared cereal products.................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

14.9%1/

Packed in a liquid medium in airtight
containers:

Containing peaches or pears:

In containers each holding less than
1.4 kg.....................................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Containing oranges or grapefruit........

Other......................................................

Other:

Prepared cereal products..........................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-23

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2008 (con.)

2008.99
2008.99.05

00

Fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants, otherwise prepared
or preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter or spirit, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Other, including mixtures other than those of subheading
2008.19: (con.)
Other:

Apples........................................................................

kg..............

0.9¢/kg1/

2008.99.10

Avocados...................................................................

..................

10.6¢/kg2/

10

90

Certified organic.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Bananas:

2008.99.13

00

Pulp.....................................................................

kg..............

3.4%2/

2008.99.15

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

0.8%1/

2008.99.18

Blueberries.........................................................

..................

2.2%1/

Berries:

10

90

20

40
00

2008.99.21

2008.99.23

Wild blueberries, canned...........................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

4.5%1/

Red Raspberries.........................................

Other.............................................................
Cashew apples, mameyes colorados, sapodillas,
soursops and sweetsops.........................................

kg

kg

kg..............

1.3%1/

2008.99.25

00

Dates..........................................................................

kg..............

22.4%1/

2008.99.28

00

Figs.............................................................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

5.5¢/kg

33¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
20-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2008 (con.)

2008.99
(con.)
2008.99.29

00

Fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants, otherwise prepared
or preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter or spirit, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Other, including mixtures other than those of subheading
2008.19: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Grapes.......................................................................

kg..............

7%1/

2008.99.30

00

Guavas.......................................................................

kg..............

2008.99.35

00

Lychees and longans...............................................

kg..............

Free1/

7%1/

2008.99.40

00

Mangoes....................................................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg1/

2008.99.45

00

Pulp.....................................................................

kg..............

14%2/

Papayas:

2008.99.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

1.8%1/

2008.99.60

00

Plums (including prune plums and sloes)..............

kg..............

11.2%1/

2008.99.61

00

Soybeans...................................................................

kg..............

3.8%1/

2008.99.63

00

Sweet ginger.............................................................

kg..............

4.4%1/

2008.99.65

00

Cassava (manioc)....................................................

kg..............

7.9%2/

2008.99.70

00

Frozen.................................................................

kg..............

11.2%1/

Chinese water chestnuts:

2008.99.71

10

20

Other...................................................................
Sliced............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Whole...........................................................

kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

33¢/kg

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2008 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-25

2

Fruit, nuts and other edible parts of plants, otherwise prepared
or preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter or spirit, not elsewhere specified or included:
(con.)

Other, including mixtures other than those of subheading
2008.19: (con.)

2008.99
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

2008.99.80

00

Pulp.....................................................................

kg..............

9.6%1/

2008.99.91

Other...................................................................

..................

6%1/

10

50

55
95

Bean cake, bean stick, miso and similar
products.......................................................

Seaweed:

Certified organic...................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg
kg

2009

Fruit or nut juices (including grape must and coconut water)
and vegetable juices, unfermented and not containing added
spirit, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter:
Orange juice:

2009.11.00

Frozen...............................................................................

..................

7.85¢/liter1/

20

40

60

00

2009.12
2009.12.25

In containers each holding less than 0.946 liter.....

liters

In containers each holding 0.946 liter or more but
not more than 3.785 liters........................................

liters

In containers of more than 3.785 liters...................

liters

Not frozen, of a Brix value not exceeding 20:

Not concentrated and not made from a juice having
a degree of concentration of 1.5 or more (as
determined before correction to the nearest 0.5
degree).......................................................................

liters..........

4.5¢/liter2/

2009.12.45

00

Other..........................................................................

liters..........

7.85¢/liter2/

2009.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

liters..........

7.85¢/liter2/

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

18¢/liter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

18¢/liter

18¢/liter

18¢/liter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
20-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2009 (con.)

2009.21
2009.21.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fruit or nut juices (including grape must and coconut water)
and vegetable juices, unfermented and not containing added
spirit, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)

Grapefruit juice; pomelo juice:

Of a Brix value not exceeding 20:

Not concentrated and not made from a juice having
a degree of concentration of 1.5 or more (as
determined before correction to the nearest 0.5
degree).......................................................................

liters..........

4.5¢/ liter2/

2009.21.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.9¢/liter2/

2009.29.00

20

40

20

40

Frozen.................................................................

liters

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

liters
..................

7.9¢/liter1/

Frozen........................................................................

liters

Other..........................................................................

liters

18¢/liter

18¢/liter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

18¢/liter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-27

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2009 (con.)

2009.31

2009.31.10

2009.31.20

20

40

20

40

Fruit or nut juices (including grape must and coconut water)
and vegetable juices, unfermented and not containing added
spirit, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)

Juice of any other single citrus fruit:

Of a Brix value not exceeding 20:

Lime:

Unfit for beverage purposes.............................

..................

1.8¢/kg2/

Not concentrated.........................................

Concentrated...............................................

Other...................................................................

kg
liters

kg
liters
..................

1.7¢/liter1/

Not concentrated.........................................

liters

Concentrated...............................................

liters

Other:

2009.31.40

00

Not concentrated...............................................

liters..........

3.4¢/liter1/

2009.31.60

Concentrated......................................................

..................

7.9¢/liter1/

20

40
60

Lemon juice:

Frozen....................................................

liters

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

liters
liters

2009.39

Other:

Lime:

2009.39.10

00

Unfit for beverage purposes.............................

kg..............
liters

1.8¢/kg2/

2009.39.20

00

Other...................................................................

liters..........

1.7¢/liter2/

2009.39.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.9¢/liter1/

20

40
60

Lemon juice:

Frozen..........................................................

liters

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

liters
liters

11¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

18¢/liter

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

18¢/liter

18¢/liter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11¢/kg

18¢/liter

18¢/liter

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
20-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2009 (con.)

2009.41
2009.41.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fruit or nut juices (including grape must and coconut water)
and vegetable juices, unfermented and not containing added
spirit, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)
Pineapple juice:

Of a Brix value not exceeding 20:

Not concentrated, or having a degree of
concentration of not more than 3.5 (as determined
before correction to the nearest 0.5 degree).........

liters..........

4.2¢/liter2/

2009.41.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

1¢/liter1/

20

40

00

2009.49
2009.49.20

Frozen.................................................................

liters

Other...................................................................

liters

Other:

Not concentrated, or having a degree of
concentration of not more than 3.5 (as determined
before correction to the nearest 0.5 degree).........

liters..........

4.2¢/liter2/

2009.49.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

1¢/liter1/

2009.50.00

20

40

10

90

Frozen.................................................................

liters

Other...................................................................
Tomato juice...........................................................................

liters
..................

0.14¢/liter1/

In airtight containers........................................................

Other.................................................................................

liters
kg

liters
kg

18¢/liter

18¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

18¢/liter

18¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4¢/liter

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2009 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-29

2

Fruit or nut juices (including grape must and coconut water)
and vegetable juices, unfermented and not containing added
spirit, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)

Grape juice (including grape must):

2009.61.00

Of a Brix value not exceeding 30...................................

..................

4.4¢/liter2/

2009.69.00

20

40

60

40

60

Not concentrated......................................................

liters

Concentrated:

Frozen.................................................................

liters

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

liters
..................

4.4¢/liter1/

Frozen........................................................................

liters

Other..........................................................................

liters

26¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

26¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2009.71.00

00

Of a Brix value not exceeding 20...................................

Apple juice:

liters..........
kg

Free1/

2009.79.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

1.3¢/liter

1.3¢/liter

15

17

40

60

Frozen:

Certified organic.................................................

liters

Other...................................................................

liters

Other:

Certified organic.................................................

liters

Other...................................................................

liters

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
20-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2009 (con.)

2009.81.00

00

2009.89

2009.89.20

00

2009.89.40

00

Fruit or nut juices (including grape must and coconut water)
and vegetable juices, unfermented and not containing added
spirit, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)

Juice of any other single fruit, nut or vegetable:

Cranberry (Vaccinium macrocarpon, Vaccinium
oxycoccos) juice; lingonberry (Vaccinium, vitis-idaea)
juice...................................................................................

liters..........

0.5¢/liter2/

Other:

Fruit juice:

Pear juice............................................................

liters..........

Free1/

Prune juice..........................................................

liters..........

0.64¢/liter2/

18¢/liter

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

1.3¢/liter

18¢/liter

18¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

18¢/liter

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4¢/liter

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2009.89.65

Cherry Juice.......................................................

..................

0.5¢/liter1/

2009.89.70

2009.89.80

15

20

30

40
50

31

55

65
70

95

97
99

31

39

Tart cherry juice concentrate:

Certified organic...................................

liters

Other......................................................

liters

Tart cherry juice:

Certified organic...................................

liters

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

liters
liters
..................

0.5¢/liter1/

Berry juice:

Blueberry juice, including
concentrate...........................................

Red raspberry juice, including
concentrate...........................................

Other......................................................
Mango Juice................................................

liters

liters

liters
liters

Coconut water:

Certified organic...................................

liters

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Vegetable juice.........................................................

liters
liters
..................

0.2¢/liter1/

In airtight containers..........................................

Other...................................................................

liters
kg

liters
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
20-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2009 (con.)

2009.90
2009.90.20

00

Fruit or nut juices (including grape must and coconut water)
and vegetable juices, unfermented and not containing added
spirit, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter: (con.)
Mixtures of juices:

Vegetable.........................................................................

liters..........

0.2¢/liter2/

2009.90.40

00

Other.................................................................................

liters..........

7.4¢/liter1/

4¢/liter

18¢/liter

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
Endnotes--page 20 - 32
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See 9904.20.01-9904.20.10.
4/ See 9904.12.01-9904.12.19.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 21

MISCELLANEOUS EDIBLE PREPARATIONS

IV
21-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Mixed vegetables of heading 0712;

(b) Roasted coffee substitutes containing coffee in any proportion (heading 0901);

(c) Flavored tea (heading 0902);

(d) Spices or other products of headings 0904 to 0910;

(e) Food preparations, other than the products described in heading 2103 or 2104, containing more than 20 percent by weight
of sausage, meat, meat offal, blood, insects, fish or crustaceans, molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, or any combination
thereof (chapter 16);

(f) Products of heading 2404;

(g) Yeast put up as a medicament or other products of heading 3003 or 3004; or

(h) Prepared enzymes of heading 3507.

2. Extracts of the substitutes referred to in note 1(b) above are to be classified in heading 2101.

3.

For the purposes of heading 2104, the expression "homogenized composite food preparations" means preparations consisting
of a finely homogenized mixture of two or more basic ingredients such as meat, fish, vegetables, fruit or nuts, put up for retail
sale as food suitable for infants or young children or for dietetic purposes, in containers of a net weight content not exceeding
250 g. For the application of this definition, no account is to be taken of small quantities of any ingredients which may be added
to the mixture for seasoning, preservation or other purposes. Such preparations may contain a small quantity of visible pieces
of ingredients.

Additional U.S. Notes

1. Subheadings 2106.90.48, 2106.90.52 and 2106.90.54 cover vitamin or mineral fortified fruit or vegetable juices that are imported
only in concentrated form. Such juices imported in non-concentrated form are classifiable in subheadings 2202.99.30, 2202.99.35,
2202.99.36 and 2202.99.37, as appropriate.

2.

For the purposes of subheadings 2106.90.48, 2106.90.52 and 2106.90.54:

(a) The term "liter" in the "Rates of Duty" column of the provisions applicable to fruit juices means liter of reconstituted fruit juice;

(b) The term "reconstituted fruit juice" means the product which can be obtained by mixing the imported concentrate with water

in such proportion that the product will have a Brix value equal to that found by the Secretary of the Treasury from time to
time to be the average Brix value of like natural unconcentrated juice in the trade and commerce of the United States; and

(c) The term "Brix value" means the refractometric sucrose value of the juice, adjusted to compensate for the effect of any added

sweetening materials, and thereafter corrected for acid.

(d)

In determining the number of liters of reconstituted fruit juice which can be obtained from a concentrate, the degree of
concentration shall be calculated on a volume basis to the nearest 0.5 degree, as determined by the ratio of the Brix value
of the imported concentrated juice to that of the reconstituted juice, corrected for differences of specific gravity of the juices.
Any juice having a degree of concentration of less than 1.5 (as determined before correction to the nearest 0.5 degree) shall
be regarded as a natural unconcentrated juice; and

(e)

In determining the degree of concentration of mixed fruit juices, the mixture shall be considered as being wholly of the
component juice having the lowest Brix value.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
21-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

3.

4.

5.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "mixed condiments and mixed seasonings described in additional U.S. note 3 to this
chapter" means articles containing over 10 percent by dry weight of sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, whether or
not mixed with other ingredients, except (a) articles not principally of crystalline structure or not in dry amorphous form that are
prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which imported; or (b) cake decorations
and similar products to be used in the same condition as imported without any further processing other than the direct application
to individual pastries or confections, finely ground or masticated coconut meat or juice thereof mixed with those sugars, and
sauces and preparations therefor.

The aggregate quantity of mixed condiments and mixed seasonings described in additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter and
entered under subheading 2103.90.74 during the 12-month period from October 1 in any year to the following September 30,
inclusive, shall not exceed 689 metric tons (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included in the aforementioned
quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

The aggregate quantity of ice cream entered under subheading 2105.00.10 in any calendar year shall not exceed 5,667,846
liters (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included in the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such
articles shall be classifiable therein).

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note, the countries listed below shall have access to not less than the quantities
specified below:

Belgium
Denmark
Jamaica
Netherlands
New Zealand

Quantity (liters)

922,315
13,059
3,596
104,477
589,312

Statistical Note

1.

The unit of quantity "kg cmsc" (kilograms cows' milk solids content) includes all cows' milk components other than water.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
21-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2101

2101.11
2101.11.21

2101.11.29

26

29

31

39

41

49

Extracts, essences and concentrates, of coffee, tea or maté
and preparations with a basis of these products or with a basis
of coffee, tea or maté; roasted chicory and other roasted coffee
substitutes, and extracts, essences and concentrates thereof:
Extracts, essences and concentrates of coffee, and
preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or
concentrates or with a basis of coffee:

Extracts, essences and concentrates:

Instant coffee, not flavored......................................

..................

Free1/

Not decaffeinated:

Packaged for retail sale..............................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Decaffeinated:

Packaged for retail sale..............................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Packaged for retail sale....................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg

2101.12

2101.12.32

00

Preparations with a basis of extracts, essences or
concentrates or with a basis of coffee:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

10%1/

2101.12.34

00

Other:

Blended syrups described in additional U.S.
note 4 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

2101.12.38

00

Other2/...........................................................

kg..............

30.5¢/kg +
8.5%1/

Free

Free

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

35.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
21-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2101 (con.)

2101.12
(con.)

2101.12.44

00

Extracts, essences and concentrates, of coffee, tea or maté
and preparations with a basis of these products or with a basis
of coffee, tea or maté; roasted chicory and other roasted coffee
substitutes, and extracts, essences and concentrates thereof:
(con.)

Extracts, essences and concentrates of coffee, and
preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or
concentrates or with a basis of coffee: (con.)

Preparations with a basis of extracts, essences or
concentrates or with a basis of coffee: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional U.S.
note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

2101.12.48

00

Other3/...........................................................

kg..............

30.5¢/kg +
8.5%1/

2101.12.54

00

Articles containing over 10 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional U.S.
note 3 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

2101.12.58

00

Other4/...........................................................

kg..............

30.5¢/kg +
8.5%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

35.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

35.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
21-5

Extracts, essences and concentrates, of coffee, tea or maté
and preparations with a basis of these products or with a basis
of coffee, tea or maté; roasted chicory and other roasted coffee
substitutes, and extracts, essences and concentrates thereof:
(con.)

Extracts, essences and concentrates of coffee, and
preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or
concentrates or with a basis of coffee: (con.)

Preparations with a basis of extracts, essences or
concentrates or with a basis of coffee: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2101 (con.)

2101.12
(con.)

2101.12.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

2101.20

2101.20.20

10

90

Extracts, essences and concentrates, of tea or maté, and
preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or
concentrates or with a basis of tea or maté:

Extracts, essences and concentrates...........................
Instant tea..................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other:

2101.20.32

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

10%1/

2101.20.34

00

Other:

Blended syrups described in additional U.S.
note 4 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

2101.20.38

00

Other2/...........................................................

kg..............

30.5¢/kg +
8.5%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

35.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
21-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2101 (con.)

2101.20
(con.)

2101.20.44

00

Extracts, essences and concentrates, of coffee, tea or maté
and preparations with a basis of these products or with a basis
of coffee, tea or maté; roasted chicory and other roasted coffee
substitutes, and extracts, essences and concentrates thereof:
(con.)

Extracts, essences and concentrates, of tea or maté, and
preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or
concentrates or with a basis of tea or maté: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional U.S.
note 2 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

2101.20.48

00

Other3/...........................................................

kg..............

30.5¢/kg +
8.5%1/

2101.20.54

00

Articles containing over 10 percent by dry
weight of sugar described in additional U.S.
note 3 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to
chapter 17 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

2101.20.58

00

Other4/...........................................................

kg..............

30.5¢/kg +
8.5%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

35.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

20%

Free (A*, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

35.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2101 (con.)

2101.20
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
21-7

Extracts, essences and concentrates, of coffee, tea or maté
and preparations with a basis of these products or with a basis
of coffee, tea or maté; roasted chicory and other roasted coffee
substitutes, and extracts, essences and concentrates thereof:
(con.)

Extracts, essences and concentrates, of tea or maté, and
preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or
concentrates or with a basis of tea or maté: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

2101.20.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

8.5%1/

2101.30.00

00

Roasted chicory and other roasted coffee substitutes and
extracts, essences and concentrates thereof.....................

kg..............

2.1¢/kg1/

2102

Yeasts (active or inactive); other single-cell microorganisms,
dead (but not including vaccines of heading 3002); prepared
baking powders:

2102.10.00

00

Active yeasts..........................................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

2102.20
2102.20.20

00

Inactive yeasts; other single-cell microorganisms, dead:

Yeasts (except dried brewers' yeast)............................

kg..............

6.4%1/

2102.20.40

00

Dried brewers' yeast, crude...........................................

kg..............

2102.20.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.2%1/

2102.30.00

00

Prepared baking powders.....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free

25%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
21-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2103

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sauces and preparations therefore; mixed condiments and
mixed seasonings; mustard flour and meal and prepared
mustard:

2103.10.00

00

Soy sauce...............................................................................

kg..............

3%5/

2103.20
2103.20.20

00

Tomato ketchup and other tomato sauces:

Tomato ketchup...............................................................

kg..............

6%1/

2103.20.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

11.6%1/

20

40

00

2103.30
2103.30.20

In containers holding less than 1.4 kg....................

Other..........................................................................

Mustard flour and meal and prepared mustard:

kg

kg

Mustard flour and meal...................................................

kg..............

2103.30.40

00

Prepared mustard...........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.8¢/kg1/

2103.90
2103.90.20

00

2103.90.40

00

Other:

Sauces derived or prepared from fish...........................

kg..............

Free1/

Nonalcoholic preparations of yeast extract (other than
sauces).............................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg

22¢/kg

30%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
21-9

Sauces and preparations therefore; mixed condiments and
mixed seasonings; mustard flour and meal and prepared
mustard: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2103 (con.)

2103.90
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

2103.90.72

00

Mixed condiments and mixed seasonings:

Mixed condiments and mixed seasonings
described in additional U.S. note 3 to this
chapter:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

2103.90.74

00

Described in additional U.S. note 4 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

2103.90.78

00

Other6/...........................................................

kg..............

30.5¢/kg +
6.4%1/

2103.90.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.4%5/

2103.90.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

20

40

51

59
91

Mayonnaise........................................................

Other salad dressings.......................................

Tomato-based preparations for sauces:

In containers holding less than 1.4 kg......

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.75% (JP)

Free (A, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

35.9¢/kg +

7.5%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
21-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2104

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Soups and broths and preparations therefor; homogenized
composite food preparations:

2104.10.00

Soups and broths and preparations therefor......................

..................

3.2%1/

20

40

60

00

2104.20
2104.20.10

Dried.................................................................................

kg

Other:

Based on fish or other seafood...............................

Other..........................................................................

Homogenized composite food preparations:

Put up for retail sale as food suitable for infants or for
dietetic purposes.............................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

2.5%1/

2104.20.50

00

Put up for retail sale as food suitable for young
children.............................................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Ice cream and other edible ice, whether or not containing
cocoa:

Ice cream:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............

20%1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2105.00

2105.00.05

00

2105.00.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............
liters

20%1/

2105.00.20

00

Other7/...............................................................................

kg..............
liters

50.2¢/kg + 17%1/

2105.00.25

00

Other:

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note 1 to
chapter 4:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

20%1/

2105.00.30

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to chapter 4
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............
kg cmsc

20%1/

2105.00.40

00

Other8/........................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

50.2¢/kg + 17%1/

2105.00.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

17%1/

IV
21-11

2

20%

20%

59¢/kg +20%

20%

20%

59¢/kg + 20%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10% (JP)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.05

(AU)

See 9823.01.01-
9823.01.07 (S+)
See 9908.21.01 (IL)
See 9919.21.10,
9919.21.11-
9919.21.12 (PA)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10% (JP)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
21-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2106
2106.10.00

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included:

00

Protein concentrates and textured protein substances......

kg..............

6.4%5/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2106.90

Other:

Products derived from the dried milk, dried buttermilk
or dried whey of subheadings 0402.10, 0402.21.05,
0402.21.25, 0402.21.30, 0402.21.50, 0403.90.41,
0403.90.45, 0404.10.50 or 0404.10.90, which contain
not over 5.5 percent by weight of butterfat and which
are mixed with other ingredients including, but not
limited to sugar, if such mixtures contain over 16
percent milk solids by weight, are capable of being
further processed or mixed with similar ingredients and
are not prepared for marketing to the retail consumer
in the identical form and package in which imported:
Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

2106.90.03

00

2106.90.06

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to chapter 4
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

2106.90.09

00

Other8/........................................................................

kg..............

2.9¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

2.9¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

86.2¢/kg1/

2106.90.12

00

Compound alcoholic preparations of an alcoholic
strength by volume exceeding 0.5 percent vol., of a
kind used for the manufacture of beverages:

Containing not over 20 percent of alcohol by
weight.........................................................................

kg..............

4.2¢/kg + 1.9%9/1/

2106.90.15

00

Containing over 20 percent but not over 50 percent
of alcohol by weight..................................................

kg..............

8.4¢/kg + 1.9%9/1/

2106.90.18

00

Containing over 50 percent of alcohol by weight...

kg..............

17¢/kg + 1.9%9/1/

12.1¢/kg

12.1¢/kg

$1.014/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60-

9918.04.80 (CO)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)9/

44¢/kg +
25%9/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)9/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)9/

88¢/kg +
25%9/

$1.76/kg +
25%9/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
21-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2106 (con.)
2106.90
(con.)

2106.90.22

00

2106.90.24

00

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Butter substitutes, whether in liquid or solid state,
containing over 15 percent by weight of butter or other
fats or oils derived from milk:

Containing over 10 percent by weight of milk solids:
Butter substitutes containing over 45 percent
by weight of butterfat:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 14 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

2106.90.26

00

Other10/.........................................................

2106.90.28

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

13.1¢/kg1/

kg..............

15.4¢/kg1/

31¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

kg..............
kg cmsc

15.4¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.996/kg1/

31¢/kg

$2.348/kg

31¢/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.10

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
21-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2106 (con.)
2106.90
(con.)

2106.90.32

00

2106.90.34

00

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Butter substitutes, whether in liquid or solid state,
containing over 15 percent by weight of butter or other
fats or oils derived from milk: (con.)

Other:

Butter substitutes containing over 45 percent
by weight of butterfat:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 14 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

2106.90.36

00

Other10/.........................................................

kg..............

15.4¢/kg1/

31¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

kg..............
kg cmsc

15.4¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

$1.996/kg1/

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.10

(AU)

See 9823.03.01-
9823.03.12 (S+)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

31¢/kg

$2.348/kg

31¢/kg

30%

2106.90.38

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

13.1¢/kg1/

2106.90.39

00

Artificially sweetened cough drops................................

kg..............

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2106 (con.)
2106.90
(con.)

2106.90.42

00

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Syrups derived from cane or beet sugar, containing
added coloring but not added flavoring matter:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

2106.90.44

00

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 17
andentered pursuant to its provisions....................

kg..............

2106.90.46

00

Other11/.......................................................................

kg..............

35.74¢/kg1/

IV
21-15

2

6.58170¢/kg of
total sugars

6.58170¢/kg of
total sugars

42.05¢/kg

3.6606¢/kg of
total sugars1/

3.6606¢/kg of
total sugars1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, BH, CL,

CO, D, E*, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.05.15 (P+)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Fruit or vegetable juices, fortified with vitamins or
minerals:

2106.90.48

00

Orange juice..............................................................

liters..........

7.85¢/liter1/

18¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2106.90.52

00

Juice of any single fruit or vegetable...............

liters..........

The rate

Free (AU, BH, CL,

The rate

Other:

applicable to
the natural juice
in heading
200912/

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate applicable
to the natural juice
in heading 2009
(A*, D)

applicable to
the natural
juice in
heading
2009

2106.90.54

00

Mixtures of juices...............................................

liters..........

The rate

Free (AU, BH, CL,

The rate

applicable to
the natural juice
in heading
200912/

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate applicable
to the natural juice
in heading 2009
(A*, D)

applicable to
the natural
juice in
heading
2009

IV
21-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2106 (con.)
2106.90
(con.)

2106.90.58

30

50

70

90

2106.90.62

00

2106.90.64

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Of gelatin...................................................................

..................

4.8%1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Put up for retail sale:

Containing sugar derived from sugar cane
or sugar beets..............................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Containing sugar derived from sugar cane
or sugar beets..............................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Containing over 10 percent by weight of milk
solids

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

Other, dairy products described in
additional U.S. note 1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note 10
to chapter 4 and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

2106.90.66

00

Other8/....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

70.4¢/kg +
8.5%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

82.8¢/kg +

10%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.67 (CO)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2106 (con.)
2106.90
(con.)

2106.90.68

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

IV
21-17

2

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing over 10 percent by weight of milk
solids (con.)
Other:

Blended syrups described in additional
U.S. note 4 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note
9 to chapter 17 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

2106.90.72

00

Other2/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

70.4¢/kg +
8.5%1/

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

82.8¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

2106.90.74

00

Articles containing over 65 percent by
dry weight of sugar described in
additional U.S. note 2 to chapter 17:
Described in additional U.S. note
7 to chapter 17 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

2106.90.76

00

Other3/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

70.4¢/kg +
8.5%1/

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

82.8¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

IV
21-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2106 (con.)
2106.90
(con.)

2106.90.78

00

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Containing over 10 percent by weight of milk
solids (con.)

Other: (con.)

Articles containing over 10 percent by
dry weight of sugar described in
additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 17:
Described in additional U.S. note
8 to chapter 17 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

2106.90.80

00

Other4/.............................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

10%1/

kg..............
kg cmsc

70.4¢/kg +
8.5%1/

20%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

82.8¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

2106.90.82

00

Other......................................................

kg..............
kg cmsc

6.4%1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

IV
21-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2106 (con.)
2106.90
(con.)

2106.90.83

00

2106.90.85

00

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg..............

10%1/

Other, dairy products described in
additional U.S. note 1 to chapter 4:

Described in additional U.S. note 10
to chapter 4 and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

kg..............

10%1/

2106.90.87

00

Other8/....................................................

kg..............

28.8¢/kg +
8.5%1/

2106.90.89

00

Other:

Blended syrups described in additional
U.S. note 4 to chapter 17:

Described in additional U.S. note
9 to chapter 17 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

kg..............

10%1/

2106.90.91

00

Other2/.............................................

kg..............

28.8¢/kg +
8.5%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33.9¢/kg
+10%

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.08.01-
9823.08.38 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,

9918.04.79 (CO)

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

33.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Other: (con.)

IV
21-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2106 (con.)
2106.90
(con.)

2106.90.92

00

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Articles containing over 65 percent by
dry weight of sugar described in
additional U.S. note 2 to chapter 17:
Described in additional U.S. note
7 to chapter 17 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

kg..............

10%1/

2106.90.94

00

Other3/.............................................

kg..............

28.8¢/kg +
8.5%1/

2106.90.95

00

Articles containing over 10 percent by
dry weight of sugar described in
additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 17:
Described in additional U.S. note
8 to chapter 17 and entered
pursuant to its provisions..............

kg..............

10%1/

2106.90.97

00

Other4/.............................................

kg..............

28.8¢/kg +
8.5%13/

Free (CO, KR, OM,

20%

PA, PE, S)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

33.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

20%

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

33.9¢/kg +

10%

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2106 (con.)
2106.90
(con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Food preparations not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Other: (con.)

IV
21-21

2

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

2106.90.99

Other......................................................

..................

6.4%14/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

71

72

73
75

80

85

87

88

90

95

97

98

Preparations for the manufacture
of beverages:

Containing high-intensity
sweeteners (e.g., aspartame
and/or saccharin.....................

Containing sugar derived from
sugar cane and/or sugar
beets.........................................

Other........................................
Non-dairy coffee whiteners..........

Other cream or milk substitutes....

Confectionery (including gum)
containing synthetic sweetening
agents (e.g., saccharin) instead of
sugar...............................................

Herbal teas and herbal infusions
comprising mixed herbs................

Flavored honey..............................

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Canned....................................

kg

Other:

Frozen...............................

kg

Other:

Containing sugar
derived from sugar
cane and/or sugar
beets...........................

kg

Other...........................

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
Endnotes--page 21 - 22
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9904.17.66-9904.17.84.
3/ See 9904.17.17-9904.17.48.
4/ See 9904.17.49-9904.17.65.
5/ See 9903.88.03.
6/ See 9904.21.01-9904.21.09.
7/ See 9904.21.10-9904.21.18.
8/ See 9904.04.50-9904.05.01.
9/ Imports under this subheading may be subject to Federal Excise Tax (26 U.S.C. 5001 or 26 U.S.C. 5041).
10/ See 9904.05.37-9904.05.47.
11/ See 9904.17.08-9904.17.16.
12/ See 9903.88.15, 9903.88.25, 9903.88.26, 9903.88.27 and 9903.88.28.
13/ See 9903.19.21 and 9903.88.15.
14/ See 9903.19.22 and 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 22

BEVERAGES, SPIRITS AND VINEGAR

IV
22-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Products of this chapter (other than those of heading 2209) prepared for culinary purposes and thereby rendered unsuitable

for consumption as beverages (generally heading 2103)

(b) Sea water (heading 2501);

(c) Distilled or conductivity water or water of similar purity (heading 2853);

(d) Acetic acid of a concentration exceeding 10 percent by weight of acetic acid (heading 2915);

(e) Medicaments of heading 3003 or 3004; or

(f) Perfumery or toilet preparations (chapter 33).

2.

3.

For the purposes of this chapter and of chapters 20 and 2l, the "alcoholic strength by volume" shall be determined at a temperature
of 20°C.

For the purposes of heading 2202 the term "non-alcoholic beverages" means beverages of an alcoholic strength by volume not
exceeding 0.5 percent vol. Alcoholic beverages are classified in headings 2203 to 2206 or heading 2208 as appropriate.

Subheading Note

1.

For the purposes of subheading 2204.10 the expression "sparkling wine" means wine which, when kept at a temperature of 20°C
in closed containers, has an excess pressure of not less than 3 bars.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

The duties prescribed on products covered by this chapter are in addition to the internal-revenue taxes imposed under existing
law or any subsequent act. The duties imposed on products covered by this chapter which are subject also to internal-revenue
taxes are imposed only on the quantities subject to such taxes; except that, in the case of distilled spirits transferred to the bonded
premises of a distilled spirits plant under the provisions of section 5232 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, the duties are
imposed on the quantity withdrawn from customs custody.

2. Subheadings 2202.99.30, 2202.99.35, 2202.99.36 and 2202.99.37 cover vitamin or mineral fortified fruit or vegetable juices that
are imported only in non-concentrated form. Such juices imported in concentrated form are classifiable in subheadings 2106.90.48,
2106.90.52 or 2106.90.54, as appropriate.

3. Dutiable quantities of alcoholic juices (including grape must) classified in heading 2204, 2206 or 2208 shall be calculated in

accordance with additional U.S. notes 1, 2 and 3 in chapter 20.

4.

The term "effervescent wine" means wine other than sparkling wine which contains in excess of 0.392 grams of carbon dioxide
per 100 milliliters of wine.

5. Where in heading 2204, 2206, 2207 or 2208, the rates shown in the rates of duty columns are in terms of a proof liter, proof liter
shall mean a liter of liquid at 15.56°C (60°F) which contains 50 percent (100 proof) by volume of ethyl alcohol having a specific
gravity of 0.7939 at 15.56°C (60°F) referred to water at 15.56°C (60°F) as unity or the alcoholic equivalent thereof.

6. Where in heading 2204, 2206, 2207 or 2208, the rates of duty are assessed on a proof liter basis, the rates shown indicate the

amount of duty which shall be collected on each liter of an imported product at 100 proof. The amount of duty which shall be
collected for each liter of a product which is imported at more than or less than 100 proof shall bear the same ratio to the applicable
rate of duty as the proof of the imported product bears to 100 proof.

7.

The standard for determining the proof of brandy and other spirits or liquors of any kind when imported is the same as that which
is defined in the laws relating to internal revenue. The Secretary of the Treasury, at his discretion, may authorize the ascertainment
of the proof of wines, cordials or other liquors and fruit juices by distillation or otherwise, when it is impracticable to ascertain
such proof by the means prescribed by existing law or regulations.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
22-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

8. Provisions for the free entry of certain samples of alcoholic beverages are covered by subheading 9811.00.20 of chapter 98.

9.

For the purposes of heading 2209, the standard proof of vinegar is 4 percent by weight of acetic acid.

Statistical Note

1.

2.

3.

The unit of quantity "kg cmsc" (kilograms cows’ milk solids content) includes all cows’ milk components other than water.

For a list of approved standards for "Certified organic", see General Statistical Note 6.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 2206.00.1510, "hard cider" refers to a fermented beverage containing not more
than 0.64 grams of carbon dioxide per 100 milliliters, derived from apples, pears or their concentrates, with no other fruit product
or flavoring, and containing greater than 0.5 percent and less than 8.5 percent alcohol by volume.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
22-3

Waters, including natural or artificial mineral waters and
aerated waters, not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter nor flavored; ice and snow:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2201

2201.10.00

00

Mineral waters and aerated waters......................................

liters..........

0.26¢/liter1/

2.6¢/liter

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2201.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free

2202

2202.10.00

Waters, including mineral waters and aerated waters,
containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or flavored,
and other non-alcoholic beverages, not including fruit, nut or
vegetable juices of heading 2009:

Waters, including mineral waters and aerated waters,
containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or
flavored....................................................................................

..................

0.2¢/liter1/

4¢/liter

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20

45

55

65

75

Carbonated soft drinks:

Containing high-intensity sweeteners (e.g.,
aspartame and/or saccharin)..................................

liters

Other:

In aluminum containers.....................................

liters

Other...................................................................

liters

Other:

In aluminum containers............................................

liters

Other..........................................................................

liters

2202.91.00

Non-alcoholic beer..........................................................

..................

0.2¢/liter2/

Other:

10

20

In aluminum containers............................................

liters

Other..........................................................................

liters

4¢/liter

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
22-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Waters, including mineral waters and aerated waters,
containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or flavored,
and other non-alcoholic beverages, not including fruit, nut or
vegetable juices of heading 2009: (con.)

2202.99

Other: (con.)
Other:

Milk-based drinks:

2202.99.10

00

Chocolate milk drink..........................................

2202.99.22

00

2202.99.24

00

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to
chapter 4 and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

2202.99.28

00

Other.............................................................

liters..........
kg cmsc

17%2/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

liters..........
kg

17.5%2/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

liters..........
kg

17.5%2/

liters..........
kg

23.5¢/liter +
14.9%3/2/

35%

27.6¢/liter+
17.5%3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.25

(AU)

See 9823.01.01-
9823.01.07 (S+)
See 9918.04.60,
9918.04.80 (CO)3/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
22-5

Waters, including mineral waters and aerated waters,
containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or flavored,
and other non-alcoholic beverages, not including fruit, nut or
vegetable juices of heading 2009: (con.)

2202.99
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

2202.99.30

00

Fruit or vegetable juices, fortified with vitamins or
minerals:

Orange juice:

Not made from a juice having a degree of
concentration of 1.5 or more (as
determined before correction to the
nearest 0.5 degree).....................................

liters..........

4.5¢/liter1/

2202.99.35

00

Other.............................................................

liters..........

7.85¢/liter1/

2202.99.36

00

Juice of any single fruit or vegetable........

liters..........

The rate

Other:

applicable to
the natural juice
in heading
20094/

2202.99.37

00

Mixtures of juices........................................

liters..........

The rate

applicable to
the natural juice
in heading
20094/

2202.99.91

Other..........................................................................

..................

0.2¢/liter1/

18¢/liter

18¢/liter

The rate

applicable to
the natural
juice in
heading
2009

The rate

applicable to
the natural
juice in
heading
2009

4¢/liter

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
The rate applicable
to the natural juice
in heading 2009
(A*)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
The rate applicable
to the natural juice
in heading 2009
(A*)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

30

35
90

In aluminum containers.....................................

liters

Other:

Almond-based drinks:

Certified organic...................................

liters

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

liters
liters

2203.00.00

Beer made from malt....................................................................

..................

Free5/1/

13.2¢/liter5/

In containers each holding not over 4 liters:

In glass containers..........................................................

liters

Other.................................................................................
In containers each holding over 4 liters...............................

liters
liters

30

60
90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
22-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2204

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wine of fresh grapes, including fortified wines; grape must
other than that of heading 2009:

2204.10.00

Sparkling wine........................................................................

..................

19.8¢/liter6/1/

30

65

75

Valued not over $1.59/liter.............................................

liters

Valued over $1.59/liter:

Certified organic.......................................................

liters

Other..........................................................................

liters

2204.21
2204.21.20

00

Other wine; grape must with fermentation prevented or
arrested by the addition of alcohol:

In containers holding 2 liters or less:

Effervescent wine.....................................................

liters..........

19.8¢/liter6/1/

$1.59/liter6/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
8.8¢/liter (JO)6/

$1.59/liter6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
8.8¢/liter (JO)6/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
22-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2204 (con.)

2204.21
(con.)

2204.21.30

00

Wine of fresh grapes, including fortified wines; grape must
other than that of heading 2009: (con.)

Other wine; grape must with fermentation prevented or
arrested by the addition of alcohol: (con.)

In containers holding 2 liters or less: (con.)

Other:

Of an alcoholic strength by volume not over
14 percent vol.:

If entitled under regulations of the United
States Internal Revenue Service to a type
designation which includes the name
"Tokay" and if so designated on the
approved label.............................................

liters..........

6.3¢/liter6/1/

2204.21.50

Other.............................................................

..................

6.3¢/liter6/1/

05

15

25

28

35

40

50

55
60

Valued not over $1.05/liter:

Red..................................................

liters

White...............................................

liters

Other...............................................

liters

Valued over $1.05/liter:

Icewine............................................

liters

Other:

Red:

Certified organic...............

liters

Not certified organic........

liters

White:

Certified organic...............

liters

Not certified organic........
Other........................................

liters
liters

33¢/liter6/

33¢/liter6/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
2.8¢/liter (JO)6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
2.8¢/liter (JO)6/

2204.21.60

00

Of an alcoholic strength by volume over 14
percent vol.:

If entitled under regulations of the United
States Internal Revenue Service to a type
designation which includes the name
"Marsala" and if so designated on the
approved label.............................................

liters..........

5.3¢/liter6/1/

2204.21.80

Other.............................................................

..................

16.9¢/liter6/1/

30

60

Sherry....................................................

liters

Other......................................................

liters

33¢/liter6/

33¢/liter6/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
2.3¢/liter (JO)6/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
7.5¢/liter (JO)6/

IV
22-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2204 (con.)

2204.22

2204.22.20

05

15

25

30

45

60
00

2204.22.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wine of fresh grapes, including fortified wines; grape must
other than that of heading 2009: (con.)

Other wine; grape must with fermentation prevented or
arrested by the addition of alcohol: (con.)

In containers holding more than 2 liters but not more
than 10 liters:

In containers holding more than 2 liters but not
more than 4 liters:

Of an alcoholic strength by volume not over
14 percent vol.....................................................

..................

8.4¢/liter6/2/

33¢/liter6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
3.7¢/liter (JO)6/

Valued not over $1.05/liter:

Red........................................................

liters

White......................................................

liters

Other......................................................

liters

Valued over $1.05/liter:

Red........................................................

liters

White......................................................

liters

Other......................................................

liters

Of an alcoholic strength by volume over 14
percent vol..........................................................

liters..........

22.4¢/liter6/2/

2204.22.60

00

In containers holding over 4 liters but not over 10
liters:

Of an alcoholic strength by volume not over
14 percent vol.....................................................

liters..........

14¢/liter6/2/

2204.22.80

00

Of an alcoholic strength by volume over 14
percent vol..........................................................

liters..........

22.4¢/liter6/2/

2204.29
2204.29.61

00

Other:

Of an alcoholic strength by volume not over 14
percent vol.................................................................

liters..........

14¢/liter6/2/

2204.29.81

00

Of an alcoholic strength by volume over 14 percent
vol...............................................................................

liters..........

22.4¢/liter6/2/

33¢/liter6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
9.9¢/liter (JO)6/

33¢/liter6/

33¢/liter6/

33¢/liter6/

33¢/liter6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
6.2¢/liter (JO)6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
9.9¢/liter (JO)6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
6.2¢/liter (JO)6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
9.9¢/liter (JO)6/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
22-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2204 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wine of fresh grapes, including fortified wines; grape must
other than that of heading 2009: (con.)

2204.30.00

00

Other grape must...................................................................

liters..........
pf.liters

4.4¢/liter +
31.4¢/pf. liter6/2/

2205

2205.10
2205.10.30

00

Vermouth and other wine of fresh grapes flavored with plants
or aromatic substances:

In containers holding 2 liters or less:

Vermouth..........................................................................

liters..........

3.5¢/liter6/2/

2205.10.60

00

Other.................................................................................

liters..........

4.2¢/liter6/2/

2205.90

Other:

Vermouth:

2205.90.20

00

In containers each holding over 2 liters but not over
4 liters........................................................................

liters..........

3.5¢/liter6/2/

2205.90.40

00

In containers each holding over 4 liters..................

liters..........

3.8¢/liter6/2/

2205.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

liters..........

4.2¢/liter6/2/

18.5¢/liter +
$1.32/pf.
liter6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
1.9¢/liter + 13.9¢/pf.
liter (JO)6/

33¢/ liter6/

33¢/ liter6/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
1.5¢/liter (JO)6/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
1.8¢/liter (JO)6/

33¢/liter6/

33¢/liter6/

33¢/liter6/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
1.5¢/liter (JO)6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
1.6¢/liter (JO)6/
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
1.8¢/liter (JO)6/

IV
22-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2206.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other fermented beverages (for example, cider, perry, mead,
sakè); mixtures of fermented beverages and mixtures of
fermented beverages and non-alcoholic beverages, not
elsewhere specified or included:

2206.00.15

Cider, whether still or sparkling............................................

..................

0.4¢/liter7/2/

10

20
00

2206.00.30

Hard cider as described in statistical note 3 to this
chapter..............................................................................

liters

Other.................................................................................
Prune wine..............................................................................

liters
liters..........
pf.liters

3.1¢/liter +

22.1¢/pf. liter on
ethyl alcohol
content7/2/

2206.00.45

00

Rice wine or sakè...................................................................

liters..........

3¢/liter7/1/

2206.00.60

00

Effervescent wine............................................................

liters..........

13.9¢/liter7/2/

Other:

2206.00.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

4.2¢/liter7/1/

1.3¢/liter7/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
0.1¢/liter (JO)7/

18.5¢/ liter +

$1.32/pf. liter
on ethyl
alcohol
content7/

33¢/liter7/

$1.59/liter7/

33¢/liter7/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
1.3¢/liter + 9.8¢/pf.

liter on ethyl alcohol
content (JO)7/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
1.3¢/liter (JO)7/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
6.1¢/liter (JO)7/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
1.8¢/liter (JO)7/

Mixtures of fermented beverages and non-alcoholic
beverages, ready to consume as packaged, in
containers each holding not over 4 liters:

In aluminum containers.....................................

liters

Other...................................................................

liters

Other:

In aluminum containers.....................................

liters

Other...................................................................

liters

15

25

30

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
22-11

2

Undenatured ethyl alcohol of an alcoholic strength by volume
of 80 percent vol. or higher; ethyl alcohol and other spirits,
denatured, of any strength:

Undenatured ethyl alcohol of an alcoholic strength by
volume of 80 percent vol. or higher:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2207

2207.10

2207.10.30

00

For beverage purposes..................................................

pf.liters......

18.9¢/pf.liter7/1/

2207.10.60

For nonbeverage purposes............................................

..................

2.5%7/1/

2207.20.00

10

90

10

90

For fuel use................................................................

liters

Other..........................................................................

liters

Ethyl alcohol and other spirits, denatured, of any
strength...................................................................................

..................

1.9%7/2/8/

For fuel use......................................................................

liters

Other.................................................................................

liters

$1.32/pf. liter7/

20%7/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)7/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.09.22-
9822.09.24 (PA)7/

20%7/8/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)
See 9822.09.22-
9822.09.24 (PA)7/8/

2208

2208.20

Undenatured ethyl alcohol of an alcoholic strength by volume
of less than 80 percent vol.; spirits, liqueurs and other spirituous
beverages:

Spirits obtained by distilling grape wine or grape marc
(grape brandy):

2208.20.10

00

Pisco and singani............................................................

pf.liters......

Free7/2/

$1.78/pf. liter7/

2208.20.20

00

2208.20.30

00

2208.20.40

00

2208.20.50

00

2208.20.60

00

Other:

In containers each holding not over 4 liters:

Valued not over $2.38/liter................................

pf.liters......

Valued over $2.38 but not over $3.43/liter......

pf.liters......

Valued over $3.43/liter......................................

pf.liters......

In containers each holding over 4 liters:

Valued not over $2.38/liter................................

pf.liters......

Valued over $2.38/liter......................................

pf.liters......

Free7/2/

Free7/2/

Free7/2/

Free7/2/

Free7/2/

$2.35/pf. liter7/

$2.35/pf. liter7/

$2.35/pf. liter7/

$1.32/pf. liter7/

$1.32/pf. liter7/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
22-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2208 (con.)

2208.30
2208.30.30

2208.30.60

30

60

20

40

55

65

75

85

Undenatured ethyl alcohol of an alcoholic strength by volume
of less than 80 percent vol.; spirits, liqueurs and other spirituous
beverages: (con.)
Whiskies:

Irish and Scotch...............................................................
In containers each holding not over 4 liters...........

..................
pf.liters

Free7/2/

In containers each holding over 4 liters..................
Other.................................................................................

pf.liters
..................

Free7/2/

Bourbon:

In containers each holding not over 4 liters.....

pf.liters

In containers each holding over 4 liters...........

pf.liters

Other:

In containers each holding not over 4 liters:

Rye................................................................

pf.liters

Other.............................................................

pf.liters

In containers each holding over 4 liters:

Rye................................................................

pf.liters

Other.............................................................

pf.liters

2208.40

Rum and other spirits obtained by distilling fermented
sugar-cane products:

In containers each holding not over 4 liters:

2208.40.20

00

Valued not over $3 per proof liter...........................

pf.liters......

23.7¢/pf.liter9/2/

2208.40.40

00

Valued over $3 per proof liter..................................

pf.liters......

Free9/2/

In containers each holding over 4 liters:

2208.40.60

00

Valued not over 69¢ per proof liter.........................

pf.liters......

23.7¢/pf.liter9/2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
10.5¢/pf. liter (JO)9/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
10.5¢/pf.liter (JO)9/

2208.40.80
2208.50.00

00

30

60

Valued over 69¢ per proof liter................................
Gin and Geneve.....................................................................
In containers each holding not over 4 liters..................

pf.liters......
..................
pf.liters

Free9/2/
Free9/2/

In containers each holding over 4 liters........................

pf.liters

2208.60

Vodka:

2208.60.10

00

Valued not over $2.05/liter.......................................

pf.liters......

In containers each holding not over 4 liters:

2208.60.20
2208.60.50

00
00

Valued over $2.05/liter.............................................
In containers each holding over 4 liters........................

pf.liters......
pf.liters......

Free9/2/

Free9/2/
Free9/2/

$1.99/pf. liter7/

$2.04/pf. liter7/

$1.32/pf. liter9/

$1.32/pf. liter9/

$1.32/pf. liter9/

$1.32/pf. liter9/
$1.99/pf. liter9/

$1.78/pf. liter9/

$1.78/pf. liter9/
$1.32/pf. liter9/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Undenatured ethyl alcohol of an alcoholic strength by volume
of less than 80 percent vol.; spirits, liqueurs and other spirituous
beverages: (con.)

Liqueurs and cordials............................................................
In containers each holding not over 4 liters..................

..................
pf.liters

Free9/2/

In containers each holding over 4 liters........................

pf.liters

Other:

Aquavit..............................................................................

pf.liters......

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2208 (con.)

2208.70.00

2208.90
2208.90.01

30

60

00

Free9/2/

Free9/2/

Free9/2/

Bitters:

2208.90.05

00

Not fit for use as beverages....................................

pf.liters......

2208.90.10

00

Fit for use as beverages..........................................

pf.liters......

2208.90.12

00

2208.90.14
2208.90.15

00
00

2208.90.20

00

2208.90.25

00

Brandy:

Slivovitz:

Valued not over $3.43/liter:

In containers each holding not over 4
liters..............................................................

pf.liters......

Free9/2/

In containers each holding over 4 liters.....
Valued over $3.43/liter......................................

pf.liters......
pf.liters......

Free9/2/
Free9/2/

Other:

In containers each holding not over 4 liters:

Valued not over $2.38/liter.........................

pf.liters......

Free9/2/

Valued over $2.38 but not over
$3.43/liter.....................................................

pf.liters......

Free9/2/

2208.90.30

00

Valued over $3.43/liter...............................

pf.liters......

2208.90.35

00

Valued not over $2.38/liter.........................

pf.liters......

In containers each holding over 4 liters:

2208.90.40
2208.90.46

00

30

60

Valued over $2.38/liter...............................
Kirschwasser and ratafia................................................
In containers each holding not over 4 liters...........

pf.liters......
..................
pf.liters

In containers each holding over 4 liters..................

pf.liters

Tequila:

2208.90.50

00

In containers each holding not over 4 liters...........

pf.liters......

2208.90.55
2208.90.71

00
00

In containers each holding over 4 liters..................
Imitations of brandy and other spirituous beverages...

pf.liters......
pf.liters......

Free9/2/

Free9/2/

Free9/2/
Free9/2/

Free9/2/

Free9/2/
Free9/2/

IV
22-13

2

$3.08/pf. liter9/

$1.99/pf. liter9/

$1.32/pf. liter9/

$1.32/pf. liter9/

$2.35/pf. liter9/

$1.32/pf. liter9/
$2.35/pf. liter9/

$2.35/pf. liter9/

$2.35/pf. liter9/

$2.35/pf. liter9/

$1.32/pf. liter9/

$1.32/pf. liter9/
$3.08/pf. liter9/

$1.68/pf. liter9/

$1.32/pf. liter9/
$2.35/pf. liter9/

IV
22-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2208 (con.)

2208.90
(con.)

2208.90.72

00

2208.90.75
2208.90.80

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Undenatured ethyl alcohol of an alcoholic strength by volume
of less than 80 percent vol.; spirits, liqueurs and other spirituous
beverages: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other:

Spirits:

Mezcal in containers each holding not over 4
liters.....................................................................

pf.liters......

Free9/2/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

pf.liters......
..................

Free9/2/
21.1¢/pf.liter9/

$1.78/pf. liter9/

$1.78/pf. liter9/
$4.05/pf. liter9/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
9.3¢/pf.liter (JO)9/

10

20

Premixed cocktails or other mixed beverages,
ready to consume as packaged, in containers
each holding not over 4 liters............................

pf.liters

Other...................................................................

pf.liters

2209.00.00

00

Vinegar and substitutes for vinegar obtained from acetic
acid.................................................................................................

pf.liters......
liters

0.5¢/pf.liter1/

2.1¢/pf.liter

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
Endnotes--page 22 - 15

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See subheadings 9904.04.50-9904.05.01.
4/ See 9903.88.03, 9903.88.21, 9903.88.22, 9903.88.23 and 9903.88.24.
5/ Imports under this subheading may be subject to Federal Excise Tax (26 U.S.C. 5051).
6/ Imports under this subheading may be subject to Federal Excise Tax (26 U.S.C. 5041).
7/ Imports under this subheading may be subject to Federal Excise Tax (26 U.S.C. 5001, 26 U.S.C. 5041 or 26 U.S.C. 5051).
8/ For ethyl alcohol or a mixture thereof from CBERA beneficiaries, see section 423 of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, as amended (19
U.S.C. 2703,note); for ethyl alcohol or a mixture thereof from DR-CAFTA beneficiaries, see section 201 (a)(3)(B)(ii) of the DR-CAFTA
Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 4031 (a)(3)(B)(ii) ).”
9/ Imports under this subheading may be subject to Federal Excise Tax (26 U.S.C. 5001).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 23

RESIDUES AND WASTE FROM THE FOOD INDUSTRIES;
PREPARED ANIMAL FEED

IV
23-1

Note

1. Heading 2309 includes products of a kind used in animal feeding, not elsewhere specified or included, obtained by processing

vegetable or animal materials to such an extent that they have lost the essential characteristics of the original material, other
than vegetable waste, vegetable residues and byproducts of such processing.

Subheading Note

1.

For the purposes of subheading 2306.41, the expression " low erucic acid rape or colza seeds" means seeds as defined in
subheading note 1 to chapter 12.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

2.

The term "mixed feeds and mixed-feed ingredients" in subheading 2309.90.10 embraces products of heading 2309 which are
admixtures of grains (or products, including byproducts, obtained in milling grains) with molasses, oilcake, oil-cake meal or
feedstuffs, and which consist of not less than 6 percent by weight of grain or grain products.

The aggregate quantity of animal feed containing milk or milk derivatives entered under subheadings 2309.90.24 and 2309.90.44
in any calendar year shall not exceed 7,399,700 kilograms (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included in
the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note, the countries listed below shall have access to not less than the quantities
specified below:

Ireland
United Kingdom
New Zealand
Australia

Quantity
(kg)
5,470,323
83,914
1,782,618
56,699

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
23-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2301

2301.10.00

00

2301.20.00

10

90

10

90

05

10

20

90
00

2302.30.00

2302.40.01

2302.50.00

2303

Flours, meals and pellets, of meat or meat offal, of fish or of
crustaceans, molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates, unfit for
human consumption; greaves (cracklings):

Flours, meals and pellets, of meat or meat offal; greaves
(cracklings).............................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Flours, meals and pellets, of fish or of crustaceans,
molluscs or other aquatic invertebrates...............................
Herring meal; pilchard meal...........................................

..................
t

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

t

2302

Bran, sharps (middlings) and other residues, whether or not
in the form of pellets, derived from the sifting, milling or other
working of cereals or of leguminous plants:

2302.10.00

00

Of corn (maize).......................................................................

t .................

Of wheat..................................................................................
Bran, shorts and middlings............................................

..................
t

Other.................................................................................
Of other cereals......................................................................
Of rice...............................................................................

t
..................
t

Of other single cereal grains, chopped, crushed or
ground...............................................................................

Other:

Pelletized screenings (clearings)............................

t

t

Free2/

Free1/

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Of leguminous plants.............................................................

t
t .................

1.4%1/

Residues of starch manufacture and similar residues,
beet-pulp, bagasse and other waste of sugar manufacture,
brewing or distilling dregs and waste, whether or not in the
form of pellets:

2303.10.00

Residues of starch manufacture and similar residues.......

..................

1.4%1/

2303.20.00

2303.30.00

2304.00.00

10

20

40

20

40
00

10

90

Corn gluten feed..............................................................

Corn gluten meal.............................................................

Other.................................................................................

Beet-pulp, bagasse and other waste of sugar
manufacture............................................................................
Dried beet-pulp................................................................

t

t

t

..................
t

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Brewing or distilling dregs and waste..................................

t
t .................

Free1/

Oilcake and other solid residues, whether or not ground or in
the form of pellets, resulting from the extraction of soybean
oil....................................................................................................

..................

0.45¢/kg1/

Certified organic.....................................................................

Other........................................................................................

kg

kg

Free

Free

10%

10%

10%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.91/t

$4.91/t

0.7¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2305.00.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
23-3

Oilcake and other solid residues, whether or not ground or in
the form of pellets, resulting from the extraction of peanut
(ground-nut) oil..............................................................................

kg..............

0.32¢/kg1/

2306

Oilcake and other solid residues, whether or not ground or in
the form of pellets, resulting from the extraction of vegetable
or microbial fats or oils, other than those of heading 2304 or
2305:

2306.10.00

00

Of cotton seeds......................................................................

kg..............

0.56¢/kg2/

2306.20.00

00

Of linseed................................................................................

kg..............

0.12¢/kg1/

2306.30.00

00

Of sunflower seeds................................................................

kg..............

0.45¢/kg1/

2306.41.00

00

Of low euricic acid rape or colza seeds........................

kg..............

0.17¢/kg1/

Of rape or colza seeds:

2306.49.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

0.17¢/kg1/

2306.50.00

00

Of coconut or copra...............................................................

kg..............

0.45¢/kg2/

2306.60.00

00

Of palm nuts or kernels.........................................................

kg..............

0.32¢/kg2/

2306.90.01

Other........................................................................................

..................

0.32¢/kg1/

0.7¢/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

0.7¢/kg

0.7¢/kg

0.7¢/kg

0.7¢/kg

0.7¢/kg

0.7¢/kg

0.7¢/kg

0.7¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20

30

50

Of corn..............................................................................

Of hemp seeds................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

2307.00.00

00

Wine lees; argol.............................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free

IV
23-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2308.00

2308.00.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Vegetable materials and vegetable waste, vegetable residues
and byproducts, whether or not in the form of pellets, of a kind
used in animal feeding, not elsewhere specified or included:
Acorns and horse-chestnuts.................................................

kg..............

1.4%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

10%

20%

20%

10%

10%

2308.00.93

00

Screenings, scalpings, chaff or scourings, ground, or not
ground, of flaxseed (linseed)................................................

kg..............

Free2/

2308.00.95

00

Dehydrated marigolds...........................................................

kg..............

1.9%1/

2308.00.98

Other........................................................................................

..................

1.4%1/

2309
2309.10.00

2309.90
2309.90.10

20

90

10

90

05

15

20

30

32

35

45

50

Citrus pulp pellets............................................................

t

Other.................................................................................

kg

Preparations of a kind used in animal feeding:

Dog or cat food, put up for retail sale...................................
In airtight containers........................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

kg

Other:

Mixed feeds or mixed feed ingredients.........................
Bird seed...................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other pet food, put up for retail sale.......................

kg

Poultry feeds, prepared...........................................

Dairy cattle feed, prepared......................................

Other cattle feed, prepared.....................................

Swine feed, prepared...............................................

Other livestock feed, prepared...............................

Other..........................................................................

t

t

t

t

t

t

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
23-5

Preparations of a kind used in animal feeding: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Animal feeds containing milk or milk derivatives:
Containing over 10 percent by weight of milk
solids:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

..................

7.5%2/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Milk replacer.........................................

Other......................................................
Described in additional U.S. note 2 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg

kg

..................

7.5%2/

Milk replacer.........................................

kg

Other......................................................
Other3/...........................................................

kg
..................

80.4¢/kg +
6.4%2/

Milk replacer.........................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

94.6¢/kg +

7.5%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.20

(AU)

See 9823.05.01-
9823.05.06 (S+)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2309 (con.)
2309.90
(con.)

2309.90.22

2309.90.24

2309.90.28

10

90

10

90

10

90

IV
23-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2309 (con.)
2309.90
(con.)

2309.90.42

2309.90.44

2309.90.48

10

90

10

90

10

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Preparations of a kind used in animal feeding: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Animal feeds containing milk or milk derivatives:
(con.)

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

..................

7.5%2/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Milk replacer.........................................

Other......................................................
Described in additional U.S. note 2 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

kg

kg

..................

7.5%2/

Milk replacer.........................................

kg

Other......................................................
Other3/...........................................................

kg
..................

80.4¢/kg +
6.4%2/

Milk replacer.........................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

Other:

2309.90.60

00

Animal feeds containing egg............................

kg..............

1.9%2/

2309.90.70

00

Preparations, with a basis of vitamin B12,
for supplementing animal feed..................

kg..............

1.4%1/

Other:

2309.90.95

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

94.6¢/kg +

7.5%

Free (BH, CL, CO,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, SG)
See 9822.04.20

(AU)

See 9823.05.01-
9823.05.06 (S+)

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
Endnotes--page 23 - 7

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See subheadings 9904.23.01-9904.23.09.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

TOBACCO AND MANUFACTURED TOBACCO SUBSTITUTES; PRODUCTS, WHETHER OR NOT CONTAINING NICOTINE,
INTENDED FOR INHALATION WITHOUT COMBUSTION; OTHER NICOTINE CONTAINING PRODUCTS INTENDED FOR THE
INTAKE OF NICOTINE INTO THE HUMAN BODY

CHAPTER 24

IV
24-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover medicinal cigarettes (chapter 30).

2. Any products classifiable in heading 2404 and any other heading of the chapter are to be classified in heading 2404.

3.

For the purposes of heading 2404, the expression "inhalation without combustion" means inhalation through heated delivery or
other means, without combustion.

Subheading Note

1.

For the purposes of subheading 2403.11.00, the expression "water pipe tobacco" means tobacco intended for smoking in a water
pipe and which consists of a mixture of tobacco and glycerol, whether or not containing aromatic oils and extracts, molasses or
sugar, and whether or not flavored with fruit. However, tobacco-free products intended for smoking in a water pipe are excluded
from this subheading.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

The term "wrapper tobacco", as used in this chapter, means that quality of leaf tobacco which has the requisite color, texture
and burn, and is of sufficient size for cigar wrappers, and the term "filler tobacco" means all other leaf tobacco.

The percentage of wrapper tobacco in a bale, box, package or other shipping unit is the ratio of the number of leaves of wrapper
tobacco in such unit to the total number of leaves therein. In determining such percentage for classification purposes, the district
director of customs shall examine at least 10 hands, and shall count the leaves in at least 2 hands, from each shipping unit
designated for examination.

3.

The dutiable weight of cigars and cigarettes includes the weight of all materials which are integral parts thereof.

4. Certain samples of tobacco products provided for in this chapter are entitled to duty-free treatment (chapter 98).

5.

(a) The aggregate quantity of tobacco entered, or withdrawn from warehouse, for consumption under subheadings 2401.10.63,

2401.20.33, 2401.20.85, 2401.30.33, 2401.30.35, 2401.30.37, 2403.19.60, 2403.91.45 and 2403.99.60 during the period
from September 13 in any year to the following September 12, inclusive, shall not exceed the quantities specified below.

Argentina
Brazil
Chile
European Community (aggregate of Austria,
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, the
Federal Republic of Germany, Greece, Ireland,
Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Portugal,
Spain, and Sweden)

Guatemala
Malawi
Philippines
Thailand
United Kingdom
Zimbabwe
Other countries or areas

Quantity
(metric
tons)

10,750
80,200
2,750

9,956
10,000
12,000
3,000
7,000
44
12,000
3,000

(b) The subheadings enumerated in subdivision (a) of this note shall not include--

(i)

products of Canada, Israel or Mexico, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
24-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(ii) any quantities of tobacco for which duty treatment is claimed under any provision of chapter 98 of this schedule,

and no such articles shall be classifiable in such subheadings.

(c) The quantitative limitations under this note are subject to regulations as may be issued by the United States Trade

Representative or its designated agency.

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this note, imports of tobacco, other than the product of Canada, Israel or Mexico,

shall be eligible for the rates of duty provided in, and shall be classified in, the subheadings specified in paragraph (a) of this
note, provided that the articles were (1) exported from the country of origin prior to September 13, 1995, and (2) imported
directly from the country of origin into the customs territory of the United States, accompanied by such documentation as
may be determined necessary by the Secretary of Treasury. For the purposes of this paragraph, entries of tobacco withdrawn
from warehouse for consumption or entries of tobacco from foreign-trade zones shall not be determined to be imported
directly from the country of origin into the customs territory of the United States.

(e) For purposes of this chapter, imported tobaccos that are used to prepare cigarette tobaccos for marketing to the ultimate
consumer to make hand-rolled cigarettes, are considered to be tobacco to be used in products other than cigarettes.

6.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package
in which imported" means that the product is imported in packaging of such sizes and labeling as to be readily identifiable as
being intended for retail sale to the ultimate consumer without any alteration in the form of the product or its packaging.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 2403.99.2140, "snuff and snuff flours" means any finely cut, ground, or powdered
tobacco that is not intended to be smoked. Any product which has been determined to be "snuff and snuff flours" in rulings by
the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, should be reported under this provision. "Snuff
and snuff flours" includes a product commonly known as "gutkha" or "gutka", which is typically a combination of areca (betel)
nuts, tobacco, and spices. "Gutkha" is consumed orally by placing it between the gum and cheek and sucking and chewing.
Imports under statistical reporting number 2403.99.2140 are subject to Federal Excise Tax at the rates set forth in the Internal
Revenue Code at 26 U.S.C.§ 5701(e) and must be packaged and labeled in accordance with regulations prescribed under 26
U.S.C. § 5723.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
24-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2401

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Unmanufactured tobacco (whether or not threshed or similarly
processed); tobacco refuse:

2401.10

Tobacco, not stemmed/stripped:

Containing over 35 percent wrapper tobacco:

2401.10.21

2401.10.29

20

40

20

40

Wrapper tobacco......................................................
Connecticut shade.............................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Connecticut shade.............................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Not containing wrapper tobacco, or not containing over
35 percent wrapper tobacco:
Oriental or Turkish type:

kg

2401.10.44

00

Cigarette leaf......................................................

kg..............

2401.10.48
2401.10.53

00

40

50

Other...................................................................
Cigar binder and filler...............................................
Binder..................................................................

kg..............
..................
kg

Filler.....................................................................

kg

Free2/

Free1/
Free1/

$5.02/kg

$5.02/kg

77.2¢/kg

85¢/kg
85¢/kg

IV
24-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2401 (con.)

2401.10
(con.)

2401.10.61

2401.10.63

2401.10.65

2401.10.95

30

60

80

90

30

60

80

90

30

60

80

90

10

15

20

25

30

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Unmanufactured tobacco (whether or not threshed or similarly
processed); tobacco refuse: (con.)

Tobacco, not stemmed/stripped: (con.)

Not containing wrapper tobacco, or not containing over
35 percent wrapper tobacco: (con.)

Other:

Flue-cured, burley and other light air-cured
leaf:

To be used in products other than
cigarettes.....................................................

..................

23.9¢/kg1/

77.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

Maryland...............................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

..................

23.9¢/kg1/

Flue-cured......................................

Burley..............................................

Maryland.........................................

kg

kg

kg

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

kg
..................

350%1/

Flue-cured......................................

Burley..............................................

Maryland.........................................

kg

kg

kg

Other...............................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

32.7¢/kg1/

Fire-cured Kentucky and Tennessee.......

kg

Dark-air cured Kentucky and
Tennessee...................................................

Virginia fire-cured........................................

Virginia sun-cured.......................................

Blackfat........................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,

77.2¢/kg

CO, D, E, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

350%

IL, KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9918.24.10-

9918.24.11 (CO)

85¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2401 (con.)

2401.20

2401.20.05

00

2401.20.14

2401.20.18

20

40
00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
24-5

Unmanufactured tobacco (whether or not threshed or similarly
processed); tobacco refuse: (con.)

Tobacco, partly or wholly stemmed/stripped:
Not threshed or similarly processed:

Leaf tobacco, the product of two or more countries
or dependencies, when mixed or packed
together......................................................................

kg..............

$5.48/kg2/

$6.45/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing over 35 percent wrapper tobacco:
Wrapper tobacco........................................
Connecticut shade...............................

..................
kg

Free2/

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg
kg..............

Free2/

Not containing wrapper tobacco, or not
containing over 35 percent wrapper tobacco:

Oriental or Turkish type:

2401.20.23

00

Cigarette leaf........................................

kg..............

2401.20.26
2401.20.29

00

70

90

Other......................................................
Cigar binder and filler.................................
Binder....................................................

kg..............
..................
kg

Filler.......................................................

kg

Free2/

Free2/
Free2/

$6.45/kg

$6.45/kg

$1.21/kg

$1.15/kg
$1.15/kg

IV
24-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2401 (con.)

2401.20
(con.)

2401.20.31

2401.20.33

2401.20.35

2401.20.57

10

20

30

40

10

20

30

40

10

20

30

40

10

15

20

25

30

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Unmanufactured tobacco (whether or not threshed or similarly
processed); tobacco refuse: (con.)

Tobacco, partly or wholly stemmed/stripped: (con.)

Not threshed or similarly processed: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Not containing wrapper tobacco, or not
containing over 35 percent wrapper tobacco:
(con.)

Other:

Flue-cured, burley and other light
air-cured leaf:

To be used in products other than
cigarettes........................................

..................

40.9¢/kg2/

$1.21/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Flue-cured...............................

Burley.......................................

Maryland..................................

Other........................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Described in additional U.S.
note 5 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its
provisions................................

..................

40.9¢/kg2/

Free (A+, BH, CL,

$1.21/kg

CO, D, E, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Flue-cured.........................

Burley................................

Maryland...........................

kg

kg

kg

Other.................................
Other........................................

kg
..................

350%2/

Flue-cured.........................

Burley................................

Maryland...........................

kg

kg

kg

Other.................................
Other......................................................

kg
..................

39.7¢/kg2/

Fire-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Dark-air cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Virginia fire-cured..........................

Virginia sun-cured.........................

Blackfat...........................................

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

350%

IL, KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9918.24.10-

9918.24.11 (CO)

$1.15/kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
24-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2401 (con.)

2401.20
(con.)

2401.20.60

20

40

Unmanufactured tobacco (whether or not threshed or similarly
processed); tobacco refuse: (con.)

Tobacco, partly or wholly stemmed/stripped: (con.)

Threshed or similarly processed:

From cigar leaf..........................................................
Connecticut shade.............................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Other...................................................................

kg

Other:

2401.20.75

00

Oriental or Turkish type.....................................

kg..............

Free2/

2401.20.83

To be used in products other than
cigarettes.....................................................

..................

37.5¢/kg2/

Other:

10

20

30

35

40

50

55

60

90

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

Maryland...............................................

Fire-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee............................................

Dark-air cured Kentucky and
Tennessee............................................

Virginia fire-cured.................................

Virginia sun-cured................................

Blackfat..................................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

77.2¢/kg

$1.10/kg

$1.10/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

IV
24-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2401 (con.)

2401.20
(con.)

2401.20.85

2401.20.87

10

20

30

35

40

50

55

60

90

10

20

30

35

40

50

55

60

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Unmanufactured tobacco (whether or not threshed or similarly
processed); tobacco refuse: (con.)

Tobacco, partly or wholly stemmed/stripped: (con.)

Threshed or similarly processed: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to
this chapter and entered pursuant to
its provisions.........................................

..................

37.5¢/kg2/

Flue-cured......................................

Burley..............................................

Maryland.........................................

Fire-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Dark-air cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Virginia fire-cured..........................

Virginia sun-cured.........................

Blackfat...........................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

kg
..................

350%2/

Flue-cured......................................

Burley..............................................

Maryland.........................................

Fire-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Dark-air cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Virginia fire-cured..........................

Virginia sun-cured.........................

Blackfat...........................................

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,

$1.10/kg

CO, D, E, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

350%

IL, KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9918.24.10-

9918.24.11 (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV
24-9

Unmanufactured tobacco (whether or not threshed or similarly
processed); tobacco refuse: (con.)

Tobacco refuse:

From cigar leaf:

Tobacco stems:

Not cut, not ground and not pulverized...........

kg..............

Cut, ground or pulverized.................................
Other..........................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

From Oriental or Turkish type tobacco:

Tobacco stems

Not cut, not ground and not pulverized...........

kg..............

Cut, ground or pulverized.................................
Other..........................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free2/

Free2/
Free2/

Free2/

Free2/
Free2/

Other:

To be used in products other than cigarettes:

Tobacco stems:

Not cut, not ground and not pulverized.....
Flue-cured.............................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Burley.....................................................

kg

Fire-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee............................................

Dark air-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee............................................

Virginia fire-cured.................................

Virginia sun-cured................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other......................................................
Cut, ground or pulverized...........................

kg
..................

97¢/kg2/

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

Fire-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee............................................

Dark air-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee............................................

Virginia fire-cured.................................

Virginia sun-cured................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Free

$1.21/kg
77.2¢/kg

Free

$1.21/kg
77.2¢/kg

Free

$1.21/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

28.4¢/kg2/

77.2¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Flue-cured....................................................

Burley...........................................................

Fire-cured Kentucky and Tennessee.......

Dark air-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee...................................................

Virginia fire-cured........................................

Virginia sun-cured.......................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2401 (con.)

2401.30

2401.30.03

00

2401.30.06
2401.30.09

00
00

2401.30.13

00

2401.30.16
2401.30.19

00
00

2401.30.23

2401.30.25

2401.30.27

10

20

35

40

50

60

90

10

20

35

40

50

60

90

10

20

35

40

50

60

90

IV
24-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2401 (con.)

2401.30
(con.)

2401.30.33

2401.30.35

2401.30.37

10

20

35

40

50

60

90

10

20

35

40

50

60

90

10

20

35

40

50

60

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Unmanufactured tobacco (whether or not threshed or similarly
processed); tobacco refuse: (con.)

Tobacco refuse: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its provisions:

Tobacco stems:

Not cut, not ground and not
pulverized..............................................
Flue-cured......................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Burley..............................................

kg

Fire-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Dark air-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Virginia fire-cured..........................

Virginia sun-cured.........................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other...............................................
Cut, ground or pulverized....................

kg
..................

97¢/kg2/

Flue-cured......................................

Burley..............................................

Fire-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Dark air-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee......................................

Virginia fire-cured..........................

Virginia sun-cured.........................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Free

Free (A+, BH, CL,

$1.21/kg

CO, D, E, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Other...............................................
Other.............................................................

kg
..................

28.4¢/kg2/

Free (A+, BH, CL,

77.2¢/kg

CO, D, E, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

Fire-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee............................................

Dark air-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee............................................

Virginia fire-cured.................................

Virginia sun-cured................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
24-11

2

Unmanufactured tobacco (whether or not threshed or similarly
processed); tobacco refuse: (con.)

Tobacco refuse: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2401 (con.)

2401.30
(con.)

2401.30.70

Other...................................................................

..................

350%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

350%

IL, KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9918.24.10-

9918.24.11 (CO)

10

20

35

40

50

60

90

Flue-cured....................................................

Burley...........................................................

Fire-cured Kentucky and Tennessee.......

Dark air-cured Kentucky and
Tennessee...................................................

Virginia fire-cured........................................

Virginia sun-cured.......................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

IV
24-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2402

2402.10
2402.10.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cigars, cheroots, cigarillos and cigarettes, of tobacco or of
tobacco substitutes:

Cigars, cheroots and cigarillos, containing tobacco:

Each valued less than 15¢.............................................

..................

$1.89/kg +
4.7%3/2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)3/

$9.92/kg +
25%3/

30

70

Small cigars, cheroots and cigarillos (weighing not
more than 1.36 kg/1000).........................................

Other..........................................................................

2402.10.60

00

Each valued 15¢ or over but less than 23¢..................

thousands
kg

thousands
kg
thousands.
kg

57¢/kg + 1.4%3/2/

2402.10.80

Each valued 23¢ or over.................................................

..................

57¢/kg + 1.4%3/2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)3/

$9.92/kg +
25%3/

$9.92/kg +
25%3/

30

50

80

Small cigars, cheroots and cigarillos (weighing not
more than 1.36 kg/1000).........................................

Other, each valued 23¢ or more but not more than
76¢.............................................................................

Other..........................................................................

thousands
kg

thousands
kg

thousands
kg

2402.20
2402.20.10

00

Cigarettes containing tobacco:

Containing clove..............................................................

2402.20.80

00

Paper-wrapped.........................................................

Other:

2402.20.90

00

Other..........................................................................

2402.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

thousands.
kg

41.7¢/kg +
0.9%3/2/

thousands.
kg

$1.05/kg +
2.3%3/2/

thousands.
kg

$1.50/kg +
3.2%3/2/

thousands.
kg

$1.05/kg +
2.3%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)3/

$9.92/kg +
25%3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)3/
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$9.92/kg +
25%3/

$9.92/kg+
25%3/

$9.92/kg +

25%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2403

2403.11.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
24-13

2

Other manufactured tobacco and manufactured tobacco
substitutes; "homogenized" or "reconstituted" tobacco; tobacco
extracts and essences:

Smoking tobacco, whether or not containing tobacco
substitutes in any proportion:

Water pipe tobacco, specified in subheading note 1 to
this chapter3/.....................................................................

kg..............

32.8¢/kg2/

$1.21/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2403.19
2403.19.20

Other:

Prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer
in the identical form and package in which
imported3/...................................................................

..................

32.8¢/kg2/

2403.19.30

2403.19.60

2403.19.90

20

50

80

50

60

80

90

50

60

80

90

50

60

80

90

Pipe tobacco.......................................................

kg

Roll-your-own tobacco for making
cigarettes............................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

To be used in products other than
cigarettes............................................................

..................

32.8¢/kg2/

Flue-cured....................................................

Burley...........................................................

Maryland......................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

..................

32.8¢/kg2/

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

Maryland...............................................

kg

kg

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg
..................

350%2/

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

Maryland...............................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

$1.21/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.21/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,

$1.21/kg

CO, D, E, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

350%

IL, KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9918.24.10-

9918.24.11 (CO)

IV
24-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2403 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other manufactured tobacco and manufactured tobacco
substitutes; "homogenized" or "reconstituted" tobacco; tobacco
extracts and essences: (con.)

Other:

2403.91
2403.91.20

00

"Homogenized" or "reconstituted" tobacco:

Suitable for use as wrapper tobacco......................

kg..............

62¢/kg1/

2403.91.43

To be used in products other than
cigarettes............................................................

..................

19.9¢/kg2/

Other:

2403.91.45

2403.91.47

50

60

80

90

50

60

80

90

50

60

80

90

Flue-cured....................................................

Burley...........................................................

Maryland......................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

..................

19.9¢/kg1/

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

Maryland...............................................

kg

kg

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg
..................

350%1/

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

Maryland...............................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

$6.45/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,

$1.10/kg

CO, D, E, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

350%

IL, KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9918.24.10-

9918.24.11 (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
24-15

2

Other manufactured tobacco and manufactured tobacco
substitutes; "homogenized" or "reconstituted" tobacco; tobacco
extracts and essences: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer
in the identical form and package in which
imported.....................................................................

..................

24.7¢/kg2/

Chewing tobacco3/.............................................

kg

Snuff and snuff flours of a kind described in
statistical note 1 to this chapter3/......................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

To be used in products other than
cigarettes............................................................

..................

24.7¢/kg2/

Flue-cured....................................................

Burley...........................................................

Other:

Partially manufactured, blended or
mixed tobacco......................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.....................................................

..................

24.7¢/kg2/

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Partially manufactured, blended
or mixed tobacco...........................

kg

Other...............................................
Other.............................................................

kg
..................

350%2/

Flue-cured.............................................

Burley.....................................................

Other:

Partially manufactured, blended
or mixed tobacco...........................

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

$1.21/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.21/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,

$1.21/kg

CO, D, E, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

350%

IL, KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
See 9918.24.10-

9918.24.11 (CO)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2403 (con.)

2403.99
2403.99.21

2403.99.31

2403.99.60

2403.99.90

30

40

90

50

60

65

70

50

60

65

70

50

60

65

70

IV
24-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2404

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Products containing tobacco, reconstituted tobacco, nicotine,
or tobacco or nicotine substitutes, intended for inhalation
without combustion; other nicotine containing products intended
for the intake of nicotine into the human body:

Products intended for inhalation without combustion:

2404.11.00

00

Containing tobacco or reconstituted tobacco..............

kg..............

24.7¢/kg2/

2404.12

Other, containing nicotine:

2404.12.05

10

90

10

90
00

2404.12.10

2404.12.90

Mixtures for personal electric or electronic
vaporizing devices:

Mixtures containing 5 percent or more by
weight of one or more aromatic or modified
aromatic substances.........................................

..................

6.5%2/

Disposable electronic cigarettes
(e-cigarettes) and similar disposable
personal electronic vaporizing devices
containing nicotine......................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

5%2/

Disposable electronic cigarettes
(e-cigarettes) and similar disposable
personal electronic vaporizing devices
containing nicotine......................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5%2/

$1.21/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2404 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IV
24-17

2

Products containing tobacco, reconstituted tobacco, nicotine,
or tobacco or nicotine substitutes, intended for inhalation
without combustion; other nicotine containing products intended
for the intake of nicotine into the human body: (con.)

Products intended for inhalation without combustion: (con.)

2404.19

Other:

2404.19.05

10

90

10

90
00

2404.19.10

2404.19.90

Mixtures for personal electric or electronic
vaporizing devices:

Mixtures containing 5 percent or more by
weight of one or more aromatic or modified
aromatic substances.........................................

..................

6.5%2/

Disposable electronic cigarettes
(e-cigarettes) and similar disposable
personal electronic vaporizing devices
containing nicotine......................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

5%2/

Disposable electronic cigarettes
(e-cigarettes) and similar disposable
personal electronic vaporizing devices
containing nicotine......................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

24.7¢/kg2/

2404.91.00

00

For oral application..........................................................

kg..............

6.4%1/

Other:

2404.92.00

00

For transdermal application...........................................

kg..............

2404.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5%2/

5%2/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.21/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IV
Endnotes--page 24 - 18
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ Imports under this provision may be subject to Federal Excise Tax (26 U.S.C. 5701).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION V

MINERAL PRODUCTS

V-1

V-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 25

SALT; SULFUR; EARTHS AND STONE;
PLASTERING MATERIALS, LIME AND CEMENT

V
25-1

Notes

1. Except where their context or note 4 to this chapter otherwise requires, the headings of this chapter cover only products which
are in the crude state or which have been washed (even with chemical substances eliminating the impurities without changing
the structure of the product), crushed, ground, powdered, levigated, sifted, screened, concentrated by flotation, magnetic separation
or other mechanical or physical processes (except crystallization), but not products which have been roasted, calcined, obtained
by mixing or subjected to processing beyond that mentioned in each heading.

The products of this chapter may contain an added anti-dusting agent, provided that such addition does not render the product
particularly suitable for a specific use rather than for general use.

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Sublimed sulfur, precipitated sulfur or colloidal sulfur (heading 2802);

(b) Earth colors containing 70 percent or more by weight of combined iron evaluated as Fe2O3 (heading 282l);

(c) Medicaments or other products of chapter 30;

(d) Perfumery, cosmetic or toilet preparations (chapter 33);

(e) Dolomite ramming mix (heading 3816);

(f) Setts, curbstones or flagstones (heading 6801); mosaic cubes and the like (heading 6802); roofing, facing or damp course

slates (heading 6803);

(g) Precious or semiprecious stones (heading 7102 or 7103);

(h) Cultured crystals (other than optical elements) weighing not less than 2.5 g each, of sodium chloride or of magnesium oxide,

of heading 3824; optical elements of sodium chloride or of magnesium oxide (heading 9001);

(ij) Billiard chalks (heading 9504); or

(k) Writing or drawing chalks or tailors' chalks (heading 9609).

3. Any products classifiable in heading 2517 and any other heading of the chapter are to be classified in heading 2517.

4. Heading 2530 applies, inter alia, to: vermiculite, perlite and chlorites, unexpanded; earth colors, whether or not calcined or mixed

together; natural micaceous iron oxides; meerschaum (whether or not in polished pieces); amber; agglomerated meerschaum
and agglomerated amber, in plates, rods, sticks or similar forms, not worked after molding; jet; strontianite (whether or not
calcined), other than strontium oxide; broken pieces of pottery, brick or concrete.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of heading 2525:

(a) The term "split block mica" means mica, not exceeding 0.508 mm in thickness, that has been split and selected within a

tolerance of 0.203 mm, but which has not been cut or stamped to dimensions, shape or form;

(b) The term "mica splittings" means mica laminae in book-form or book-pack, or in loose pack, suitable for use in the manufacture

of agglomerated (built-up) mica included in heading 6815.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
25-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2501.00.00

00

Salt (including table salt and denatured salt) and pure sodium
chloride, whether or not in aqueous solution or containing
added anti-caking or free-flowing agents; sea water................

t .................

Free1/

2502.00.00

00

Unroasted iron pyrites..................................................................

t .................

Free1/

2503.00.00

2504
2504.10
2504.10.10

2504.10.50
2504.90.00

2505

10

90

00

00
00

2505.10
2505.10.10

00

Sulfur of all kinds, other than sublimed sulfur, precipitated
sulfur and colloidal sulfur.............................................................
Crude or unrefined sulfur.......................................................

..................
t

Free1/

Other........................................................................................

t

Natural graphite:

In powder or in flakes:

Crystalline flake (not including flake dust)....................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free3/

Free3/
Free3/

Natural sands of all kinds, whether or not colored, other than
metalbearing sands of chapter 26:
Silica sands and quartz sands:

Sand containing by weight 95 percent or more of silica
and not more than 0.6 percent of oxide of iron.............

t .................

Free1/

2505.10.50
2505.90.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

t .................
t .................

Free1/
Free1/

2506

2506.10.00

2506.20.00

10

50

10

80

Quartz (other than natural sands); quartzite, whether or not
roughly trimmed or merely cut, by sawing or otherwise, into
blocks or slabs of a rectangular (including square) shape:

Quartz......................................................................................
Sands (other than natural) containing by weight 95
percent or more of silica and not more than 0.6 percent
of oxide of iron.................................................................

..................

Free1/

t

Other.................................................................................
Quartzite..................................................................................
Crude or roughly trimmed...............................................

t
..................
t

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

t

2507.00.00

00

Kaolin and other kaolinic clays, whether or not calcined..........

t .................

Free1/

2508

Other clays (not including expanded clays of heading 6806),
andalusite, kyanite and sillimanite, whether or not calcined;
mullite; chamotte or dinas earths:

2508.10.00

00

Bentonite.................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

2508.30.00

00

Fire-clay...................................................................................

t .................

Free

2508.40.01

2508.50.00

10

20

50
00

Other clays..............................................................................
Common blue clay and other ball clays........................

..................
t

Free1/

Decolorizing earths and fuller's earth............................

t

Other.................................................................................
Andalusite, kyanite and sillimanite.......................................

t
t .................

2508.60.00

00

Mullite......................................................................................

t .................

2508.70.00

00

Chamotte or dinas earth........................................................

t .................

2509.00
2509.00.10

Chalk:

00

Crude.......................................................................................

t .................

2509.00.20

00

Other........................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

26%2/

Free

Free

3.6¢/kg

10%
10%

$1.97/t

Free
Free

Free

Free

$2.46/t

$3.20/t

$1.97/t

$1.97/t

Free

30%

Free

Free

13%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
25-3

Natural calcium phosphates, natural aluminum calcium
phosphates and phosphatic chalk:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2510

2510.10.00

00

Unground................................................................................

t .................

2510.20.00

00

Ground.....................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

2511

2511.10
2511.10.10

00

Natural barium sulfate (barytes); natural barium carbonate
(witherite), whether or not calcined, other than barium oxide
of heading 2816:

Natural barium sulfate (barytes):

Ground..............................................................................

t .................

Free

2511.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

t .................

$1.25/t

2511.20.00

00

Natural barium carbonate (witherite)...................................

kg..............

Free1/

2512.00.00

00

Siliceous fossil meals (for example, kieselguhr, tripolite and
diatomite) and similar siliceous earths, whether or not calcined,
of an apparent specific gravity of 1 or less................................

t .................

Free1/

2513

Pumice; emery; natural corundum, natural garnet and other
natural abrasives, whether or not heat-treated:

2513.10.00

Pumice stone..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

10

80

Crude or in irregular pieces, including crushed
pumice..............................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Emery, natural corundum, natural garnet and other natural
abrasives:

kg

kg

2513.20

2513.20.10

00

Crude or in irregular pieces............................................

kg..............

2513.20.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

2514.00.00

00

Slate, whether or not roughly trimmed or merely cut, by sawing
or otherwise, into blocks or slabs of a rectangular (including
square) shape...............................................................................

t .................

Free1/

2515

Marble, travertine and other calcareous monumental or building
stone of an apparent specific gravity of 2.5 or more, and
alabaster, whether or not roughly trimmed or merely cut, by
sawing or otherwise, into blocks or slabs of a rectangular
(including square) shape:
Marble and travertine:

2515.11.00

00

Crude or roughly trimmed...............................................

m3..............
t

Free1/

2515.12

Merely cut, by sawing or otherwise, into blocks or slabs
of a rectangular (including square) shape:

2515.12.10

00

Marble........................................................................

t .................

2515.12.20

00

Travertine..................................................................

t .................

Free1/

3%1/

2515.20.00

00

Other calcareous monumental or building stone;
alabaster.................................................................................

t .................

3%1/

Free

Free

$7.38/t

$3.94/t

30%

Free2/

Free

Free

2.2¢/kg

25%2/

$22.95/m3

13%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
25-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2516

Granite, porphyry, basalt, sandstone and other monumental
or building stone, whether or not roughly trimmed or merely
cut, by sawing or otherwise, into blocks or slabs of a
rectangular (including square) shape:

Granite:

2516.11.00

00

Crude or roughly trimmed...............................................

2516.12.00

Merely cut, by sawing or otherwise, into blocks or slabs
of a rectangular (including square) shape....................

m3..............
t

Free1/

..................

2.8%1/

30

60

00

2516.20
2516.20.10

2516.20.20

00

Having a thickness of 7.5 cm or more....................

Other..........................................................................

t

t

Sandstone:

Crude or roughly trimmed...............................................

m3..............
t

Free1/

Merely cut, by sawing or otherwise, into blocks or slabs
of a rectangular (including square) shape....................

t .................

3%1/

2516.90.00

Other monumental or building stone....................................

..................

3%1/

30

60

15

20

55
00

2517

2517.10.00

2517.20.00

Having a thickness of 7.5 cm or more...........................

Other.................................................................................

t

t

Pebbles, gravel, broken or crushed stone, of a kind commonly
used for concrete aggregates, for road metalling, or for railway
or other ballast; shingle and flint, whether or not heat-treated;
macadam of slag, dross or similar industrial waste, whether
or not incorporating the materials cited in the first part of the
heading; tarred macadam; granules, chippings and powder,
of stones of heading 2515 or 2516, whether or not heat-treated:
Pebbles, gravel, broken or crushed stone, of a kind
commonly used for concrete aggregates, for road metalling,
or for railway or other ballast, shingle and flint, whether or
not heat-treated......................................................................
Pebbles and gravel.........................................................

Limestone, except pebbles and gravel.........................

Other.................................................................................
Macadam of slag, dross or similar industrial waste, whether
or not incorporating the materials cited in subheading
2517.10...................................................................................

..................
t

Free1/

t

t

t .................

Free1/

2517.30.00

00

Tarred macadam....................................................................

t .................

Granules, chippings and powder, of stones of heading
2515 or 2516, whether or not heat-treated:

2517.41.00

00

Of marble..........................................................................

t .................

2517.49.00

00

Other.................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

$8.83/m3

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$5.30/m3

50%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

30%

30%

30%

$1.10/t

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
25-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2518

2518.10.00

00

Dolomite, whether or not calcined or sintered, including
dolomite roughly trimmed or merely cut, by sawing or otherwise,
into blocks or slabs of a rectangular (including square) shape:
Dolomite, not calcined or sintered........................................

t .................

Free1/

2518.20.00

00

Calcined or sintered dolomite...............................................

t .................

3%1/

2519

Natural magnesium carbonate (magnesite); fused magnesia;
dead-burned (sintered) magnesia, whether or not containing
small quantities of other oxides added before sintering; other
magnesium oxide, whether or not pure:

2519.10.00

00

Natural magnesium carbonate (magnesite)........................

t .................

Free

2519.90
2519.90.10

00

Other:

Fused magnesia and dead-burned (sintered)
magnesia..........................................................................

kg..............

Free

2519.90.20

00

Caustic calcined magnesite...........................................

t .................

Free

2519.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free

2520

Gypsum; anhydrite; plasters (consisting of calcined gypsum
or calcium sulfate) whether or not colored, with or without small
quantities of accelerators or retarders:

2520.10.00

00

Gypsum; anhydrite.................................................................

t .................

2520.20.00

00

Plasters...................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

2521.00.00

00

Limestone flux; limestone and other calcareous stone, of a kind
used for the manufacture of lime or cement..............................

t .................

Free1/

2522

Quicklime, slaked lime and hydraulic lime, other than calcium
oxide and hydroxide of heading 2825:

2522.10.00

00

Quicklime................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2522.20.00

00

Slaked lime.............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2522.30.00

00

Hydraulic lime.........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$10.33/t

1.7¢/kg

$20.70/t

15.4¢/kg2/

Free

$1.38/t

Free

0.2¢/kg,

including
weight of
container

0.3¢/kg,

including
weight of
container

0.2¢/kg,

including
weight of
container

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
25-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2523

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Portland cement, aluminous cement, slag cement, supersulfate
cement and similar hydraulic cements, whether or not colored
or in the form of clinkers:

2523.10.00

00

Cement clinkers......................................................................

t .................

Free1/

2523.21.00

00

White cement, whether or not artificially colored.........

t .................

Free1/

Portland cement:

2523.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

2523.30.00

00

Aluminous cement..................................................................

t .................

Free1/

2523.90.00

00

Other hydraulic cements.......................................................

t .................

Free1/

2524
2524.10.00

2524.90.00

2525
2525.10.00

2525.20.00

10

30

40

45

55
60

10

20

50
00

Asbestos:

00

Crocidolite (Blue)....................................................................

t .................

Other........................................................................................
Amosite.............................................................................

..................
t

Chrysotile:

Crudes.......................................................................

Milled fibers, group 3 grades (spinning fibers or
equivalent).................................................................

Milled fibers, group 4 and 5 grades........................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

t

t

t

t
t

Mica, including splittings; mica waste:

Crude mica and mica rifted into sheets or splittings..........
Split block mica...............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Mica splittings..................................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Mica powder...........................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

2525.30.00

00

Mica waste..............................................................................

kg..............

2526

Natural steatite, whether or not roughly trimmed or merely cut,
by sawing or otherwise, into blocks or slabs of a rectangular
(including square) shape; talc:

2526.10.00

00

Not crushed, not powdered...................................................

kg..............

Free

2526.20.00

00

Crushed or powdered............................................................

t .................

Free

$1.32/t,

including
weight of
container

$1.76/t,

including
weight of
container

$1.32/t,

including
weight of
container

$1.32/t,

including
weight of
container

$1.32/t,

including
weight of
container

Free

Free

Free

20%

8.8¢/kg

0.6¢/kg

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2528.00.00

05

10

50

00

2529
2529.10.00

2529.21.00

00

2529.22.00

00

2529.30.00

10

50

00

00

00

00

2530
2530.10.00

2530.20
2530.20.10

2530.20.20
2530.90
2530.90.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
25-7

Natural borates and concentrates thereof (whether or not
calcined), but not including borates separated from natural
brine; natural boric acid containing not more than 85 percent
of H3BO3 calculated on the dry weight.......................................
Natural sodium borates and concentrates thereof (whether
or not calcined).......................................................................

Natural calcium borates........................................................

Other........................................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free

kg

kg

kg

Feldspar; leucite, nepheline and nepheline syenite; fluorspar:
Feldspar..................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Fluorspar:

Containing by weight 97 percent or less of calcium
fluoride..............................................................................

t .................

Free

Containing by weight more than 97 percent of calcium
fluoride..............................................................................
Leucite; nepheline and nepheline syenite...........................
Nepheline syenite............................................................

t .................
..................
t

Free
Free1/

Other.................................................................................

t

Mineral substances not elsewhere specified or included:

Vermiculite, perlite and chlorites, unexpanded...................

kg..............

Kieserite, epsom salts (natural magnesium sulfates):

Kieserite............................................................................

kg..............

Epsom salts......................................................................

kg..............

Other:

Natural cryolite; natural chiolite......................................

t .................

2530.90.20

00

Natural micaceous iron oxides.......................................

kg..............

2530.90.80

10

15

50

Other.................................................................................
Celestite.....................................................................

..................
kg

Free

Earth colors...............................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

2.9%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

49¢/t

13.5%

$5.51/t
Free

Free

Free

20%

Free

20%

0.3¢/kg2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
Endnotes--page 25 - 8
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.91.06.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 26

ORES, SLAG AND ASH

V
26-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Slag or similar industrial waste prepared as macadam (heading 2517);

(b) Natural magnesium carbonate (magnesite), whether or not calcined (heading 2519);

(c) Sludges from the storage tanks of petroleum oils, consisting mainly of such oils (heading 2710);

(d) Basic slag of chapter 31;

(e) Slag wool, rock wool or similar mineral wools (heading 6806);

(f) Waste or scrap of precious metal or of metal clad with precious metal; other waste or scrap containing precious metal or
precious metal compounds, of a kind used principally for the recovery of precious metal (heading 7112 or 8549); or

(g) Copper, nickel or cobalt mattes produced by any process of smelting (section XV).

2.

For the purposes of headings 2601 to 2617, the term "ores" means minerals of mineralogical species actually used in the
metallurgical industry for the extraction of mercury, of the metals of heading 2844 or of the metals of section XIV or XV, even if
they are intended for non-metallurgical purposes. Headings 2601 to 2617 do not, however, include minerals which have been
submitted to processes not normal to the metallurgical industry.

3. Heading 2620 applies only to:

(a) Slag, ash and residues of a kind used in industry either for the extraction of metals or as a basis for the manufacture of

chemical compounds of metals, excluding ash and residues from the incineration of municipal waste (heading 2621); and

(b) Slag, ash and residues containing arsenic, whether or not containing metals, of a kind used either for the extraction of arsenic

or metals or for the manufacture of their chemical compounds.

Subheading Notes

1.

For the purposes of subheading 2620.21.00, "leaded gasoline sludges and leaded anti-knock compound sludges" means sludges
obtained from storage tanks of leaded gasoline and leaded anti-knock compounds (for example, tetraethyl lead), and consisting
essentially of lead, lead compounds and iron oxide.

2. Slag, ash and residues containing arsenic, mercury, thallium or their mixtures, of a kind used for the extraction of arsenic or

those metals or for the manufacture of their chemical compounds, are to be classified in subheading 2620.60.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

The specific rates of duty imposed under the headings of this chapter on the metal content of ores and other materials shall
apply to the assay quantity of metal contained therein, whether recovered as metals, as alloys or as chemical compounds or
used directly in the manufacture of articles, except that with respect to ores or other materials provided for in this chapter which
are subject to duty at specific rates on their copper, lead or zinc content, an absolute deduction for losses of 18 kg per dry metric
ton from the respective quantities of each of such metal contents shall be allowed.

2. When the classification of imported materials under any provision of this chapter is dependent on the percentage of metal content,
such percentage shall be the ratio of the total quantity of the respective metal content to the total quantity of imported material
when computed on a dry-weight basis; i.e., free of all uncombined moisture.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

The quantity of metal content to be reported shall be the assay quantity without deductions.

For the purposes of subheading 2601.11.0060, the term "coarse" refers to iron ores with a majority of individual particles having
a diameter exceeding 4.75 mm.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
26-2
Statistical Notes (con.)

3.

For the purposes of any of the ten-digit statistical reporting numbers appearing under the eight-digit subheadings 2603.00.00,
2604.00.00, 2607.00.00, 2608.00.00, 2616.10.00, 2616.90.00, 2620.19.60, 2620.21.00, 2620.29.00 or 2620.30.00, and the
ten-digit statistical reporting numbers 2620.99.7560 and 2620.99.7580 for the eight-digit subheading specifying that a named
metal content is to be reported, the weight and value of such metal contained in any shipment of the ores, concentrates, slag,
ash or residues entered under such subheading shall be reported under each applicable statistical reporting number. If a product
covered by one of these provisions includes more than one of the named metals, it would be necessary to enter multiple ten-digit
subheadings with the weight and value of each metal indicated under the appropriate ten-digit subheading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
26-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2601

Iron ores and concentrates, including roasted iron pyrites:

2601.11.00

2601.12.00

2601.20.00

2602.00.00

30

60

90

30

60

90
00

Iron ores and concentrates, other than roasted iron pyrites:
Non-agglomerated..........................................................
Concentrates.............................................................

..................
t

Free1/

Ores:

Coarse.................................................................

t

Other...................................................................
Agglomerated..................................................................
Pellets........................................................................

t
..................
t

Free1/

Briquettes..................................................................

t

Other..........................................................................
Roasted iron pyrites...............................................................

t
t .................

Free1/

Manganese ores and concentrates, including ferruginous
manganese ores and concentrates with a manganese content
of 20 percent or more, calculated on the dry weight.................

..................

Free3/

40

Containing less than 47 percent by weight of
manganese.............................................................................

60

Containing 47 percent or more by weight of manganese...

kg
Mn kg

kg
Mn kg

2603.00.00

Copper ores and concentrates....................................................

..................

1.7¢/kg on lead

content

10

20

30

40

50

40

80

2604.00.00

Copper content.......................................................................

Lead content...........................................................................

Zinc content............................................................................

Silver content..........................................................................

Gold content...........................................................................

Cu kg4/

Pb kg4/

Zn kg4/

Ag g4/

Au g4/

Nickel ores and concentrates......................................................
Nickel content.........................................................................

..................
Ni kg4/

Free1/

Other metal content...............................................................

kg4/

2605.00.00

00

Cobalt ores and concentrates.....................................................

kg..............
Co kg

Free3/

2606.00.00

Aluminum ores and concentrates...............................................

..................

Free3/

Bauxite, calcined:

30

60
90

Refractory grade..............................................................

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

t

t
t

Free

Free2/

Free

2.2¢/kg on

manganese
content

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8.8¢/kg on
copper
content +
3.3¢/kg on
lead content
+ 3.7¢/kg on
zinc content

Free

Free

$1/t

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
26-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

2607.00.00

Lead ores and concentrates........................................................

..................

General
1.1¢/kg on lead
content1/

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

Special
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

Copper content.......................................................................

Lead content...........................................................................

Zinc content............................................................................

Silver content..........................................................................

Gold content...........................................................................

Cu kg4/

Pb kg4/

Zn kg4/

Ag g4/

Au g4/

2608.00.00

Zinc ores and concentrates.........................................................

..................

Free3/

2

8.8¢/kg on
copper
content +
3.3¢/kg on
lead content
+ 3.7¢/kg on
zinc content

8.8¢/kg on
copper
content +
3.3¢/kg on
lead content
+ 3.7¢/kg on
zinc content

10

20

30

40

50

Copper content.......................................................................

Lead content...........................................................................

Zinc content............................................................................

Silver content..........................................................................

Gold content...........................................................................

Cu kg4/

Pb kg4/

Zn kg4/

Ag g4/

Au g4/

2609.00.00

00

Tin ores and concentrates...........................................................

t .................
Sn t

Free

2610.00.00

Chromium ores and concentrates...............................................

..................

Free3/

Free

Free

20

40

60

Having a chromium content equivalent to not more than
40 percent chromic oxide (Cr2O3)........................................

Having a chromium content equivalent to more than 40
percent but less than 46 percent chromic oxide (Cr2O3)....

Having a chromium content equivalent to 46 percent or
more chromic oxide (Cr2O3)..................................................

t
Cr2O3 t

t
Cr2O3 t

t
Cr2O3 t

2611.00
2611.00.30

Tungsten ores and concentrates:

00

Ores.........................................................................................

kg..............
W kg

Free

2611.00.60

00

Concentrates..........................................................................

kg..............
W kg

37.5¢/kg on
tungsten
content3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2612
2612.10.00

Uranium or thorium ores and concentrates:

00

Uranium ores and concentrates...........................................

kg..............

Free1/

2612.20.00

00

Thorium ores and concentrates............................................

t .................

Free

$1.10/kg on
tungsten
content

$1.10/kg on
tungsten
content

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
26-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2613
2613.10.00

Molybdenum ores and concentrates:

00

Roasted...................................................................................

2613.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............
Mo kg

12.8¢/kg on

molybdenum
content + 1.8%

kg..............
Mo kg

17.8¢/kg on

molybdenum
content

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg on

molybdenum
content +
15%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

77.2¢/kg on

molybdenum
content

2614.00
2614.00.30

2614.00.60

Titanium ores and concentrates:

00

Synthetic rutile........................................................................

kg..............

Other........................................................................................
Ilmenite and ilmenite sand..............................................

..................
kg

Other (including rutile and rutile sand)..........................

kg

20

40

Free1/

Free1/

2615

Niobium (columbium), tantalum, vanadium or zirconium ores
and concentrates:

2615.10.00

00

Zirconium ores and concentrates.........................................

kg..............

Free1/

2615.90
2615.90.30

00

2615.90.60

30

60

90

Other:

Synthetic tantalum-niobium (columbium)
concentrates....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Niobium (columbium) ores and concentrates.......

..................
kg

Free1/

Tantalum ores and concentrates............................

kg

Vanadium ores and concentrates...........................

kg
V2O5 kg

30%

Free

Free2/

30%

Free

V
26-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2616
2616.10.00

10

20

30

40

80

10

20

30

40

50

00

30

60

2616.90.00

2617
2617.10.00

2617.90.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Precious metal ores and concentrates:

Silver ores and concentrates................................................

..................

0.8¢/kg on lead
content1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Copper content................................................................

Lead content....................................................................

Zinc content.....................................................................

Silver content...................................................................

Cu kg4/

Pb kg4/

Zn kg4/

Ag g4/

Gold content.....................................................................
Other........................................................................................

Au g4/
..................

1.7¢/kg on lead
content1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Copper content................................................................

Lead content....................................................................

Zinc content.....................................................................

Gold content.....................................................................

Other precious metal content.........................................

Cu kg4/

Pb kg4/

Zn kg4/

Au g4/

g4/

Other ores and concentrates:

Antimony ores and concentrates..........................................

kg..............
Sb kg

Free

Other........................................................................................
Beryllium ores and concentrates...................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

kg

2618.00.00

00

Granulated slag (slag sand) from the manufacture of iron or
steel................................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

2619.00

Slag, dross (other than granulated slag), scalings and other
waste from the manufacture of iron or steel:

2619.00.30

00

Ferrous scale..........................................................................

t .................

2619.00.90

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

8.8¢/kg on
copper
content +
3.3¢/kg on
lead content
+ 3.7¢/kg on
zinc content

8.8¢/kg on
copper
content +
3.3¢/kg on
lead content
+ 3.7¢/kg on
zinc content

Free

Free

10%

73.8¢/t

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
26-7

Slag, ash and residues (other than from the manufacture of
iron or steel), containing arsenic, metals or their compounds:

Containing mainly zinc:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2620

2620.11.00

00

Hard zinc spelter.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2620.19
2620.19.30

00

Other:

Zinc dross and zinc skimmings...............................

kg..............
Zn kg

Free1/

2620.19.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

0.7¢/kg on

copper content
+ 0.7¢/kg on
lead content1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2620.21.00

2620.29.00

10

20

30

40

50

10

20

30

40

50

10

20

30

40

50

Copper content...................................................

Lead content.......................................................

Zinc content........................................................

Silver content......................................................

Gold content.......................................................

Cu kg4/

Pb kg4/

Zn kg4/

Ag g4/

Au g4/

Containing mainly lead:

Leaded gasoline sludges and leaded anti-knock
compound sludges..........................................................

..................

Free1/

Copper content.........................................................

Lead content.............................................................

Zinc content...............................................................

Silver content............................................................

Cu kg4/

Pb kg4/

Zn kg4/

Ag g4/

Gold content..............................................................
Other.................................................................................

Au g4/
..................

Free1/

Copper content.........................................................

Lead content.............................................................

Zinc content...............................................................

Silver content............................................................

Gold content..............................................................

Cu kg4/

Pb kg4/

Zn kg4/

Ag g4/

Au g4/

5%

3.3¢/kg

8.8¢/kg on
copper
content +
3.3¢/kg on
lead content
+ 3.7¢/kg on
zinc content

8.8¢/kg on
copper
content +
3.3¢/kg on
lead content
+ 3.7¢/kg on
zinc content

8.8¢/kg on
copper
content +
3.3¢/kg on
lead content
+ 3.7¢/kg on
zinc content

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
26-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2620 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Slag, ash and residues (other than from the manufacture of
iron or steel), containing arsenic, metals or their compounds:
(con.)

2620.30.00

Containing mainly copper......................................................

..................

Free1/

8.8¢/kg on
copper
content +
3.3¢/kg on
lead content
+ 3.7¢/kg on
zinc content

10

20

30

40

50

30

60

2620.40.00

2620.60

Copper content................................................................

Lead content....................................................................

Zinc content.....................................................................

Silver content...................................................................

Cu kg4/

Pb kg4/

Zn kg4/

Ag g4/

Gold content.....................................................................
Containing mainly aluminum.................................................
Vanadium bearing materials..........................................

Au g4/
..................
kg
V2O5 kg

Free

Other.................................................................................
Containing arsenic, mercury, thallium or their mixtures, of
a kind used for the extraction of arsenic or those metalsor
for the manufacture of their chemical compounds:

kg

2620.60.10

00

Of a kind used only for the extraction of arsenic or the
manufacture of its chemical compounds......................

kg..............

5%1/

2620.60.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free

25%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
26-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2620 (con.)

2620.91.00

00

2620.99
2620.99.10

00

Slag, ash and residues (other than from the manufacture of
iron or steel), containing arsenic, metals or their compounds:
(con.)

Other:

Containing antimony, beryllium, cadmium, chromium
or their mixtures...............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Containing mainly vanadium...................................

2620.99.20

00

Containing mainly tungsten.....................................

kg..............
V2O5 kg

kg..............
W kg

Free1/

17.6¢/kg on
tungsten
content +
3.8%1/

2620.99.30

00

2620.99.50

00

2620.99.75

20

60

80

90

2620.99.85

00

2621

2621.10.00

00

Materials not provided for elsewhere in this
heading containing by weight over 10 percent
nickel..........................................................................

Slag containing by weight over 40 percent titanium,
and which if containing over 2 percent by weight
of copper, lead, or zinc is not to be treated for the
recovery thereof........................................................

Other materials which are residues not advanced
in value or condition by any means, and which if
containing over 2 percent by weight of copper, lead
or zinc are not to be treated for the recovery
thereof........................................................................
Vanadium bearing materials......................

kg..............
Ni kg

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

..................
kg
V2O5 kg

Other materials containing silver...............

Other materials containing gold................

Au g4/

Au g4/

Other materials that do not contain
vanadium, silver or gold.............................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Other slag and ash, including seaweed ash (kelp); ash and
residues from the incineration of municipal waste:

Ash and residues from the incineration of municipal
waste.......................................................................................

t .................

Free5/

2621.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

30%

Free

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.32/kg on
tungsten
content +
40%

Free

Free

Free

30%

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
Endnotes--page 26 - 10
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.91.01.
4/ Report value only of stated metal content.
5/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 27

MINERAL FUELS, MINERAL OILS AND PRODUCTS
OF THEIR DISTILLATION; BITUMINOUS SUBSTANCES;
MINERAL WAXES

V
27-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Separate chemically defined organic compounds, other than pure methane and propane which are to be classified in heading

2711;

(b) Medicaments of heading 3003 or 3004; or

(c) Mixed unsaturated hydrocarbons of heading 3301, 3302 or 3805.

2. References in heading 2710 to "petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals" include not only petroleum oils and
oils obtained from bituminous minerals, but also similar oils, as well as those consisting mainly of mixed unsaturated hydrocarbons,
obtained by any process, provided that the weight of the nonaromatic constituents exceeds that of the aromatic constituents.

However, the references do not include liquid synthetic polyolefins of which less than 60 percent by volume distills at 300˚C, after
conversion to 1,013 millibars when a reduced-pressure distillation method is used (chapter 39).

3.

For the purposes of heading 2710, "waste oils" means waste containing mainly petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous
minerals (as described in note 2 to this chapter), whether or not mixed with water. These include:

(a) Such oils no longer fit for use as primary products (for example, used lubricating oils, used hydraulic oils and used transformer

oils);

(b) Sludge oils from the storage tanks of petroleum oils, mainly containing such oils and a high concentration of additives (for

example, chemicals) used in the manufacture of the primary products; and

(c) Such oils in the form of emulsions in water or mixtures with water, such as those resulting from oil spills, storage tank

washings, or from the use of cutting oils for machining operations.

Subheading Notes

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

For the purposes of subheading 2701.11, "anthracite" means coal having a volatile matter limit (on a dry, mineral-matter-free
basis) not exceeding 14 percent.

For the purposes of subheading 2701.12, "bituminous coal" means coal having a volatile matter limit (on a dry, mineral-matter-free
basis) exceeding 14 percent and a calorific value limit (on a moist, mineral-matter-free basis) equal to or greater than 5,833
kcal/kg.

For the purposes of subheadings 2707.10, 2707.20, 2707.30, 2707.40, the terms "benzol (benzene)", "toluol (toluene)", "xylol
(xylenes)" and "naphthalene" apply to products which contain more than 50 percent by weight of benzene, toluene, xylenes or
naphthalene, respectively.

For the purposes of subheading 2710.12, "light oils and preparations" are those of which 90 percent or more by volume (including
losses) distill at 210˚C according to the ISO 3405 method (equivalent to the ASTM D 86 method).

For the purposes of the subheadings of heading 2710, the term “biodiesel” means mono-alkyl esters of fatty acids of a kind used
as a fuel, derived from animal, vegetable or microbial fats and oils whether or not used.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

(a) Crude petroleum oils, crude oils obtained from bituminous minerals and reconstituted crude petroleum shall, if products of

Canada, be admitted free of duty and any entry therefor shall be liquidated or reliquidated accordingly if, on or before the
180th day after the date of entry, documentation is filed with the customs officer concerned establishing that, pursuant to a
commercial exchange agreement between the United States and Canadian refiners which has been approved by the Secretary
of Energy--

(i) An import license for the products covered by such entry has been issued by the Secretary; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
27-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(ii) An equivalent amount of domestic or duty-paid foreign crude petroleum oils, crude oils obtained from bituminous minerals
or reconstituted crude petroleum have, pursuant to such commercial exchange agreement and to an export license
issued by the Secretary of Commerce, been exported from the United States to Canada and have not previously been
used to effect the duty-free entry of like Canadian products under this U.S. note.

(b) The Secretary of the Treasury, after consulting with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Energy, shall issue

such rules or regulations as may be necessary governing the admission of Canadian products pursuant to the provisions of
this U.S. note.

2.

For the purposes of heading 2710, "petroleum oils" includes only products having:

(a) A Congealing Point (ASTM D 938) of less than 30˚C;

(b)

If the Congealing Point is not less than 30˚C:

(i) A density at 70˚C of less than 0.942 and a Worked Cone Penetration (ASTM D 217) or a Cone Penetration or (ASTM

D 937) at 25˚C of not less than 350; or

(ii)

If the density at 70˚C is not less than 0.942 having a Needle Penetration (ASTM D 5) at 25˚C of not less than 400.

3.

4.

5.

For the purposes of subheading 2710.12.15, "motor fuel" is any product derived primarily from petroleum, shale or natural gas,
whether or not containing additives, which is principally used as a fuel in internal-combustion or other engines.

For the purposes of subheadings 2710.12.18, 2710.19.25 and 2710.20.15, "motor fuel blending stock" means any product (except
naphthas of subheading 2710.12.25) derived primarily from petroleum, shale oil or natural gas, whether or not containing additives,
to be used for direct blending in the manufacture of motor fuel.

In determining the relative weights of components of the mixtures provided for in subheadings 2710.12.45 and 2710.19.45,
naphtha and other petroleum derivatives which may be present in such mixtures as solvents shall be disregarded.

6.

For the purposes of heading 2716:

(a) The term "electrical energy" does not include electrical energy transmitted as a medium of communication; and

(b) Electrical energy shall not be subject to the entry requirements for imported merchandise set forth in section 484 of the Tariff

Act of 1930, as amended, (19 U.S.C. 1484), but shall be entered on a periodic basis in accordance with regulations to be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.

7.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term barrel (bbl) means a barrel of 158.98 liters measured at 15.6˚C.

8. Subheading 2712.10.00 does not include petroleum jelly, suitable for use for the care of the skin, put up in packings of a kind

sold at retail for such use (subheading 3304.99.10).

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 2710.12.4560, the term “renewable fuels” means fuels produced from biogenic
material according to the ISO 16620-2 method (equivalent to the ASTM D 6866 method).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
27-3

Coal; briquettes, ovoids and similar solid fuels manufactured
from coal:

Coal, whether or not pulverized, but not agglomerated:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2701

2701.11.00

00

Anthracite.........................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

10

50

10

50
00

2701.12.00

2701.19.00

2701.20.00

2702
2702.10.00

Bituminous coal...............................................................
Metallurgical coal......................................................

..................
t

Other..........................................................................
Other coal.........................................................................
Sub-bituminous coal.................................................

t
..................
t

Other..........................................................................

t

Briquettes, ovoids and similar solid fuels manufactured
from coal..................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Lignite, whether or not agglomerated, excluding jet:

00

Lignite, whether or not pulverized, but not agglomerated..

t .................

2702.20.00

00

Agglomerated lignite..............................................................

t .................

2703.00.00

00

Peat (including peat litter), whether or not agglomerated........

t .................

2704.00.00

Coke and semicoke of coal, of lignite or of peat, whether or
not agglomerated; retort carbon..................................................

..................

Free

11

Coke and semicoke of coal:

Coke larger than 100 mm (4 inches) in maximum
diameter and at least 50 percent of which is retained
on a 100-mm (4-inch) sieve after drop shatter testing
pursuant to ASTM D 3038, of a kind used in
foundries...........................................................................

25
50

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

t

t
t

2705.00.00

00

Coal gas, water gas, producer gas and similar gases, other
than petroleum gases and other gaseous hydrocarbons.........

2706.00.00

00

Tar distilled from coal, from lignite or from peat, and other
mineral tars, whether or not dehydrated or partially distilled,
including reconstituted tars..........................................................

Free1/

thousand
m3..............
kg

liters..........

Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free2/

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
27-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2707

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Oils and other products of the distillation of high temperature
coal tar; similar products in which the weight of the aromatic
constituents exceeds that of the nonaromatic constituents:

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

2707.10.00

00

Benzene..................................................................................

liters..........

2707.20.00

00

Toluene...................................................................................

liters..........

2707.30.00

2707.40.00

10

20

30

40
00

2707.50.00

00

Xylenes....................................................................................
m-Xylene..........................................................................

..................
liters

o-Xylene............................................................................

liters

p-Xylene...........................................................................

liters

Other.................................................................................
Naphthalene...........................................................................

liters
kg..............
liters

Free1/

Other aromatic hydrocarbon mixtures of which 65 percent
or more by volume (including losses) distills at 250˚C by
the ISO 3405 method (equivalent to the ASTM D 86
method)...................................................................................

kg..............
liters

Free1/

Other:

2707.91.00

00

Creosote oils....................................................................

liters..........

2707.99
2707.99.10

00

Other:

Light oil.......................................................................

liters..........

2707.99.20

00

Picolines....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

2707.99.40

00

Carbazole having a purity of 65 percent or more
by weight...................................................................

kg..............

0.9¢/kg + 3%1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+40%

2707.99.51

00

Containing more than 50 percent by weight of
hydroxybenzene.................................................

kg..............

Phenols:

2.9¢/kg +
12.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7.7¢/kg +
29.5%

2707.99.55

00

Metacresol, orthocresol, paracresol and
metaparacresol, all the foregoing having a
purity of 75 percent or more by weight............

kg..............

0.9¢/kg + 3%1/

2707.99.59
2707.99.90

00

10

90

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Carbon black feedstocks..................................

kg..............
..................
bbl

Free1/
Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg

2708

Pitch and pitch coke, obtained from coal tar or from other
mineral tars:

2708.10.00

00

Pitch.........................................................................................

kg..............

2708.20.00

00

Pitch coke...............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
42.5%

Free
Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
27-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2709.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
crude:

2709.00.10

00

Testing under 25 degrees A.P.I............................................

bbl.............

5.25¢/bbl1/

2709.00.20

Testing 25 degrees A.P.I. or more.......................................

..................

10.5¢/bbl1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

10

90

Condensate derived wholly from natural gas...............

Other.................................................................................

bbl

bbl

2710

2710.12
2710.12.15

10

14

19
20

50

05

90
00

2710.12.18

2710.12.25

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included, containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, other than those containing biodiesel and
other than waste oils:

Light oils and preparations:

Motor fuel...................................................................

..................

52.5¢/bbl1/

Gasoline:

Leaded.........................................................

bbl

Unleaded:

Reformulated........................................

bbl

Other......................................................
Jet fuel, naphtha-type........................................

bbl
bbl

Other...................................................................
Motor fuel blending stock.........................................

bbl
..................

52.5¢/bbl1/

Reformulated blendstock for oxygenate
blending (RBOB)...............................................

Other...................................................................
Naphthas (except motor fuel or motor fuel blending
stock).........................................................................

bbl

bbl

bbl.............

10.5¢/bbl1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

$1.05/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

$1.05/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

V
27-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

2710.12
(con.)

2710.12.45

45

60

95
00

2710.12.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included, containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, other than those containing biodiesel and
other than waste oils: (con.)

Light oils and preparations: (con.)

Other:

Mixtures of hydrocarbons not elsewhere
specified or included, which contain by weight
not over 50 percent of any single hydrocarbon
compound...........................................................

..................

10.5¢/bbl1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Insulating or transformer oils.....................

bbl

Renewable fuels blends containing not
less than 51 percent by volume of biofuel,
as described in statistical note 1 to this
chapter.........................................................

bbl

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

bbl
kg..............
liters

7%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)4/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
27-7

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included, containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, other than those containing biodiesel and
other than waste oils: (con.)

2710.19

Other:

Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended
fuel oils):

2710.19.06

Testing under 25 degrees A.P.I.......................

..................

5.25¢/bbl1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at
37.8˚C of 45 seconds or more but not more
than 125 seconds (No. 4-type fuel oils):

Containing not more than 500 ppm of
sulfur......................................................

Containing more than 500 ppm of
sulfur......................................................

Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at
37.8˚C of more than 125 seconds (heavy
fuel oils):

bbl

bbl

Fuel oil No. 5.........................................

bbl

Fuel oil No. 6.........................................

bbl

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

bbl
bbl

05

15

25

30

35
50

V
27-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included, containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, other than those containing biodiesel and
other than waste oils: (con.)

2710.19
(con.)

Other: (con.)

2710.19.11

Testing 25 degrees A.P.I. or more...................

..................

10.5¢/bbl1/

Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended
fuel oils): (con.)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at
37.8˚C of less than 45 seconds (light fuel
oils):

Fuel oils Nos. 2 and 3:

Diesel oil:

Containing not more than 15
ppm of sulfur............................

bbl

Containing more than 15 ppm
but not more than 500 ppm of
sulfur.........................................

Containing more than 500
ppm of sulfur............................

bbl

bbl

Other:

Containing not more than 15
ppm of sulfur............................

bbl

Containing more than 15 ppm
but not more than 500 ppm of
sulfur.........................................

Containing more than 500
ppm of sulfur............................

bbl

bbl

Other:

Containing not more than 15 ppm
of sulfur...........................................

bbl

Containing more than 15 ppm but
not more than 500 ppm of
sulfur...............................................

Containing more than 500 ppm of
sulfur...............................................

Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at
37.8˚C of 45 seconds or more but not more
than 125 seconds (No. 4-type fuel oils):

Containing not more than 500 ppm of
sulfur......................................................

Containing more than 500 ppm of
sulfur......................................................

bbl

bbl

bbl

bbl

02

03

04

05

07

08

11

13

14

15

25

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
27-9

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included, containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, other than those containing biodiesel and
other than waste oils: (con.)

2710.19
(con.)

Other: (con.)

2710.19.11
(con.)

50

2710.19.16

00

Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended
fuel oils): (con.)

Testing 25 degrees A.P.I. or more (con.)

Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at
37.8˚C of more than 125 seconds (heavy
fuel oils)........................................................
Kerosene-type jet fuel..............................................

bbl
bbl.............

52.5¢/bbl1/

2710.19.24

00

Motor fuel............................................................

bbl.............

52.5¢/bbl1/

Kerosene (except kerosene-type jet fuel):

2710.19.25

00

Motor fuel blending stock..................................

bbl.............

52.5¢/bbl1/

2710.19.26

00

Kerosene (except kerosene-type jet fuel........

bbl.............

10.5¢/bbl1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

$1.05/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

$1.05/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

$1.05/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

V
27-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included, containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, other than those containing biodiesel and
other than waste oils: (con.)

2710.19
(con.)

Other: (con.)

2710.19.30

Oils......................................................................

..................

84¢/bbl5/

Lubricating oils and greases, with or without
additives:

10

20

30

40

50

70

80

Aviation engine lubricating oils..................

bbl

Automotive, diesel or marine engine
lubricating oils..............................................

Turbine lubricating oil, including marine....

Automotive gear oils...................................

Steam cylinder oils......................................

Quenching or cutting oils............................

Other.............................................................

bbl

bbl

bbl

bbl

bbl

bbl

2710.19.35

00

Greases:

Containing not over 10 percent by weight
of salts of fatty acids of animal (including
marine animal) or vegetable origin............

kg..............

5.8%5/

2710.19.40

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg + 5.7%5/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

$1.68/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%

4.4¢/kg + 20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

2710.19
(con.)

2710.19.45

30

40
45

90
00

2710.19.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

V
27-11

2

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included, containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, other than those containing biodiesel and
other than waste oils: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Mixtures of hydrocarbons not elsewhere
specified or included, which contain by weight
not over 50 percent of any single hydrocarbon
compound...........................................................

..................

10.5¢/bbl1/

White mineral oil:

Medicinal grade....................................

bbl

Other......................................................
Insulating or transformer oils.....................

bbl
bbl

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

bbl
kg..............
liters

7%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

V
27-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

2710.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, containing biodiesel, other than waste oils:
Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended fuel
oils):

2710.20.05

Testing under 25 degrees A.P.I..............................

..................

5.25¢/bbl1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

10

20

50

Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at 37.8˚C
of 45 seconds or more but not more than 125
seconds (No. 4-type fuel oils)...........................

Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at 37.8˚C
of more than 125 seconds (heavy fuel oils).....

Other...................................................................

bbl

bbl

bbl

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

2710.20
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

V
27-13

2

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, containing biodiesel, other than waste oils:
(con.)

Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended fuel
oils): (con.)

2710.20.10

Testing 25 degrees A.P.I. or more..........................

..................

10.5¢/bbl1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at 37.8˚C
of less than 45 seconds (light fuel oils):

Fuel oils Nos. 2 and 3:

Diesel oil:

Containing not more than 15 ppm
of sulfur...........................................

bbl

Containing more than 15 ppm but
not more than 500 ppm of
sulfur...............................................

Containing more than 500 ppm of
sulfur...............................................

bbl

bbl

Other:

Containing not more than 15 ppm
of sulfur...........................................

bbl

Containing more than 15 ppm but
not more than 500 ppm of
sulfur...............................................

Containing more than 500 ppm of
sulfur...............................................

Other:

Containing not more than 15 ppm of
sulfur......................................................

Containing more than 15 ppm but not
more than 500 ppm of sulfur...............

Containing more than 500 ppm of
sulfur......................................................
Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at 37.8˚C
of 45 seconds or more but not more than 125
seconds (No. 4-type fuel oils):

Containing not more than 500 ppm of
sulfur.............................................................

Containing more than 500 ppm of sulfur...
Having a Saybolt Universal viscosity at 37.8˚C
of more than 125 seconds (heavy fuel oils).....

bbl

bbl

bbl

bbl

bbl

bbl

bbl

bbl

02

03

04

05

07

08

11

13

14

15

25
50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
27-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

2710.20
(con.)

2710.20.15

00

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals
(other than crude) and preparations not elsewhere
specified or included containing by weight 70 percent or
more of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals, these oils being the basic constituents of the
preparations, containing biodiesel, other than waste oils:
(con.)

Kerosene-type jet fuel, motor fuel or motor fuel blending
stock.................................................................................

bbl.............

52.5¢/bbl1/

2710.20.25

00

Kerosene (except kerosene-type jet fuel, motor fuel or
motor fuel blending stock)..............................................

bbl.............

10.5¢/bbl1/

Waste oils:

2710.91.00

Containing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs),
polychlorinated terphenyls (PCTs) or polybrominated
biphenyls (PBBs).............................................................

..................

10.5¢/bbl3/

10

50

Containing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) at a
concentration level of 50 mg/kg or more................

bbl

Other, containing polychlorinated terphenyls
(PCTs) or polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs),
whether or not also containing polychlorinated
biphenyls (PCBs) at a concentration level of less
than 50 mg/kg...........................................................

bbl

Free (A+, AU, BH,

$1.05/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

V
27-15

2

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

2710.99

Waste oils: (con.)

Other:

2710.99.05

00

Testing under 25 degrees A.P.I.......................

bbl.............

5.25¢/bbl3/

Wastes of distillate and residual fuel oils (whether
or not blended):

2710.99.10

00

Testing 25 degrees A.P.I. or more...................

bbl.............

10.5¢/bbl3/

2710.99.16

00

Wastes of motor fuel or of motor fuel blending
stock...........................................................................

bbl.............

52.5¢/bbl3/

2710.99.21

00

Wastes of kerosene or naphthas............................

bbl.............

10.5¢/bbl3/

2710.99.31

00

Of oils..................................................................

bbl.............

84¢/bbl3/

Wastes of lubricating oils and greases (whether
or not containing additives):

2710.99.32

00

Of greases:

Containing not over 10 percent by weight
of salts of fatty acids of animal (including
marine animal) or vegetable origin............

kg..............

5.8%3/

2710.99.39

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

1.3¢/kg + 5.7%3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

$1.05/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

$1.68/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%

4.4¢/kg + 20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

V
27-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2710 (con.)

2710.99
(con.)

2710.99.45

00

Petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals,
other than crude; preparations not elsewhere specified or
included, containing by weight 70 percent or more of petroleum
oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals, these oils
being the basic constituents of the preparations; waste oils:
(con.)

Waste oils: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other:

Mixtures of hydrocarbons not elsewhere
specified or included, which contain not over
50 percent of any single hydrocarbon
compound...........................................................

bbl.............

10.5¢/bbl3/

2710.99.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............
liters

7%3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

21¢/bbl

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

V
27-17

2

2711

Petroleum gases and other gaseous hydrocarbons:

Liquefied:

2711.11.00

00

Natural gas.......................................................................

2711.12.00

2711.13.00

2711.14.00

2711.19.00

10

20

10

20

10

20

30

40

10

20

Propane............................................................................
Propane with a minimum purity of 90 liquid volume
percent.......................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Butanes............................................................................
Butanes with a purity of 90 liquid volume percent
or more, but less than 95 liquid volume percent....

m3..............

Free1/

..................

Free1/

m3

m3
..................

Free1/

m3

Other..........................................................................
Ethylene, propylene, butylene and butadiene..............
Ethylene.....................................................................

m3
..................
kg

Free1/

Propylene...................................................................

Butylene.....................................................................

kg

kg

Butadiene..................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Ethane........................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

2711.21.00

00

Natural gas.......................................................................

In gaseous state:

m3..............

Free1/

2711.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

10

15

20

25
60

Propane:

Propane with a minimum purity of 90 liquid
volume percent...................................................

Other...................................................................

Butanes:

Butanes with a purity of 90 liquid volume
percent or more, but less than 95 liquid volume
percent................................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

2712

Petroleum jelly; paraffin wax, microcrystalline petroleum wax,
slack wax, ozokerite, lignite wax, peat wax, other mineral waxes
and similar products obtained by synthesis or by other
processes, whether or not colored:

2712.10.00

00

Petroleum jelly........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2712.20.00

00

Paraffin wax containing by weight less than 0.75 percent
of oil.........................................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

2712.90
2712.90.10

00

Other:

Montan wax......................................................................

kg..............

2712.90.20

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

2.2¢/kg

Free

2.2¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
27-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2713

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Petroleum coke, petroleum bitumen and other residues of
petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous minerals:

Petroleum coke:

2713.11.00

00

Not calcined.....................................................................

t .................

2713.12.00
2713.20.00

00
00

Calcined............................................................................
Petroleum bitumen.................................................................

t .................
t .................

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

2713.90.00

00

Other residues of petroleum oils or of oils obtained from
bituminous materials..............................................................

t .................

Free1/

2714

Bitumen and asphalt, natural; bituminous or oil shale and tar
sands; asphaltites and asphaltic rocks:

2714.10.00

00

Bituminous or oil shale and tar sands..................................

t .................

2714.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

2715.00.00

00

Bituminous mixtures based on natural asphalt, on natural
bitumen, on petroleum bitumen, on mineral tar or on mineral
tar pitch (for example, bituminous mastics, cut-backs)............

t .................

Free1/

2716.00.00

00

Electrical energy............................................................................

MWh.........

Free

Free

45%
Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

V
Endnotes--page 27 - 19

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.15.
4/ For ethyl alcohol or a mixture thereof from CBERA beneficiaries, see section 423 of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, as amended (19
U.S.C. 2703 note); for ethyl alcohol or a mixture thereof from DR-CAFTA beneficiaries, see section 201(a)(3)(B)(ii) of the DR-CAFTA
Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 4031(a)(3)(B)(ii)).
5/ See 9903.88.02.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION VI

PRODUCTS OF THE CHEMICAL OR ALLIED INDUSTRIES

VI-1

Notes

1.

(a) Goods (other than radioactive ores) answering to a description in heading 2844 or 2845 are to be classified in those headings

and in no other heading of the tariff schedule.

(b) Subject to paragraph (a) above, goods answering to a description in heading 2843, 2846 or 2852 are to be classified in those

headings and in no other heading of this section.

2. Subject to note 1 above, goods classifiable in heading 3004, 3005, 3006, 3212, 3303, 3304, 3305, 3306, 3307, 3506, 3707 or

3808 by reason of being put up in measured doses or for retail sale are to be classified in those headings and in no other heading
of the tariff schedule.

3. Goods put up in sets consisting of two or more separate constituents, some or all of which fall in this section and are intended
to be mixed together to obtain a product of section VI or VII, are to be classified in the heading appropriate to that product,
provided that the constituents are:

(a) Having regard to the manner in which they are put up, clearly identifiable as being intended to be used together without first

being repacked;

(b) Entered together; and

(c)

Identifiable, whether by their nature or by the relative proportions in which they are present, as being complementary one
to another.

4. Where a product answers to a description in one or more of the headings in section VI by virtue of being described by name or

function and also to heading 3827, then it is classifiable in a heading that references the product by name or function and not
under heading 3827.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

In determining the amount of duty applicable to a solution of a single compound in water subject to duty in this section at a specific
rate, an allowance in weight or volume, as the case may be, shall be made for the water in excess of any water of crystallization
which may be present in the undissolved compound.

2.

For the purposes of the tariff schedule:

(a) The term "aromatic" as applied to any chemical compound refers to such compound containing one or more fused or unfused

benzene rings;

(b) The term "modified aromatic" describes a molecular structure having at least one six-membered heterocyclic ring which

contains at least four carbon atoms and having an arrangement of molecular bonds as in the benzene ring or in the quinone
ring, but does not include any such molecular structure in which one or more pyrimidine rings are the only modified aromatic
rings present;

(c) For the purposes of headings 2902, 2907 and 3817, the term "alkyl" describes any saturated acyclic hydrocarbon group
having six or more carbon atoms or, subject to note 1 to chapter 29, any mixtures of such groups averaging six or more
carbon atoms.

3.

The term "products described in additional U.S. note 3 to section VI" refers to any product not listed in the Chemical Appendix
to the Tariff Schedule and--

(a) For which the importer furnishes the Chemical Abstracts Service (C.A.S.) registry number and certifies that such registry

number is not listed in the Chemical Appendix to the Tariff Schedule; or

(b) Which the importer certifies not to have a C.A.S. registry number and not to be listed in the Chemical Appendix to the Tariff

Schedule, either under the name used to make Customs entry or under any other name by which it may be known.

VI-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

INORGANIC CHEMICALS; ORGANIC OR INORGANIC COMPOUNDS OF PRECIOUS METALS, OF RARE-EARTH METALS,
OF RADIOACTIVE ELEMENTS OR OF ISOTOPES

CHAPTER 28

VI
28-1

Notes

1. Except where the context otherwise requires, the headings of this chapter apply only to:

(a) Separate chemical elements and separate chemically defined compounds, whether or not containing impurities;

(b) The products mentioned in (a) above dissolved in water;

(c) The products mentioned in (a) above dissolved in other solvents provided that the solution constitutes a normal and necessary
method of putting up these products adopted solely for reasons of safety or for transport and that the solvent does not render
the product particularly suitable for specific use rather than for general use;

(d) The products mentioned in (a), (b) or (c) above with an added stabilizer (including an anticaking agent) necessary for their

preservation or transport;

(e) The products mentioned in (a), (b), (c) or (d) above with an added antidusting agent or a coloring substance added to facilitate
their identification or for safety reasons, provided that the additions do not render the product particularly suitable for specific
use rather than for general use.

2.

In addition to dithionites and sulfoxylates, stabilized with organic substances (heading 2831), carbonates and peroxocarbonates
of inorganic bases (heading 2836), cyanides, cyanide oxides and complex cyanides of inorganic bases (heading 2837), fulminates,
cyanates and thiocyanates, of inorganic bases (heading 2842), organic products included in headings 2843 to 2846 and 2852
and carbides (heading 2849), only the following compounds of carbon are to be classified in this chapter:

(a) Oxides of carbon, hydrogen cyanide and fulminic, isocyanic, thiocyanic and other simple or complex cyanogen acids (heading

2811);

(b) Halide oxides of carbon (heading 2812);

(c) Carbon disulfide (heading 2813);

(d) Thiocarbonates, selenocarbonates, tellurocarbonates, selenocyanates, tellurocyanates, tetrathiocyanatodiamminochromates

(reineckates) and other complex cyanates, of inorganic bases (heading 2842);

(e) Hydrogen peroxide, solidified with urea (heading 2847), carbon oxysulfide, thiocarbonyl halides, cyanogen, cyanogen halides

and cyanamide and its metal derivatives (heading 2853) other than calcium cyanamide, whether or not pure (chapter 31).

3. Subject to the provisions of note 1 to section VI, this chapter does not cover:

(a) Sodium chloride or magnesium oxide, whether or not pure, or other products of section V;

(b) Organo-inorganic compounds other than those mentioned in note 2 above;

(c) Products mentioned in note 2, 3, 4 or 5 to chapter 31;

(d)

Inorganic products of a kind used as luminophores, of heading 3206; glass frit and other glass in the form of powder, granules
or flakes, of heading 3207;

(e) Artificial graphite (heading 3801); products put up as charges for fire-extinguishers or put up in fire-extinguishing grenades,
of heading 3813; ink removers put up in packings for retail sale, of heading 3824; cultured crystals (other than optical
elements) weighing not less than 2.5 g each, of the halides of the alkali or alkaline-earth metals, of heading 3824;

(f) Precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed) or dust or powder of such stones (headings 7102 to

7105), or precious metals or precious metal alloys of chapter 71;

(g) The metals, whether or not pure, metal alloys or cermets, including sintered metal carbides (metal carbides sintered with a

metal), of section XV; or

(h) Optical elements, for example, of the halides of the alkali or alkaline-earth metals (heading 9001).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-2
Notes (con.)

4. Chemically defined complex acids consisting of a nonmetal acid of subchapter II and a metal acid of subchapter IV are to be

classified in heading 2811.

5. Headings 2826 to 2842 apply only to metal or ammonium salts or peroxysalts.

Except where the context otherwise requires, double or complex salts are to be classified in heading 2842.

6. Heading 2844 applies only to:

(a) Technetium (atomic No. 43), promethium (atomic No. 61), polonium (atomic No. 84) and all elements with an atomic number

greater than 84;

(b) Natural or artificial radioactive isotopes (including those of the precious metals or of the base metals of sections XIV and

XV), whether or not mixed together;

(c) Compounds, inorganic or organic, of these elements or isotopes, whether or not chemically defined, whether or not mixed

together;

(d) Alloys, dispersions (including cermets), ceramic products and mixtures containing these elements or isotopes or inorganic
or organic compounds thereof and having a specific radioactivity exceeding 74 becquerels per gram (0.002 microcurie per
gram);

(e) Spent (irradiated) fuel elements (cartridges) of nuclear reactors;

(f) Radioactive residues whether or not usable.

The term "isotopes", for the purposes of this note and of the wording of headings 2844 and 2845, refers to:

(i)

Individual nuclides, excluding, however, those existing in nature in the monoiosotopic state;

(ii) Mixtures of isotopes of one and the same element, enriched in one or several of the said isotopes, that is, elements

of which the natural isotopic composition has been artificially modified.

7. Heading 2853 includes copper phosphide (phosphor copper) containing more than 15 percent by weight of phosphorus.

8. Chemical elements (for example, silicon and selenium) doped for use in electronics are to be classified in this chapter, provided
that they are in forms unworked as drawn, or in the form of cylinders or rods. When cut in the form of discs, wafers or similar
forms, they fall in heading 3818.

Subheading Note

1.

For the purposes of subheading 2852.10, the expression "chemically defined" means all organic or inorganic compounds of
mercury meeting the requirements of paragraphs (a) to (e) of Note 1 to Chapter 28 or paragraphs (a) to (h) of Note 1 to Chapter
29.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of heading 2804, the term "m3" (cubic meter) means a standard cubic meter measured at 21°C at 760 mm
(1013 millibars) pressure.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

I. CHEMICAL ELEMENTS

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
28-3

2801
2801.10.00

Fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodine:

00

Chlorine...................................................................................

kg..............

2801.20.00

00

Iodine.......................................................................................

kg..............

2801.30
2801.30.10

00

Fluorine; bromine:

Fluorine.............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

3.7%1/

2801.30.20

00

Bromine............................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2802.00.00

00

Sulfur, sublimed or precipitated; colloidal sulfur........................

t .................

Free1/

2803.00.00

10

50

00

2804
2804.10.00

Carbon (carbon blacks and other forms of carbon not
elsewhere specified or included).................................................
Carbon black..........................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other........................................................................................

kg

Hydrogen, rare gases and other nonmetals:

Hydrogen.................................................................................

thousand
m3..............

3.7%1/

thousand
m3..............

3.7%1/

2804.21.00

00

Argon................................................................................

Rare gases:

2804.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

20

30

55

Helium........................................................................

Neon...........................................................................

Isotopically pure rare gases having a purity of 99
percent or more by volume......................................

Other..........................................................................

2804.30.00

00

Nitrogen...................................................................................

2804.40.00

00

Oxygen....................................................................................

thousand
m3
thousand
m3

thousand
m3
thousand
m3
thousand
m3..............

3.7%1/

thousand
m3..............

3.7%1/

2804.50.00

10

20

Boron; tellurium......................................................................
Boron................................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Tellurium...........................................................................

kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free

25%

37%

Free

20%2/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2804 (con.)

Hydrogen, rare gases and other nonmetals: (con.)

Silicon:

2804.61.00

00

2804.69
2804.69.10

00

Containing by weight not less than 99.99 percent of
silicon................................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

Other:

Containing by weight less than 99.99 percent but
not less than 99 percent of silicon..........................

kg..............
Si kg

5.3%

kg..............
Si kg

5.5%

25%

21%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

45%

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2804.69.50

00

Other..........................................................................

2804.70.00

00

Phosphorus.............................................................................

kg..............

Free

2804.80.00

00

Arsenic....................................................................................

kg..............

2804.90.00

00

Selenium.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

17.6¢/kg

13.2¢/kg

Free2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
28-5

Alkali or alkaline-earth metals; rare-earth metals, scandium
and yttrium, whether or not intermixed or interalloyed; mercury:

Alkali or alkaline-earth metals:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2805

2805.11.00

00

Sodium4/...........................................................................

kg..............

5.3%1/

2805.12.00

00

Calcium.............................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

2805.19
2805.19.10

00

Other:

Strontium...................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2805.19.20

00

Barium........................................................................

kg..............

2805.19.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

5.5%1/

10

90

05

10

15

20

50
90
00

2805.30.00

2805.40.00

Lithium.................................................................

Other...................................................................
Rare-earth metals, scandium and yttrium, whether or not
intermixed or interalloyed......................................................

kg

kg

..................

5%

Not intermixed or interalloyed:

Lanthanum................................................................

Cerium.......................................................................

Praseodymium..........................................................

Neodymium...............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Mercury...................................................................................

kg
kg
kg..............

1.7%1/

25%

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

31.3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5.7%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II. INORGANIC ACIDS AND INORGANIC OXYGEN
COMPOUNDS OF NONMETALS

2806
2806.10.00

Hydrogen chloride (Hydrochloric acid); chlorosulfuric acid:

00

Hydrogen chloride (Hydrochloric acid)................................

t .................

2806.20.00

00

Chlorosulfuric acid.................................................................

kg..............

2807.00.00

00

Sulfuric acid; oleum......................................................................

t .................

2808.00.00

2809

10

20

Nitric acid; sulfonitric acids..........................................................
Nitric acid................................................................................

..................
kg

Sulfonitric acids......................................................................

kg

Diphosphorus pentaoxide; phosphoric acid;polyphosphoric
acids, whether or not chemically defined:

2809.10.00

00

Diphosphorus pentaoxide.....................................................

kg..............

2809.20.00

Phosphoric acid and polyphosphoric acids........................

..................

Phosphoric acid:

Fertilizer grade:

10

Containing less than 65 percent available
diphosphorus pentaoxide (P2O5)
equivalents.........................................................

t

Free1/

4.2%1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

25%

Free2/

Free

25%

Free

20
30
40
00

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Polyphosphoric acids......................................................
Oxides of boron; boric acids........................................................

t
t
t
t .................

1.5%1/

2810.00.00

8.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
28-7

Other inorganic acids and other inorganic oxygen compounds
of nonmetals:

Other inorganic acids:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2811

2811.11.00

00

Hydrogen fluoride (Hydrofluoric acid)...........................

kg..............

2811.12.00

00

Hydrogen cyanide (hydrocyanic acid)..........................

kg..............

Free1/

4.2%1/

2811.19
2811.19.10

00

Other:

Arsenic acid...............................................................

kg..............

2.3%5/

2811.19.30

00

Hydrobromic acid.....................................................

kg..............

2811.19.61

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

4.2%1/

10

90

Sulfamic acid......................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other inorganic oxygen compounds of nonmetals:

2811.21.00

00

Carbon dioxide.................................................................

t .................

3.7%1/

Silicon dioxide:

Synthetic silica gel....................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Other:

Arsenic trioxide.........................................................

kg..............

2811.29.20

00

Selenium dioxide......................................................

kg..............

2811.29.30

00

Sulfur dioxide............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4.2%1/

2811.29.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2811.22
2811.22.10

00

2811.22.50
2811.29
2811.29.10

00

00

Free

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free2/

Free

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

III. HALOGEN OR SULFUR COMPOUNDS OF NONMETALS

2812

Halides and halide oxides of nonmetals:
Chlorides and chloride oxides:

2812.11.00

00

Carbonyl dichloride (phosgene).....................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2812.12.00

00

Phosphorous oxychloride...............................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2812.13.00

00

Phosphorous trichloride..................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2812.14.00

00

Phosphorous pentachloride...........................................

kg..............

2812.15.00

00

Sulfur monochloride........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.7%1/

2812.16.00

00

Sulfur dichloride...............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2812.17.00

00

Thionyl chloride...............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2812.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

2812.90.00

10

90

10

90

Arsenic trichloride.....................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
..................

3.7%1/

Sulfur hexafluoride..........................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2813
2813.10.00

Sulfides of nonmetals; commercial phosphorus trisulfide:

00

Carbon disulfide.....................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2813.90
2813.90.10

00

Other:

Of arsenic.........................................................................

kg..............

2813.90.20

00

Of phosphorus.................................................................

kg..............

2813.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

3.7%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV. INORGANIC BASES AND OXIDES, HYDROXIDES AND
PEROXIDES OF METALS

2814
2814.10.00

Ammonia, anhydrous or in aqueous solution:

00

Anhydrous ammonia..............................................................

t .................

2814.20.00

00

Ammonia in aqueous solution...............................................

t .................
NH3 t

2815

Sodium hydroxide (Caustic soda); potassium hydroxide
(Caustic potash); peroxides of sodium or potassium:

Sodium hydroxide (Caustic soda):

2815.11.00

00

Solid..................................................................................

kg..............

2815.12.00

00

In aqueous solution (Soda lye or liquid soda)..............

2815.20.00

2815.30.00

50

90
00

Potassium hydroxide (Caustic potash)................................
In solid form......................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Peroxides of sodium or potassium.......................................

kg
kg..............

kg..............
NaOH kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

3.7%1/

2816

Hydroxide and peroxide of magnesium; oxides, hydroxides
and peroxides, of strontium or barium:

2816.10.00

00

Hydroxide and peroxide of magnesium...............................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2816.40
2816.40.10

00

Oxides, hydroxides and peroxides, of strontium or barium:
Of strontium.....................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2816.40.20

00

Of barium..........................................................................

kg..............

2%

2817.00.00

00

Zinc oxide; zinc peroxide..............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2818

2818.10
2818.10.10

00

Artificial corundum, whether or not chemically defined;
aluminum oxide; aluminum hydroxide:

Artificial corundum, whether or not chemically defined:

Crude................................................................................

t .................

2818.10.20

In grains, or ground, pulverized or refined....................

..................

10

90
00

2818.20.00

White, pink or ruby, containing more than 97.5
percent by weight of aluminum oxide.....................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Aluminum oxide, other than artificial corundum.................

kg
kg..............

2818.30.00

00

Aluminum hydroxide..............................................................

kg..............

Free5/

1.3%5/

Free

Free1/

Free

Free

1.1¢/kg2/

1.1¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

10.5%

5.5%2/

Free2/

4.1%2/

1.1¢/kg

1.1¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-11

2

2819
2819.10.00

Chromium oxides and hydroxides:

00

Chromium trioxide..................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2819.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2820
2820.10.00

Manganese oxides:

00

Manganese dioxide................................................................

kg..............

4.7%1/

2820.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

4.7%1/

2821

Iron oxides and hydroxides; earth colors containing 70 percent
or more by weight of combined iron evaluated as Fe2O3:

2821.10.00

Iron oxides and hydroxides...................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

20

30

40
50
00

2821.20.00

Synthetic pigments:

Black..........................................................................

Red.............................................................................

Yellow........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Earth colors.............................................................................

kg
kg
kg..............

5.5%1/

2822.00.00

Cobalt oxides and hydroxides; commercial cobalt oxides.......

..................

0.1%1/

10

90
00

2823.00.00

Cobalt(II, III) oxide (cobalt tetroxide)...................................

kg

Other........................................................................................
Titanium oxides.............................................................................

kg
kg..............

5.5%1/

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

1.7%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2824
2824.10.00

Lead oxides; red lead and orange lead:

00

Lead monoxide (litharge, massicot).....................................

kg..............

3%1/

2824.90
2824.90.10

00

Other:

Lead suboxide (leady litharge).......................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2824.90.20

00

Red lead and orange lead..............................................

kg..............

3.4%1/

2824.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

2825

2825.10.00

00

Hydrazine and hydroxylamine and their inorganic salts; other
inorganic bases; other metal oxides, hydroxides and peroxides:
Hydrazine and hydroxylamine and their inorganic salts.....

kg..............

3.7%1/

2825.20.00

00

Lithium oxide and hydroxide.................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2825.30.00

Vanadium oxides and hydroxides........................................

..................

5.5%1/

10

50

Vanadium pentoxide (anhydride)..................................

Other.................................................................................

2825.40.00

00

Nickel oxides and hydroxides...............................................

kg
V kg

kg
V kg
kg..............

Free1/

12%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

12.5%

30%

25%

25%

40%

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2825 (con.)

2825.50
2825.50.10

00

Hydrazine and hydroxylamine and their inorganic salts; other
inorganic bases; other metal oxides, hydroxides and peroxides:
(con.)

Copper oxides and hydroxides:

Cupric oxide.....................................................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

2825.50.20

00

Cuprous oxide..................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

2825.50.30

00

Copper hydroxides..........................................................

kg..............

3.9%1/

2825.60.00

Germanium oxides and zirconium dioxide..........................

..................

3.7%1/

10

20

50
00

2825.70.00

Germanium dioxide.........................................................

kg..............

Zirconium dioxide ...........................................................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................
Molybdenum oxides and hydroxides...................................

kg..............
kg..............

3.2%

31%

39.5%

32.5%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20.5%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2825.80.00

00

Antimony oxides.....................................................................

kg..............

Free

4.4¢/kg

VI
28-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2825 (con.)

2825.90
2825.90.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Hydrazine and hydroxylamine and their inorganic salts; other
inorganic bases; other metal oxides, hydroxides and peroxides:
(con.)

Other:

Beryllium oxide and hydroxide.......................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2825.90.15

00

Niobium oxide..................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2825.90.20

00

Tin oxides.........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%

2825.90.30

00

Tungsten oxides..............................................................

kg..............
W kg

5.5%6/

2825.90.75

00

Cadmium oxide................................................................

kg..............

2825.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.7%1/

25%

25%2/

25%

45.5%

25%

25%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-15

2

V. SALTS AND PEROXYSALTS, OF INORGANIC ACIDS
AND METALS

2826

Fluorides; fluorosilicates, fluoroaluminates and other complex
fluorine salts:
Fluorides:

2826.12.00

00

Of aluminum.....................................................................

kg..............

2826.19
2826.19.10

00

Other:

Of ammonium............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.1%1/

2826.19.20

00

Of sodium..................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2826.19.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.9%1/

2826.30.00

00

Sodium hexafluoroaluminate (Synthetic cryolite)...............

t .................

2826.90
2826.90.10

00

Other:

Fluorosilicates of sodium or of potassium....................

kg..............

Free1/

4.1%1/

2826.90.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.1%

10

90

Lithium hexafluorophosphate...........................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

25%

25%

25%

25%2/

Free

62.5%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2827

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Chlorides, chloride oxides and chloride hydroxides; bromides
and bromide oxides; iodides and iodide oxides:

2827.10.00

00

Ammonium chloride...............................................................

kg..............

2.9%1/

2827.20.00

00

Calcium chloride.....................................................................

kg..............

2827.31.00

00

Of magnesium.................................................................

kg..............

Other chlorides:

2827.32.00

00

Of aluminum.....................................................................

kg..............

2827.35.00

00

Of nickel...........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1.5%1/

Free1/

3.7%1/

18%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free2/

5%2/

25%2/

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2827 (con.)

2827.39
2827.39.10

00

Chlorides, chloride oxides and chloride hydroxides; bromides
and bromide oxides; iodides and iodide oxides: (con.)

Other chlorides: (con.)

Other:

Of vanadium..............................................................

kg..............
V kg

5.5%5/

2827.39.25

00

Of tin...........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%

2827.39.30

00

Of titanium.................................................................

kg..............

4.9%1/

2827.39.40

00

Of tungsten................................................................

kg..............
W kg

5.5%

2827.39.45

00

Of barium...................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2827.39.55

00

Of iron........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2827.39.60

00

Of cobalt....................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2827.39.65

00

Of zinc........................................................................

kg..............

1.6%1/

2827.39.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

50

Of lithium.............................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

40%

25%2/

30%

45.5%

28.5%2/

25%2/

30%2/

5%2/

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2827 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Chlorides, chloride oxides and chloride hydroxides; bromides
and bromide oxides; iodides and iodide oxides: (con.)

Chloride oxides and chloride hydroxides:

2827.41.00

00

Of copper.........................................................................

kg..............

3.9%1/

2827.49
2827.49.10

00

Other:

Of vanadium..............................................................

kg..............
V kg

5.5%1/

2827.49.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5%

2827.51.00

00

Bromides of sodium or of potassium.............................

kg..............

Bromides and bromide oxides:

2827.59
2827.59.25

00

Other:

Of ammonium, of calcium or of zinc.......................

kg..............

2827.59.51

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2827.60
2827.60.10

00

Iodides and iodide oxides:

Of calcium or of copper..................................................

kg..............

2827.60.20

00

Of potassium....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

3.6%1/

Free1/

2.8%1/

2827.60.51

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2828

2828.10.00

00

Hypochlorites; commercial calcium hypochlorite; chlorites;
hypobromites:

Commercial calcium hypochlorite and other calcium
hypochlorites...........................................................................

kg..............

2.4%1/

2828.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

32.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg

25%2/

25%2/

25%2/

7.5%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-19

2

Chlorates and perchlorates; bromates and perbromates;
iodates and periodates:

Chlorates:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2829

2829.11.00

00

Of sodium.........................................................................

kg..............

2829.19.01

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.3%1/

2829.90
2829.90.05

00

Other:

Potassium bromate.........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2829.90.25

00

Sodium bromate..............................................................

kg..............

Free

2829.90.40

00

Of potassium.............................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

Other:

2829.90.61

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2830
2830.10.00

Sulfides; polysulfides, whether or not chemically defined:

00

Sodium sulfides......................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2830.90
2830.90.10

00

Other:

Zinc sulfide, luminescent grade having a purity of 99.99
percent or more by weight..............................................

kg..............

Free1/

2830.90.15

00

Other zinc sulfide.............................................................

kg..............

2.8%1/

2830.90.20

00

Cadmium sulfide..............................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2830.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

2831
2831.10
2831.10.10

Dithionites and sulfoxylates:

Of sodium:

00

Sodium formaldehyde sulfoxylate.................................

kg..............

2831.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2831.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

13%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11%

11%

25%

25%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2832
2832.10.00

Sulfites; thiosulfates:

00

Sodium sulfites.......................................................................

kg..............

1.5%1/

2832.20.00

00

Other sulfites...........................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2832.30
2832.30.10

00

Thiosulfates:

Sodium thiosulfate...........................................................

kg..............

1.5%1/

2832.30.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2833

Sulfates; alums; peroxosulfates (persulfates):

2833.11
2833.11.10

00

Sodium sulfates:

Disodium sulfate:

Salt cake....................................................................

t .................

2833.11.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

0.4%1/

10

50
00

2833.19.00

Anhydrous...........................................................

t

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

t
kg..............

Free1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.5%

25%

4.5%

4.5%

Free

3.6%

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-21

2

2833 (con.)

Sulfates; alums; peroxosulfates (persulfates): (con.)

Other sulfates:

2833.21.00

00

Of magnesium.................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2833.22.00

00

Of aluminum.....................................................................

kg..............

2833.24.00

00

Of nickel...........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.2%1/

2833.25.00

00

Of copper.........................................................................

kg..............
Cu kg

1.4%1/

2833.27.00

00

Of barium..........................................................................

kg..............

0.6%1/

2833.29
2833.29.10

00

Other:

Of cobalt....................................................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

2833.29.20

00

Of iron........................................................................

kg..............

2833.29.30

00

Of vanadium..............................................................

kg..............
V kg

Free1/

5.5%1/

2833.29.40

00

Of chromium..............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2833.29.45

00

Of zinc........................................................................

kg..............

1.6%1/

2833.29.51

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

90
00

2833.30.00

Of manganese....................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Alums.......................................................................................

kg
kg..............

1.6%1/

20%

10%

25%

5%

4.2%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

40%

25%

8%

30%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2833 (con.)
2833.40
2833.40.20

Sulfates; alums; peroxosulfates (persulfates): (con.)

Peroxosulfates (persulfates):

00

Of sodium.........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2833.40.60

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.1%1/

10

20

50

00

2834
2834.10
2834.10.10

Of potassium.............................................................

Of ammonium............................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Nitrites; nitrates:
Nitrites:

Of sodium.........................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2834.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

Nitrates:

2834.21.00

00

Of potassium....................................................................

t .................

2834.29
2834.29.05

00

Other:

Of bismuth.................................................................

kg..............

2834.29.10

00

Of calcium.................................................................

t .................

2834.29.20

00

Of strontium...............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

Free1/

4.2%1/

2834.29.51

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

54%

25%

Free

35%

Free2/

25%2/

10%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-23

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2835

2835.10.00

00

Phosphinates (hypophosphites), phosphonates (phosphites)
and phosphates; polyphosphates, whether or not chemically
defined:

Phosphinates (hypophosphites) and phosphonates
(phosphites)............................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2835.22.00

00

Of mono- or disodium.....................................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

Phosphates:

2835.24.00

00

Of potassium....................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2835.25.00

00

Calcium hydrogenorthophosphate ("Dicalcium
phosphate")......................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2835.26.00

00

Other phosphates of calcium.........................................

kg..............

2835.29
2835.29.10

00

Other:

Of aluminum..............................................................

kg..............

2835.29.20

00

Of triammonium........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

1.5%1/

2835.29.30

00

Of trisodium...............................................................

kg..............

2.2%1/

2835.29.51

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.1%1/

2835.31.00

00

Sodium triphosphate (Sodium tripolyphosphate)........

kg..............

1.4%1/

Polyphosphates:

2835.39
2835.39.10

00

Other:

Of potassium.............................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2835.39.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6%2/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

8.5%

11.5%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2836

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carbonates; peroxocarbonates (percarbonates); commercial
ammonium carbonate containing ammonium carbamate:

2836.20.00

00

Disodium carbonate...............................................................

kg..............

1.2%1/

2836.30.00

00

Sodium hydrogencarbonate (Sodium bicarbonate)...........

kg..............

2836.40
2836.40.10

00

Potassium carbonates:

Dipotassium carbonate...................................................

kg..............

Free1/

1.9%1/

2836.40.20

00

Potassium hydrogencarbonate (Potassium
bicarbonate).....................................................................

kg..............

1.3%1/

2836.50.00

00

Calcium carbonate.................................................................

kg..............

2836.60.00

00

Barium carbonate...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.3%1/

8.5%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

6%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.8%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

8.4%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2836 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Carbonates; peroxocarbonates (percarbonates); commercial
ammonium carbonate containing ammonium carbamate: (con.)

Other:

VI
28-25

2

2836.91.00

Lithium carbonates..........................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

50
00

2836.92.00

2836.99
2836.99.10

00

U.S.P. grade..............................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Strontium carbonate........................................................

kg
kg..............

4.2%1/

Other:

Cobalt carbonates....................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2836.99.20

00

Bismuth carbonate...................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2836.99.30

00

Commercial ammonium carbonate and other
ammonium carbonates............................................

kg..............

1.7%1/

2836.99.40

00

Lead carbonates.......................................................

kg..............

0.5%1/

2836.99.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

50

Zirconium carbonates........................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16%

4.5%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2837

Cyanides, cyanide oxides and complex cyanides:

Cyanides and cyanide oxides:

2837.11.00

00

Of sodium.........................................................................

kg..............

2837.19.01

2837.20
2837.20.10

10

15

25

00

Other.................................................................................
Potassium cyanide...................................................

..................
kg

Calcium cyanide.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Complex cyanides:

Potassium ferricyanide...................................................

kg..............

1.1%1/

Free1/

Free5/

Free

Free2/

2837.20.51

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

1.7%1/

2839

Silicates; commercial alkali metal silicates:

Of sodium:

2839.11.00

00

Sodium metasilicates......................................................

kg..............

1.1%1/

2839.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

1.1%1/

2839.90
2839.90.10

00

Other:

Of potassium....................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2839.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

5.1%

8.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3%

3%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

2840

Borates; peroxoborates (perborates):

Disodium tetraborate (refined borax):

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-27

2

2840.11.00

00

Anhydrous........................................................................

kg..............

0.3%1/

2840.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

0.1%1/

2840.20.00

00

Other borates..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2840.30.00

Peroxoborates (perborates)..................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

50

00

2841
2841.30.00

Sodium perborate............................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Salts of oxometallic or peroxometallic acids:

Sodium dichromate................................................................

kg..............

2.4%1/

2841.50
2841.50.10

00

Other chromates and dichromates; peroxochromates:

Potassium dichromate....................................................

kg..............

1.5%1/

2841.50.91

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2841.61.00

00

Potassium permanganate..............................................

kg..............

Manganites, manganates and permanganates:

2841.69.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

5%1/

5%1/

10

90

Sodium permanganate............................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

1.2%

0.4%

25%2/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.5%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

23%

23%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2841 (con.)
2841.70
2841.70.10

Salts of oxometallic or peroxometallic acids: (con.)

Molybdates:

00

Of ammonium..................................................................

2841.70.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............
Mo kg

4.3%

kg..............
Mo kg

3.7%

2841.80.00

Tungstates (wolframates).....................................................

..................

5.5%6/

10

20

50

Of ammonium..................................................................

Of calcium........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg
W kg

kg
W kg

kg
W kg

2841.90
2841.90.10

00

Other:

Vanadates........................................................................

kg..............
V kg

5.5%1/

2841.90.20

00

Ammonium perrhenate...................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2841.90.30

00

Potassium stannate.........................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2841.90.40

00

Aluminates.......................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2841.90.45

00

Chromates of zinc or of lead..........................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2841.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

29%

25%

49.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2842

2842.10.00

00

Other salts of inorganic acids or peroxoacids (including
aluminosilicates whether or not chemically defined), other than
azides:

Double or complex silicates, including aluminosilicates
whether or not chemically defined........................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2842.90
2842.90.10

00

Other:

Fulminates, cyanates and thiocyanates.......................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2842.90.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.3%1/

10

50

Selenides and tellurides...........................................

kg..............

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

VI. MISCELLANEOUS

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2843

Colloidal precious metals; inorganic or organic compounds of
precious metals, whether or not chemically defined; amalgams
of precious metals:

2843.10.00

00

Colloidal precious metals......................................................

g ................

5.5%1/

2843.21.00

00

Silver nitrate.....................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Silver compounds:

2843.29.01

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2843.30.00

00

Gold compounds....................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

2843.90.00

00

Other compounds; amalgams..............................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

65%

25%

25%

25%

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2844

2844.10

2844.10.10

00

2844.10.20

2844.10.50

10

25

55
00

Radioactive chemical elements and radioactive isotopes
(including the fissile or fertile chemical elements and isotopes)
and their compounds; mixtures and residues containing these
products:

Natural uranium and its compounds; alloys, dispersions
(including cermets), ceramic products and mixtures
containing natural uranium or natural uranium compounds:
Uranium metal.................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Uranium compounds.......................................................
Oxide..........................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Hexafluoride..............................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

5%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free

45%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2844 (con.)

2844.20.00

10

20

30
50

2844.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-31

2

Radioactive chemical elements and radioactive isotopes
(including the fissile or fertile chemical elements and isotopes)
and their compounds; mixtures and residues containing these
products: (con.)

Uranium enriched in U235 and its compounds; plutonium
and its compounds; alloys, dispersions (including cermets),
ceramic products and mixtures containing uranium
enriched in U235, plutonium or compounds of these
products..................................................................................

..................

Free5/

Free

Uranium compounds:

Oxide..........................................................................

Fluorides....................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

Uranium depleted in U235 and its compounds; thorium
and its compounds; alloys, dispersions (including cermets),
ceramic products and mixtures containing uranium
depleted in U235, thorium, or compounds of these
products:

kg

kg

kg
kg

2844.30.10

00

Thorium compounds.......................................................

kg..............

5.5%

2844.30.20

2844.30.50

10

20

50

10

50

Uranium compounds.......................................................
Oxide..........................................................................

..................
kg

Free

Fluorides....................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

5%

Uranium metal...........................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Radioactive chemical elements and radioactive isotopes
(including the fissile or fertile chemical elements and isotopes)
and their compounds; mixtures and residues containing these
products: (con.)

Radioactive elements and isotopes and compounds other
than those of subheading 2844.10, 2844.20 or 2844.30;
alloys, dispersions (including cermets), ceramic products
and mixtures containing these elements, isotopes or
compounds; radioactive residues:

Tritium and its compounds; alloys, dispersions
(including cermets), ceramic products and mixtures
containing tritium or its compounds..............................

kg..............

Free6/

Free

VI
28-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2844 (con.)

2844.41.00

00

2844.42.00

00

2844.43.00

10

21

28
50
00
00

2844.44.00
2844.50.00

2845

Actinium-225, actinium-227, californium-253,
curium-240, curium-241, curium-242, curium-243,
curium-244, einsteinium-253, einsteinium-254,
gadolinium-148, polonium-208, polonium-209,
polonium-210, radium-223, uranium-230 or
uranium-232, and their compounds; alloys, dispersions
(including cermets), ceramic products and mixtures
containing these elements or compounds....................

Other radioactive elements and isotopes and
compounds; other alloys, dispersions (including
cermets), ceramic products and mixtures containing
these elements, isotopes or compounds......................
Elements, isotopes and compounds with cobalt-60
radioactivity only.......................................................

GBq..........

Free6/

..................

Free6/

GBq

Other elements, isotopes and compounds:

Americium-241, californium-252, cesium-137,
gadolinium-153, idium-192, promethium-147,
radium-226, selenium-75, or ytterbium-169....

GBq

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Radioactive residues......................................................

GBq
kg
kg..............

Free6/

Spent (irradiated) fuel elements (cartridges) of nuclear
reactors...................................................................................

kg..............

Free5/

Isotopes other than those of heading 2844; compounds,
inorganic or organic, of such isotopes, whether or not
chemically defined:

2845.10.00

00

Heavy water (Deuterium oxide)............................................

kg..............

2845.20.00

00

Boron enriched in boron-10 and its compounds.................

kg..............

2845.30.00

00

Lithium enriched in lithium-6 and its compounds...............

kg..............

2845.40.00

00

Helium-3..................................................................................

kg..............

2845.90.01

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free7/

Free7/

Free7/

Free7/

Free

Free

Free

Free

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2846

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Compounds, inorganic or organic, of rare-earth metals, of
yttrium or of scandium, or of mixtures of these metals:

VI
28-33

2

2846.10.00

Cerium compounds................................................................

..................

5.5%

2846.90
2846.90.20

10

50

05

15

40

82

84

Cerium oxides..................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Mixtures of rare-earth oxides or of rare-earth
chlorides...........................................................................

..................

Free

Rare-earth oxides except cerium oxides:

Containing lanthanum as the predominant
metal....................................................................

Containing yttrium or scandium as the
predominant metal.............................................

Other...................................................................

Rare-earth chlorides except cerium chlorides:
Containing yttrium or scandium as the
predominant metal.............................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

2846.90.40

00

Yttrium bearing materials and compounds
containing by weight more than 19 percent but less
than 85 percent yttrium oxide equivalent...............

kg..............

Free

2846.90.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%

70

75
90
00

2847.00.00

Mixtures of rare-earth carbonates other than
of cerium carbonate:

Containing lanthanum as the predominant
metal.............................................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Hydrogen peroxide, whether or not solidified with urea...........

kg
kg
kg..............

3.7%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

25%2/

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
28-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2849
2849.10.00

Carbides, whether or not chemically defined:

00

Of calcium...............................................................................

kg..............

1.8%1/

2849.20
2849.20.10

00

Of silicon:

Crude................................................................................

kg..............

Free

2849.20.20

00

In grains, or ground, pulverized or refined....................

kg..............

0.5%

2849.90
2849.90.10

00

Other:

Of boron............................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2849.90.20

00

Of chromium....................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2849.90.30

00

Of tungsten.......................................................................

kg..............
W kg

5.5%6/

2849.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2850.00

Hydrides, nitrides, azides, silicides and borides, whether or
not chemically defined, other than compounds which are also
carbides of heading 2849:

2850.00.05

00

Of calcium...............................................................................

kg..............

2850.00.07

00

Of titanium...............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4.9%1/

2850.00.10

00

Of tungsten.............................................................................

2850.00.20

00

Of vanadium...........................................................................

kg..............
W kg

5.5%1/

kg..............
V kg

5.5%1/

2850.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

10%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

1.6%2/

25%2/

25%2/

55.5%

25%

25%

30%

45.5%

40%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
28-35

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2852

2852.10
2852.10.10

00

Inorganic or organic compounds of mercury, whether or not
chemically defined, excluding amalgams:

Chemically defined:

Mercuric oxide, mercuric cyanide, mercuric oxycyanide
and mercuric potassium cyanide...................................

kg..............

Free1/

2852.10.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

2852.90
2852.90.05

00

Other:

Albuminates, tannates and phosphides of mercury.....

kg..............

2852.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3%1/

2853

Phosphides, whether or not chemically defined, excluding
ferrophosphorous; other inorganic compounds (including
distilled or conductivity water and water of similar purity); liquid
air (whether or not rare gases have been removed);
compressed air; amalgams, other than amalgams of precious
metals:

2853.10.00

00

Cyanogen chloride (chloorcyan)...........................................

kg..............

2.8%1/

2853.90

Other:

2853.90.10

00

Phosphides, whether or not chemically defined,
excluding ferrophosphorous:

Of copper (phosphor copper), containing more
than 15 percent by weight of phosphorous............

kg..............

2.6%1/

2853.90.50
2853.90.90

00

Of other metals or nonmetals..................................
Other.................................................................................

kg..............
..................

Free1/
2.8%1/

10

90

Gallium arsenide wafers, undoped.........................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

32.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/
25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 28 - 36
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.91.05.
4/ See 9903.88.69.
5/ See 9903.88.15.
6/ See 9903.91.01.
7/ See 9903.88.01.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 29

ORGANIC CHEMICALS

VI
29-1

Notes

1. Except where the context otherwise requires, the headings of this chapter apply only to:

(a) Separate chemically defined organic compounds, whether or not containing impurities;

(b) Mixtures of two or more isomers of the same organic compound (whether or not containing impurities), except mixtures of

acyclic hydrocarbon isomers (other than stereoisomers), whether or not saturated (chapter 27);

(c) The products of headings 2936 to 2939 or the sugar ethers, sugar acetals and sugar esters, and their salts, of heading 2940,

or the products of heading 2941, whether or not chemically defined;

(d) Products mentioned in (a), (b) or (c) above dissolved in water;

(e) Products mentioned in (a), (b) or (c) above dissolved in other solvents provided that the solution constitutes a normal and

necessary method of putting up these products adopted solely for reasons of safety or for transport and that the solvent
does not render the product particularly suitable for specific use rather than for general use;

(f) The products mentioned in (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above with an added stabilizer (including an anticaking agent) necessary

for their preservation or transport;

(g) The products mentioned in (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above with an added anti-dusting agent or a coloring or odoriferous

substance or an emetic added to facilitate their identification or for safety reasons, provided that the additions do not render
the product particularly suitable for specific use rather than for general use;

(h) The following products, diluted to standard strengths, for the production of azo dyes: diazonium salts, couplers used for

these salts and diazotizable amines and their salts.

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Goods of heading 1504 or crude glycerol of heading 1520;

(b) Ethyl alcohol (heading 2207 or 2208);

(c) Methane or propane (heading 2711);

(d) The compounds of carbon mentioned in note 2 to chapter 28;

(e)

Immunological products of heading 3002;

(f) Urea (heading 3102 or 3105);

(g) Coloring matter of vegetable or animal origin (heading 3203), synthetic organic coloring matter, synthetic organic products
of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or as luminophores (heading 3204) and dyes or other coloring matter put
up in forms or packings for retail sale (heading 3212);

(h) Enzymes (heading 3507);

(ij) Metaldehyde, hexamethylenetetramine or similar substances put up in forms (for example, tablets, sticks or similar forms)
for use as fuels, or liquid or liquefied-gas fuels in containers of a kind used for filling or refilling cigarette or similar lighters,
and of a capacity not exceeding 300 cm3 (heading 3606);

(k) Products put up as charges for fire extinguishers or put up in fire-extinguishing grenades, of heading 3813; ink removers put

up in packings for retail sale, of heading 3824; or

(l) Optical elements, for example, of ethylenediamine tartrate (heading 9001).

3. Goods which could be included in two or more of the headings of this chapter are to be classified in that one of those headings

which occurs last in numerical order.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-2
Notes (con.)

4.

In headings 2904 to 2906, 2908 to 2911 and 2913 to 2920, any reference to halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated
derivatives includes a reference to compound derivatives, such as sulfohalogenated, nitrohalogenated, nitrosulfonated or
nitrosulfohalogenated derivatives.

Nitro or nitroso groups are not to be taken as "nitrogen-functions" for the purposes of heading 2929.

For the purposes of headings 2911, 2912, 2914, 2918 and 2922, “oxygen function”, the characteristic organic oxygen-containing
group of those respective headings, is restricted to the oxygen-functions referred to in headings 2905 to 2920.

5.

(A) The esters of acid-function organic compounds of subchapters I to VII with organic compounds of these subchapters are to
be classified with that compound which is classified in the heading placed last in numerical order in these subchapters.

(B) Esters of ethyl alcohol with acid-function organic compounds of subchapters I to VII are to be classified in the same heading

as the corresponding acid-function compounds.

(C) Subject to note l to section VI and note 2 to chapter 28:

(1)

Inorganic salts of organic compounds such as acid-, phenol- or enol-function compounds or organic bases, of subchapters
I to X or heading 2942, are to be classified in the heading appropriate to the organic compound;

(2) Salts formed between organic compounds of subchapters I to X or heading 2942 are to be classified in the heading

appropriate to the base or to the acid (including phenol- or enol-function compounds) from which they are formed,
whichever occurs last in numerical order in the chapter; and

(3) Co-ordination compounds, other than products classifiable in subchapter XI or heading 2941, are to be classified in the
heading which occurs last in numerical order in chapter 29, among those appropriate to the fragments formed by
"cleaving" of all metal bonds, other than metal-carbon bonds.

(D) Metal alcoholates are to be classified in the same heading as the corresponding alcohols except in the case of ethanol

(heading 2905).

(E) Halides of carboxylic acids are to be classified in the same heading as the corresponding acids.

6.

The compounds of headings 2930 and 2931 are organic compounds the molecules of which contain, in addition to atoms of
hydrogen, oxygen or nitrogen, atoms of other nonmetals or of metals (such as sulfur, arsenic or lead) directly linked to carbon
atoms.

Heading 2930 (organo-sulfur compounds) and heading 2931 (other organo-inorganic compounds) do not include sulfonated or
halogenated derivatives (including compound derivatives) which, apart from hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen, only have directly
linked to carbon the atoms of sulfur or of a halogen which give them their nature of sulfonated or halogenated derivatives (or
compound derivatives).

7. Headings 2932, 2933 and 2934 do not include epoxides with a three-membered ring, ketone peroxides, cyclic polymers of

aldehydes or of thioaldehydes, anhydrides of polybasic carboxylic acids, cyclic esters of polyhydric alcohols or phenols with
polybasic acids, or imides of polybasic acids.

These provisions apply only when the ring-position hetero-atoms are those resulting solely from the cyclizing function or functions
here listed.

8.

For the purposes of heading 2937:

(a)

(b)

the term "hormones" includes hormone-releasing or hormone-stimulating factors, hormone inhibitors and hormone antagonists
(antihormones);

the expression "used primarily as hormones" applies not only to hormone derivatives and structural analogues used primarily
for their hormonal effect, but also to those derivatives and structural analogues used primarily as intermediates in the synthesis
of products of this heading.

Subheading Notes

1. Within any one heading of this chapter, derivatives of a chemical compound (or group of chemical compounds) are to be classified
in the same subheading as that compound (or group of compounds) provided that they are not more specifically covered by any
other subheading and that there is no residual subheading named "Other" in the series of subheadings concerned.

2. Note 3 to chapter 29 does not apply to the subheadings of this chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I. HYDROCARBONS AND THEIR HALOGENATED,
SULFONATED, NITRATED OR NITROSATED DERIVATIVES

2901
2901.10
2901.10.10

Acyclic hydrocarbons:

Saturated:

00

Ethane and butane..........................................................

kg..............

2901.10.30

00

n-Pentane and isopentane.............................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

2901.10.40

00

Derived in whole or in part from petroleum, shale
oil or natural gas.......................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2901.10.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Unsaturated:

2901.21.00

00

Ethylene............................................................................

kg..............

2901.22.00

00

Propene (Propylene).......................................................

kg..............

2901.23.00

00

Butene (Butylene) and isomers thereof........................

kg..............

2901.24
2901.24.10

00

2901.24.20

00

2901.24.50
2901.29
2901.29.10

2901.29.50

00

10

50
00

Buta-1,3-diene and isoprene:

Buta-1,3-diene..........................................................

kg..............

Isoprene:

Having a purity of 95 percent or more by
weight..................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Derived in whole or in part from petroleum, shale
oil or natural gas.......................................................
Linear α-olefins (C6-C30), unmixed...................

..................

Free1/

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free2/

25%

25%

25%

Free

Free2/

Free

Free

25%

25%

25%2/

25%2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

2902

Cyclic hydrocarbons:

Cyclanes, cyclenes and cycloterpenes:

2902.11.00

00

Cyclohexane....................................................................

kg..............

2902.19.00

2902.20.00

10

50
00

Other.................................................................................
Dicyclopentadiene....................................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Benzene..................................................................................

kg
liters..........

2902.30.00

00

Toluene...................................................................................

liters..........

Xylenes:

2902.41.00

00

o-Xylene...........................................................................

liters..........

2902.42.00

00

m-Xylene..........................................................................

liters..........

2902.43.00

00

p-Xylene...........................................................................

liters..........

2902.44.00
2902.50.00

00
00

Mixed xylene isomers.....................................................
Styrene....................................................................................

liters..........
kg..............

2902.60.00

00

Ethylbenzene..........................................................................

kg..............

2902.70.00

00

Cumene...................................................................................

kg..............

2902.90
2902.90.10

00

2902.90.20

00

Other:

Pseudocumene................................................................

kg..............

Acenaphthene, chrysene, cymene,
dimethylnaphthalenes, fluoranthene, fluorene, indene,
mesitylene, methylanthracene, methylnaphthalene,
phenanthrene and pyrene..............................................

kg..............

Free1/

2902.90.30

Alkylbenzenes and polyalkylbenzenes.........................

..................

Free1/

10

50
00

2902.90.40

Dodecylbenzene.......................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Anthracene; and 1,4-Di-(2-methylstyryl)benzene........

kg
kg..............

2902.90.60

00

Biphenyl (Diphenyl), in flakes.........................................

kg..............

2902.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

15.4¢/kg +

40%

25%2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free

Free

Free

Free
15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

55%

Free2/

Free

Free

15.4¢/kg +

55%

15.4¢/kg +
68.5%

15.4¢/kg +
68.5%

15.4¢/kg +
68.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2903

Halogenated derivatives of hydrocarbons:

2903.11.00

Saturated chlorinated derivatives of acyclic hydrocarbons:
Chloromethane (Methyl chloride) and chloroethane
(Ethyl chloride).................................................................

..................

5.5%1/

10

20
00

2903.12.00

Chloromethane (Methyl chloride)............................

kg

Chloroethane (Ethyl chloride)..................................
Dichloromethane (Methylene chloride).........................

kg
kg..............

3.7%1/

2903.13.00

00

Chloroform (Trichloromethane).....................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.14.00

00

Carbon tetrachloride.......................................................

kg..............

2.3%1/

2903.15.00

00

Ethylene dichloride (ISO) (1,2-dichloroethane)...........

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.19
2903.19.05

00

Other:

1,2-Dichloropropane (Propylene dichloride) and
dichlorobutanes........................................................

kg..............

5.1%1/

2903.19.10

00

Hexachloroethane and tetrachloroethane..............

kg..............

3.7%1/

2903.19.30

00

sec-Butyl chloride.....................................................

kg..............

2903.19.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

5.5%1/

10

50

Methylchloroform (1,1,1-Trichloroethane)......

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

125%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

32%

8.5%

88%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

33.3%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

114.5%

114.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2903 (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of hydrocarbons: (con.)

Unsaturated chlorinated derivatives of acyclic
hydrocarbons:

2903.21.00

00

Vinyl chloride (Chloroethylene)......................................

kg..............

5.5%

2903.22.00

00

Trichloroethylene.............................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2903.23.00

00

Tetrachloroethylene (Perchloroethylene).....................

kg..............

3.4%1/

2903.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

76%

30%

25%

114.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2903 (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of hydrocarbons: (con.)

2903.41.10

00

Saturated fluorinated derivatives of acyclic hydrocarbons:
Trifluoromethane (HFC-23)............................................

kg..............

3.7%

2903.42.10

00

Difluoromethane (HFC-32).............................................

kg..............

3.7%

2903.43.10

00

Fluoromethane (HFC-41), 1,2-difluoroethane
(HFC-152) and 1,1-difluoroethane (HFC-152a)..........

kg..............

3.7%

2903.44.10

Pentafluoroethane (HFC-125), 1,1,1-trifluoroethane
(HFC-143a) and 1,1,2-trifluoroethane (HFC-143)......

..................

3.7%

10

20

30
00

2903.45.10

1,1,1,2,2-Pentafluoroethane (HFC-125)................

1,1,1-Trifluoroethane (HFC-143a)..........................

1,1,2-trifluoroethane (HFC-143).............................

1,1,1,2-Tetrafluoroethane (HFC-134a) and
1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethane (HFC-134)............................

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

3.7%

2903.46.10

00

1,1,1,2,3,3,3-Heptafluoropropane
(HFC-227ea),1,1,1,2,2,3-hexafluoropropane
(HFC-236cb),1,1,1,2,3,3-hexafluoropropane
(HFC-236ea) and 1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoropropane
(HFC-236fa).....................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2903.47.10

00

1,1,1,3,3-Pentafluoropropane (HFC-245fa) and
1,1,2,2,3-pentafluoropropane (HFC-245ca)................

kg..............

3.7%

2903.48.00

00

1,1,1,3,3-Pentafluorobutane (HFC-365mfc) and
1,1,1,2,2,3,4,5,5,5-decafluoropentane
(HFC-4310mee)..............................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2903.49.00

00

Other ................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

25%2/

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Halogenated derivatives of hydrocarbons: (con.)
Unsaturated fluorinated derivatives of acyclic
hydrocarbons:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2903 (con.)

2903.51.10

00

2,3,3,3-Tetrafluoropropene
(HFO-1234yf),1,3,3,3-tetrafluoropropene
(HFO-1234ze) and (Z)-1,1,1,4,4,4-hexafluoro-2-butene
(HFO-1336mzz)..............................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2903.59
2903.59.10

10

Other:

1,1,3,3,3-Pentafluoro-2-(trifluoromethyl)-prop-1-ene.

kg..............

3.7%

2903.59.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

Brominated or iodinated derivatives of acyclic
hydrocarbons:

2903.61.00

00

Methyl bromide (bromomethane)..................................

kg..............

2903.62.10

00

Ethylene dibromide (ISO) (1,2-dibromoethane)..........

kg..............

Free1/

5.4%1/

2903.69
2903.69.10

00

Other:

Acetylene tetrabromide; alkyl bromides, other than
methyl bromide (bromomethane); methylene
dibromide; and vinyl bromide..................................

kg..............

Free1/

2903.69.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

46.3%

25%

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2903 (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of hydrocarbons: (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of acyclic hydrocarbons containing
two or more different halogens:

2903.71.01

00

Chlorodifluoromethane (HCFC-22)...............................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2903.72.01

00

Dichlorotrifluoroethanes (HCFC-123)...........................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2903.73.01

00

Dichlorofluoroethanes (HCFC-141, 141b)...................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2903.74.01

00

Chlorodifluoroethanes (HCFC-142, 142b)...................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2903.75.01

00

Dichloropentafluoropropanes (HCFC-225, 225ca,
225cb)...............................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2903.76.01

00

Bromochlorodifluoromethane (Halon-1211),
bromotrifluoromethane (Halon-1301) and
dibromotetrafluoroethanes (Halon-2402).....................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2903.77.00

Other, perhalogenated only with fluorine and
chlorine.............................................................................

..................

3.7%

10

20

30

40

50

80
00

2903.78.00

Trichlorofluoromethane............................................

Trichlorotrifluoroethanes..........................................

Dichlorotetrafluoroethane (CFC-114).....................

Monochloropentafluoroethane (CFC-115)............

Dichlorodifluoromethane..........................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other perhalogenated derivatives.................................

kg
kg..............

3.7%1/

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2903 (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of hydrocarbons: (con.)

2903.79
2903.79.10

00

Halogenated derivatives of acyclic hydrocarbons containing
two or more different halogens: (con.)

Other:

Bromochloromethane...............................................

kg..............

2903.79.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free3/

3.7%1/

30

70

Monochlorotetrafluoroethane (HCFC-124)......

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Halogenated derivatives of cyclanic, cyclenic or
cycloterpenic hydrocarbons:

2903.81.00

00

1,2,3,4,5,6-Hexachlorocyclohexane (HCH (ISO)),
including lindane (ISO, INN)..........................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.82.00

00

Aldrin (ISO), chlordane (ISO) and heptachlor (ISO)....

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.83.00

00

Mirex (ISO).......................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

114.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

2903 (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of hydrocarbons: (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of cyclanic, cyclenic or
cycloterpenic hydrocarbons: (con.)

2903.89

Other:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-11

2

2903.89.05

00

Dibromoethyldibromocyclohexane...................

kg..............

Free3/

Derived in whole or in part from benzene or other
aromatic hydrocarbons:

2903.89.11

00

Pesticides....................................................

kg..............

5.5%

Other:

2903.89.15

00

Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.89.20

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.89.31

00

Chlorinated, but not otherwise halogenated....

kg..............

5.5%

Other:

2903.89.40

00

1,3,5,7,9,11-Hexabromocyclododecane...

kg..............

3.7%1/

Other:

2903.89.60

00

2903.89.70

Tetrabromocyclooctane.............................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

..................

Free1/

3.7%1/

10

90

Other hexabromocyclododecanes
(HBCDs)................................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

114.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2903 (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of hydrocarbons: (con.)

2903.91

Halogenated derivatives of aromatic hydrocarbons:

Chlorobenzene, o-dichlorobenzene and
p-dichlorobenzene:

2903.91.10

00

Chlorobenzene..........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.91.20

00

o-Dichlorobenzene...................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.91.30

00

p-Dichlorobenzene...................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.92.00

00

Hexachlorobenzene (ISO) and DDT (ISO) (clofenotane
(INN)), (1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-
bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane)............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.93.00

00

Pentachlorobenzene (ISO).............................................

kg..............

5.5%3/

2903.94.00

00

Hexabromobiphenyls......................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
91.5%

15.4¢/kg +

84%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +

71%

15.4¢/kg +

71%

15.4¢/kg +

71%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-13

2

2903 (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of hydrocarbons: (con.)

Halogenated derivatives of aromatic hydrocarbons: (con.)

2903.99
2903.99.05

00

Other:

3-Bromo-α,α,α-trifluorotoluene;
2-Chloro-5-bromo-α,α,α-trifluorotoluene;
andα-Chloro-3-methyltoluene.................................

kg..............

5.5%

2903.99.08

00

p-Chlorobenzotrifluoride; and
3,4-Dichlorobenzotrifluoride....................................

kg..............

5.5%

2903.99.10

00

m-Dichlorobenzene;
1,1-Dichloro-2,2-bis(p-ethylphenyl)ethane; and
Trichlorobenzenes....................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.99.15

00

Triphenylmethyl chloride..........................................

kg..............

Free3/

2903.99.20

00

Benzyl chloride (α-Chlorotoluene); and
Benzotrichloride (α,α,α-Trichlorotoluene)..............

kg..............

5.5%1/

2903.99.23

00

Pentabromoethylbenzene........................................

kg..............

2903.99.27

00

Tribromocumene......................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2903.99.30

00

Pesticides...........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2903.99.80

01

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

71%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

71%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +

71%

15.4¢/kg +

48%

15.4¢/kg +

71%

15.4¢/kg +

71%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +

71%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2904

2904.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of hydrocarbons,
whether or not halogenated:

Derivatives containing only sulfo groups, their salts and
ethyl esters:

2904.10.04

00

2-Anthracenesulfonic acid..............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.10.08

00

Benzenesulfonyl chloride................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.10.10

00

m-Benzenedisulfonic acid, sodium salt;
1,5-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid; andp-Toluenesulfonyl
chloride.............................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.10.15

00

Mixtures of 1,3,6-naphthalenetrisulfonic acid and
1,3,7-naphthalenetrisulfonic acid..................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

Aromatic:

2904.10.32

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.10.37

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.10.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

51%

15.4¢/kg +

51%

15.4¢/kg +
41.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

51%

15.4¢/kg +

51%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2904 (con.)

2904.20
2904.20.10

00

Sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of hydrocarbons,
whether or not halogenated: (con.)

Derivatives containing only nitro or only nitroso groups:

p-Nitrotoluene..................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.20.15

00

p-Nitro-o-xylene...............................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.20.20

00

Trinitrotoluene..................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2904.20.30

00

5-tert-Butyl-2,4,6-trinitro-m-xylene (Musk xylol) and
other artificial musks.......................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.20.35

00

Nitrated benzene, nitrated toluene (except
p-nitrotoluene), or nitrated naphthalene.......................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

Aromatic:

2904.20.40

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.20.45

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.20.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +
41.5%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

51%

15.4¢/kg +

51%

30.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2904 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of hydrocarbons,
whether or not halogenated: (con.)

Perfluorooctane sulfonic acid, its salts and perfluorooctane
sulfonyl fluoride:

2904.31.00

00

Perfluorooctane sulfonic acid.........................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2904.32.00

00

Ammonium perfluorooctane sulfonate..........................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2904.33.00

00

Lithium perfluorooctane sulfonate.................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2904.34.00

00

Potassium perfluorooctane sulfonate............................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2904.35.00

00

Other salts of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid.................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2904.36.00

00

Perfluorooctane sulfonyl fluoride...................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2904 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of hydrocarbons,
whether or not halogenated: (con.)

Other:

VI
29-17

2

2904.91.00

00

Trichloronitromethane (chloropicrin).............................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2904 (con.)

2904.99

2904.99.04

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of hydrocarbons,
whether or not halogenated: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Monochloromononitrobenzenes:
o-Nitrochlorobenzene;
andp-Nitrochlorobenzene.................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.99.08

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.99.15

00

4-Chloro-3-nitro-α,α,α-trifluorotoluene;
2-Chloro-5-nitro-α,α,α-trifluorotoluene; and
4-Chloro-3,5-dinitro-α,α,α-trifluorotoluene............

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.99.20

00

Nitrotoluenesulfonic acids.......................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.99.30

00

1-Bromo-2-nitrobenzene;
1,2-Dichloro-4-nitrobenzene and
o-Fluoronitrobenzene...............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.99.35

00

4,4'-Dinitrostilbene-2,2'-disulfonic acid..................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

Aromatic:

2904.99.40

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2904.99.47

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

2904.99.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P , PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+59%

15.4¢/kg +

59%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+51%

15.4¢/kg +
74.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P , PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg
+50%

15.4¢/kg +

51%

15.4¢/kg +

51%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-19

2

II. ALCOHOLS AND THEIR HALOGENATED, SULFONATED,
NITRATED OR NITROSATED DERIVATIVES

2905

Acyclic alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives:

2905.11
2905.11.10

00

Saturated monohydric alcohols:

Methanol (Methyl alcohol):

Imported only for use in producing synthetic natural
gas (SNG) or for direct use as a fuel......................

liters..........

Free1/

2905.11.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.5%1/

10

15

85

10

50
00

2905.12.00

2905.13.00

Imported for use in chemical production,
including production of aldehydes, plastics,
olefins and resins...............................................

liters

For use in wastewater treatment......................

liters

Other...................................................................
Propan-1-ol (Propyl alcohol) and propan-2-ol (Isopropyl
alcohol).............................................................................

liters

..................

5.5%1/

Propan-1-ol...............................................................

kg

Propan-2-ol...............................................................
Butan-1-ol (n-Butyl alcohol)...........................................

kg
kg..............

5.5%1/

2905.14
2905.14.10

00

Other butanols:

tert-Butyl alcohol, having a purity of less than 99
percent by weight.....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2905.14.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.5%1/

10

50

10

50
00

2905.16.00

2905.17.00

2-Methylpropan-1-ol (Isobutyl alcohol)............

kg

Other...................................................................
Octanol (Octyl alcohol) and isomers thereof................

kg
..................

3.7%1/

2-Ethylhexan-1-ol......................................................

Other..........................................................................
Dodecan-1-ol (Lauryl alcohol), hexadecan-1-ol (Cetyl
alcohol) and octadecan-1-ol (Stearyl alcohol).............

kg

kg

kg..............

5%1/

4.8¢/liter

46%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

66%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50.5%

50.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2905 (con.)

2905.19
2905.19.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Acyclic alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Saturated monohydric alcohols: (con.)

Other:

Pentanol (Amyl alcohol) and isomers thereof........

kg..............

5.5%1/

2905.19.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7% 1/

05

10

20

90

2905.22
2905.22.10

00

3,3-Dimethylbutan-2-ol (pinacolyl alcohol)......

Decyl alcohol and isomers thereof...................

Hexyl alcohol and isomers thereof...................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Unsaturated monohydric alcohols:
Acyclic terpene alcohols:

Geraniol.....................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

2905.22.20

00

Isophytol....................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2905.22.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.8% 1/

10

50

00

2905.29
2905.29.10

Citronellol............................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Allyl alcohol................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2905.29.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

37.5%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

25%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

45%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2905 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Acyclic alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Diols:

VI
29-21

2

2905.31.00

00

Ethylene glycol (Ethanediol)...........................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2905.32.00

00

Propylene glycol (Propane-1,2-diol)..............................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2905.39
2905.39.10

00

Other:

Butylene glycol..........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2905.39.20

00

Neopentyl glycol.......................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2905.39.60

00

Hexylene glycol.........................................................

kg..............

2905.39.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5% 1/

63%

51%

51%

54.5%

54.5%

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2905 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Acyclic alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Other polyhydric alcohols:

2905.41.00

00

2-Ethyl-2-(hydroxymethyl)propane-1,3-diol
(Trimethylolpropane).......................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2905.42.00

00

Pentaerythritol..................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2905.43.00

00

Mannitol............................................................................

kg..............

4.6%3/

2905.44.00

00

D-Glucitol (Sorbitol).........................................................

kg..............

4.9%3/

2905.45.00

00

Glycerol............................................................................

kg..............

0.5¢/kg3/

2905.49
2905.49.10

00

Other:

Triols and tetrols.......................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2905.49.20

00

Esters of glycerol formed with acids of heading
2904...........................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2905.49.30

00

2905.49.40

00

Other:

Polyhydric alcohols derived from sugars:

Xylitol............................................................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2905.49.50

01

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

25%2/

25%2/

50%

50%

4.4¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2905 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-23

2

Acyclic alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives
of acyclic alcohols:

2905.51.00

00

Ethchlorvynol (INN).........................................................

kg..............

Free

2905.59
2905.59.10

00

Other:

Derivatives of monohydric alcohols........................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2905.59.30

00

Dibromoneopentylglycol..........................................

kg..............

2905.59.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2906

Cyclic alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives:

Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic:

2906.11.00

00

Menthol.............................................................................

kg..............

2.1%1/

2906.12.00

00

Cyclohexanol, methylcyclohexanols and
dimethylcyclohexanols....................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2906.13
2906.13.10

00

Sterols and inositols:

Inositols......................................................................

kg..............

2906.13.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.7%1/

2906.19
2906.19.10

00

Other:

4,4'-Isopropylidenedicyclohexanol; and mixtures
containing not less than 90 percent by weight of
stereoisomers of 2-isopropyl-
5-methylcyclohexanol, but containing not more
than 30 percent by weight of any one such
stereoisomer.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2906.19.30

00

Terpineols..................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2906.19.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

39%

39%

54.5%

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.2%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

50%

25%

45%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2906 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cyclic alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Aromatic:

2906.21.00

00

Benzyl alcohol..................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2906.29

Other:

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds:

2906.29.10

00

Phenethyl alcohol...............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2906.29.20

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

2906.29.30

00

1,1-Bis(4-chlorophenyl)- 2,2,2-trichloro-ethanol
(Dicofol); andp-Nitrobenzyl alcohol..................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

2906.29.60

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

77%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-25

2

III. PHENOLS, PHENOL-ALCOHOLS AND THEIR
HALOGENATED, SULFONATED, NITRATED OR
NITROSATED DERIVATIVES

2907

Phenols; phenol-alcohols:

Monophenols:

2907.11.00

00

Phenol (Hydroxybenzene) and its salts........................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2907.12.00

00

Cresols and their salts....................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2907.13.00

00

Octylphenol, nonylphenol and their isomers; salts
thereof...............................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2907.15
2907.15.10

00

Naphthols and their salts:

α-Naphthol.................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2907.15.30

00

β-Naphthol (2-Naphthol)..........................................

kg..............

2907.15.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2907.19
2907.19.10

00

Other:

Alkylcresols...............................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2907.19.20

00

Alkylphenols..............................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

2907.19.40

00

Thymol.......................................................................

kg..............

4.2% 1/

2907.19.61

00

2-tert-Butylethylphenol; 6-tert-Butyl-2,4-xylenol;
and Xylenols and their salts..............................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

2907.19.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

15.4¢/kg +

44%

48.3%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+73%

15.4¢/kg +

73%

15.4¢/kg +

73%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +

80%

35%

15.4¢/kg +

44%

15.4¢/kg +

44%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2907 (con.)

Phenols; phenol-alcohols: (con.)

Polyphenols; phenol-alcohols:

2907.21.00

00

Resorcinol and its salts...................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2907.22
2907.22.10

00

Hydroquinone (Quinol) and its salts:

Photographic grade..................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2907.22.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2907.23.00

00

4,4'-Isopropylidenediphenol (Bisphenol A,
Diphenylolpropane) and its salts...................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2907.29
2907.29.05

00

Other:

Phenol-alcohols........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2907.29.10

00

Pyrogallic acid...........................................................

kg..............

1.3%

2907.29.15

00

4,4'-Biphenol.............................................................

kg..............

2907.29.25

00

tert-Butylhydroquinone.............................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2907.29.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg
+50%

15.4¢/kg +

44%

15.4¢/kg +

44%

15.4¢/kg +

44%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

2%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

44%

15.4¢/kg +

44%

15.4¢/kg +

44%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2908

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-27

2

Halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of
phenols or phenol-alcohols:

Derivatives containing only halogen substituents and their
salts:

2908.11.00

00

Pentachlorophenol (ISO)................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.19
2908.19.05

00

2908.19.10

00

Other:

2,2-Bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoro-
propane......................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6-Chloro-m-cresol [OH=1];m-Chlorophenol; and
Chlorothymol.............................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.19.15

00

3-Hydroxy-α,α,α-trifluorotoluene............................

kg..............

5.5%

2908.19.20

00

Salts of pentachlorophenol; and
2,4,5-Trichlorophenol and its salts.........................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.19.25

00

Tetrabromobisphenol A...........................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.19.35

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2908.19.60

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+40%

15.4¢/kg +

62%

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

15.4¢/kg
+62%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+40%

15.4¢/kg +

62%

15.4¢/kg +

62%

15.4¢/kg +

62%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2908 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of
phenols or phenol-alcohols: (con.)

Other:

2908.91.00

00

Dinoseb (ISO) and its salts............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.92.00

00

4,6-Dinitro-o-cresol (DNOC) (ISO) and its salts..........

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.99

Other:

2908.99.03

00

Derivatives containing only sulfo groups, their salts
and esters:

2,5-Dihydroxybenzenesulfonic acid, potassium
salt; 3,6-Dihydroxy-2,7-naphthalenedisulfonic
acid; 3,6-Dihydroxy-2,7-naphthalenedisulfonic
acid, sodium salt;
4-Hydroxy-1-naphthalenesulfonic acid, sodium
salt; 1-Naphthol-3,6-disulfonic acid; and
2-Naphthol-3,6-disulfonic acid and its salts....

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.99.06

00

2908.99.09

00

4-Hydroxy-1-naphthalenesulfonic acid
(1-Naphthol-4-sulfonic acid).............................

kg..............

Free3/

1,8-Dihydroxynaphthalene-3,6-disulfonic acid
and its disodium salt..........................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.99.12

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2908.99.15

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, L,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
45.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +
45.5%

15.4¢/kg
+62%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

62%

15.4¢/kg +

62%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of
phenols or phenol-alcohols: (con.)

VI
29-29

2

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2908 (con.)

2908.99
(con.)

2908.99.20

00

p-Nitrophenol......................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.99.25

00

Other nitrophenols.............................................

kg..............

5.5%

2908.99.33

00

Dinitro-o-cresols (other than
4,6-dinitro-o-cresol) and 4-nitro-m-cresol.......

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.99.40

00

Dinitrobutylphenol and its salts........................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2908.99.80

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2908.99.90

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

15.4¢/kg
+51.5%

15.4¢/kg +
51.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+45.5%

15.4¢/kg
+48.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

62%

15.4¢/kg +

62%

VI
29-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2909

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV. ETHERS, ALCOHOL PEROXIDES, ETHER PEROXIDES,
ACETAL AND HEMIACETAL PEROXIDES, KETONE
PEROXIDES, EPOXIDES WITH A THREE-MEMBERED
RING, ACETALS AND HEMIACETALS, AND THEIR
HALOGENATED, SULFONATED, NITRATED OR
NITROSATED DERIVATIVES:

Ethers, ether-alcohols, ether-phenols, ether-alcohol- phenols,
alcohol peroxides, ether peroxides, acetal and hemiacetal
peroxides, ketone peroxides (whether or not chemically
defined), and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives

Acyclic ethers and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated
or nitrosated derivatives:

2909.11.00

00

Diethyl ether.....................................................................

kg..............

1%1/

2909.19

Other:

Ethers of monohydric alcohols:

2909.19.14

00

Methyl tertiary-butyl ether (MTBE)..................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.19.18

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

2909.19.30

00

2909.19.60

00

Ethers of polyhydric alcohols:

Triethylene glycol dichloride.............................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2909.20.00

00

Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic ethers and their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated
derivatives...............................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

4%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

37%

37%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

54.5%

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2909 (con.)

2909.30

2909.30.05

00

Ethers, ether-alcohols, ether-phenols, ether-alcohol- phenols,
alcohol peroxides, ether peroxides, acetal and hemiacetal
peroxides, ketone peroxides (whether or not chemically
defined), and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives (con.)

Aromatic ethers and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated
or nitrosated derivatives:

5-Chloro-2-nitroanisole;
6-Chloro-3-nitro-p-dimethoxybenzene; and Dimethyl
diphenyl ether..................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.30.07

00

Decabromodiphenyl oxide; and Octabromodiphenyl
oxide.................................................................................

kg..............

5.5%

2909.30.09

00

Bis(tribromophenoxy)ethane; Pentabromodiphenyl
oxide; and Tetra decabromodiphenoxy benzene........

kg..............

Free

Other:

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds:

2909.30.10

00

6-tert-Butyl-3-methyl-2,4-dinitroanisole (Musk
ambrette) and other artificial musks................

kg..............

5.5%

2909.30.20

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.30.30

00

Pesticides..................................................................

kg..............

5.5%

2909.30.40

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2909.30.60

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+57%

15.4¢/kg
+58%

15.4¢/kg
+48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2909 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ethers, ether-alcohols, ether-phenols, ether-alcohol- phenols,
alcohol peroxides, ether peroxides, acetal and hemiacetal
peroxides, ketone peroxides (whether or not chemically
defined), and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives (con.)

Ether-alcohols and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated
or nitrosated derivatives:

2909.41.00

00

2,2'-Oxydiethanol (Diethylene glycol, Digol)................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.43.00

00

Monobutyl ethers of ethylene glycol or of diethylene
glycol.................................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.44.01

Other monoalkyl ethers of ethylene glycol or of
diethylene glycol..............................................................

..................

5.5%1/

10

50

Monomethyl ethers of ethylene glycol or of
diethylene glycol.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

2909.49

Other:

Aromatic:

2909.49.05

00

Guaifenesin........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2909.49.10

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2909.49.15

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.49.20

00

Glycerol ethers...................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Other:

2909.49.30

00

Dipentaerythritol having a purity of 94 percent
or more by weight..............................................

kg..............

Free1/

2909.49.60

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

79%

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

54.5%

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-33

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2909 (con.)

2909.50

2909.50.10

00

Ethers, ether-alcohols, ether-phenols, ether-alcohol- phenols,
alcohol peroxides, ether peroxides, acetal and hemiacetal
peroxides, ketone peroxides (whether or not chemically
defined), and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives (con.)

Ether-phenols, ether-alcohol-phenols and their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
4-Ethylguaiacol................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.50.20

00

Guaiacol and its derivatives...........................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.50.40

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds......................

..................

4.8%1/

Other:

10

50

Eugenol and isoeugenol....................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

2909.50.45

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.50.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.60

Alcohol peroxides, ether peroxides, acetal and hemiacetal
peroxides, ketone peroxides and their halogenated,
sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:

Aromatic:

2909.60.10

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3 to
section VI...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.60.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2909.60.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg
+79%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

15.4¢/kg +
70.5%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2910

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Epoxides, epoxyalcohols, epoxyphenols and epoxyethers, with
a three-membered ring, and their halogenated, sulfonated,
nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:

2910.10.00

00

Oxirane (Ethylene oxide).......................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2910.20.00

00

Methyloxirane (Propylene oxide)..........................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2910.30.00

00

1-Chloro-2,3-epoxypropane (Epichlorohydrin)...................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2910.40.00

00

Dieldrin (ISO, INN).................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

2910.50.00

00

Endrin......................................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

2910.90
2910.90.10

00

Other:

Butylene oxide.................................................................

kg..............

4.6%1/

2910.90.20

00

Aromatic....................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2910.90.91

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

2911.00

Acetals and hemiacetals, whether or not with other oxygen
function, and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives:

2911.00.10

00

1,1-Bis(1-methylethoxy)cyclohexane...................................

kg..............

2911.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.3%1/

49%

55%

25%

31%

31%

46%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

31%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

36.5%

36.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-35

2

V. ALDEHYDE-FUNCTION COMPOUNDS

2912

Aldehydes, whether or not with other oxygen function; cyclic
polymers of aldehydes; paraformaldehyde:

Acyclic aldehydes without other oxygen function:

2912.11.00

00

Methanal (Formaldehyde)..............................................

kg..............

2.8%1/

2912.12.00

00

Ethanal (Acetaldehyde)..................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

2912.19

Other:

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds:

2912.19.10

00

Citral....................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2912.19.20

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

2912.19.25

00

Butanal (Butyraldehyde, normal isomer).........

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2912.19.30

00

Glyoxal................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2912.19.40

00

Isobutanal...........................................................

kg..............

5.5%

2912.19.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

12.1%

71%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

61.5%

25%

61.5%

37%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2912 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Aldehydes, whether or not with other oxygen function; cyclic
polymers of aldehydes; paraformaldehyde: (con.)

Cyclic aldehydes without other oxygen function:

2912.21.00

00

Benzaldehyde..................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2912.29
2912.29.10

00

Other:

Phenylacetaldehyde.................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2912.29.30

00

3,4-Dimethylbenzaldehyde; Paraldehyde, USP
grade; andp-Tolualdehyde......................................

kg..............

Free1/

2912.29.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.5%1/

10

90

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds...............

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+40.5%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg
+58%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2912 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-37

2

Aldehydes, whether or not with other oxygen function; cyclic
polymers of aldehydes; paraformaldehyde: (con.)

Aldehyde alcohols, aldehyde-ethers, aldehyde-phenols
and aldehydes with other oxygen function:

2912.41.00

00

Vanillin (4-Hydroxy-3-methoxybenzaldehyde).............

kg..............

5.5%3/

2912.42.00

00

Ethylvanillin (3-Ethoxy-4-hydroxybenzaldehyde).........

kg..............

5.5%1/

2912.49

Other:

Aromatic:

2912.49.10

00

p-Anisaldehyde..................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2912.49.15

00

p-Hydroxybenzaldehyde...................................

kg..............

2912.49.26

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2912.49.55

00

Hydroxycitronellal........................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

Other:

Aldehyde-alcohols:

2912.49.60

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

5.1%1/

2912.49.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

2912.50
2912.50.10

00

Cyclic polymers of aldehydes:

Metaldehyde....................................................................

kg..............

2912.50.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2912.60.00

00

Paraformaldehyde..................................................................

kg..............

5.1%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+48%

15.4¢/kg
+80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+36%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg
+58%

45%

37%

45%

40%

40%

32.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2913.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives of
products of heading 2912:

Aromatic:

2913.00.20

00

4-Fluoro-3-phenoxybenzaldehyde................................

kg..............

2913.00.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2913.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

15.4¢/kg +
77.5%

15.4¢/kg +
77.5%

37%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-39

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2914

2914.11
2914.11.10

00

VI. KETONE-FUNCTION COMPOUNDS AND
QUINONE-FUNCTION COMPOUNDS

Ketones and quinones, whether or not with other oxygen
function, and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated, or
nitrosated derivatives:

Acyclic ketones without other oxygen function:

Acetone:

Derived in whole or in part from cumene...............

kg..............

5.5%1/

2914.11.50
2914.12.00

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Butanone (Methyl ethyl ketone).....................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
3.1%1/

2914.13.00

00

4-Methylpentan-2-one (Methyl isobutyl ketone)..........

kg..............

4%1/

2914.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4% 1/

2914.22
2914.22.10

00

Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic ketones without other
oxygen function:

Cyclohexanone and methylcyclohexanones:

Cyclohexanone.........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2914.22.20

00

Methylcyclohexanones.............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2914.23.00

00

Ionones and methylionones...........................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

2914.29
2914.29.10

00

Other:

Isophorone.................................................................

kg..............

4%1/

Camphor:

2914.29.30

00

2914.29.31

00

Natural.................................................................

kg..............

Synthetic.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.6%1/

2914.29.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.8% 1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

60%

20%
20%

20%

20%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+40%

15.4¢/kg
+40%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11¢/kg

11%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2914 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ketones and quinones, whether or not with other oxygen
function, and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated, or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Aromatic ketones without other oxygen function:

2914.31.00

00

Phenylacetone (Phenylpropan-2-one)..........................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2914.39
2914.39.10

00

Other:

7-Acetyl-1,1,3,4,4,6-hexamethyl-tetra hydro
naphthalene; 1-(2-Naphthalenyl) ethanone; and
6-Acetyl-1,1,2,3,3,5-hexamethylindan...................

kg..............

Free1/

2914.39.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

2914.40
2914.40.10

00

Ketone-alcohols and ketone-aldehydes:

4-Hydroxy-4-methylpentan-2-one (Diacetone
alcohol).............................................................................

kg..............

4%1/

Other:

Aromatic:

2914.40.20

00

1,2,3-Indantrione monohydrate (Ninhydrin)....

kg..............

5.5%1/

2914.40.40

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2914.40.60

00

2914.40.90

00

1,3-Dihydroxyacetone.......................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4.8%1/

2914.50

Ketone-phenols and ketones with other oxygen function:

Aromatic:

2914.50.10

00

5-Benzoyl-4-hydroxy-2-methoxybenzene-sulfonic
acid.............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2914.50.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 1/

2914.50.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4% 1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

42%

15.4¢/kg +

42%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

42%

15.4¢/kg +

42%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2914 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-41

2

Ketones and quinones, whether or not with other oxygen
function, and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated, or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Quinones:

2914.61.00

00

Anthraquinone.................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2914.62.00

00

Coenzyme Q10 (ubidecarenone (INN).........................

kg..............

5.5%

2914.69
2914.69.10

00

Other:

Photographic chemicals..........................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2914.69.21

00

Drugs..........................................................................

kg..............

5.5%

2914.69.60

00

1,4-Dihydroxyanthraquinone; and
2-Ethylanthraquinone........................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

2914.69.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%

15.4¢/kg +

42%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg
+50%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

42%

15.4¢/kg +

42%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2914 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ketones and quinones, whether or not with other oxygen
function, and their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated, or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

2914.71.00

00

Halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
Chlordecone (ISO)..........................................................

kg..............

4% 1/

2914.79

2914.79.10

00

Other:

Aromatic:

2,3-Dichloro-1,4-naphthoquinone
1,8-Dihydroxy-4,5-dinitroanthraquinone; and
4-tert-Butyl-2,6-dimethyl-3,5-dinitroacetophenone
(Musk ketone) and other artificial musks........

kg..............

5.5%1/

2914.79.30

00

Anthraquinone disulfonic acid, sodium salt;
and 4-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-1-tetralone...........

kg..............

Free1/

2914.79.40

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5% 3/

Other:

2914.79.60

00

2914.79.90

00

1-Chloro-5-hexanone........................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4% 1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+52%

15.4¢/kg +

42%

15.4¢/kg +

42%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

20%

20%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-43

2

VII. CARBOXYLIC ACIDS AND THEIR ANHYDRIDES,
HALIDES, PEROXIDES AND PEROXYACIDS AND THEIR
HALOGENATED, SULFONATED, NITRATED OR
NITROSATED DERIVATIVES

2915

Saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids and their anhydrides,
halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their halogenated,
sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:

Formic acid, its salts and esters:

2915.11.00

00

Formic acid......................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.12.00

00

Salts of formic acid..........................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.13
2915.13.10

00

Esters of formic acid:

Aromatic....................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.13.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2915.21.00

00

Acetic acid........................................................................

kg..............

1.8%1/

Acetic acid and its salts; acetic anhydride:

2915.24.00

00

Acetic anhydride..............................................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

2915.29
2915.29.10

00

Other:

Cupric acetate monohydrate...................................

kg..............

2915.29.20

00

Sodium acetate.........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.7%1/

2915.29.30

00

Cobalt acetates.........................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2915.29.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.8%1/

22.5%

27.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg
+58%

25%

16%

22%

25%

25%

30%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2915 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids and their anhydrides,
halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their halogenated,
sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Esters of acetic acid:

2915.31.00

00

Ethyl acetate....................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2915.32.00

00

Vinyl acetate.....................................................................

kg..............

3.8%1/

2915.33.00

00

n-Butyl acetate.................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.36.00

00

Dinoseb (ISO) acetate....................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.39

Other:

Aromatic:

2915.39.10

00

Benzyl acetate.............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds:

2915.39.20

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.39.31

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2915.39.35

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

5.5%

20.5%

52%

40%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
104.5%

15.4¢/kg
+58%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-45

2

Saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids and their anhydrides,
halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their halogenated,
sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Esters of acetic acid: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2915 (con.)

2915.39
(con.)

2915.39.40

00

Linalyl acetate..............................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.39.45

Other.............................................................

..................

4.8% 1/

10

50

2915.39.47

00

2915.39.60

00

2915.39.70

00

2915.39.80

00

n-Propyl acetate...................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Acetates of polyhydric alcohols or of
polyhydric alcohol ethers............................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

Bis(bromoacetoxy)butene...................

kg..............

Isobutyl acetate....................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.5%1/

2-Ethoxyethyl acetate (Ethylene glycol,
monoethyl ether acetate).....................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.39.90

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

54.5%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-46

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2915 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids and their anhydrides,
halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their halogenated,
sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

2915.40
2915.40.10

00

Mono-, di- or trichloroacetic acids, their salts and esters:
Chloroacetic acids...........................................................

kg..............

1.8%1/

Other:

Aromatic:

2915.40.20

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

5.5%3/

2915.40.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.40.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7% 1/

10

50

00

2915.50
2915.50.10

Sodium chloroacetate.......................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Propionic acid, its salts and esters:

Propionic acid..................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2915.50.20

00

Aromatic....................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

Other:

2915.50.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2915.60
2915.60.10

00

Butanoic acids, pentanoic acids, their salts and esters:

Aromatic...........................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.60.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.1%1/

17.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

25%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2915 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids and their anhydrides,
halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their halogenated,
sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

VI
29-47

2

2915.70.01

Palmitic acid, stearic acid, their salts and esters...............

..................

5%1/

2915.90

2915.90.10

10

20

50

10

50

Palmitic acid.....................................................................

Stearic acid......................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Acids:

Fatty acids of animal or vegetable origin...............

..................

5%1/

Lauric acid..........................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

2915.90.14

00

Valproic acid.......................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2915.90.18

Other...................................................................

..................

4.2%1/

10

90

Perfluorooctanoic acids and their salts.....

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

2915.90.20

00

Aromatic....................................................................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2915.90.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.8%1/

10

50

Acid chlorides.....................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

29.5%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-48

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2916

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, cyclic
monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides
and peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives:

Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and their
derivatives:

2916.11.00

00

Acrylic acid and its salts.................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

2916.12
2916.12.10

00

Esters of acrylic acid:

Aromatic....................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2916.12.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7% 1/

10

20

30

40

50
00

2916.13.00

Ethyl acrylate......................................................

Methyl acrylate...................................................

Butyl acrylate......................................................

2-Ethyl-1-hexyl acrylate.....................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Methacrylic acid and its salts.........................................

kg
kg..............

4.2%1/

2916.14
2916.14.10

00

Esters of methacrylic acid:

Dicyclopentenyloxyethyl methacrylate...................

kg..............

2916.14.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

3.7%1/

10

20

50

00

2916.15
2916.15.10

Ethyl methacrylate.............................................

Methyl methacrylate..........................................

Other...................................................................
Oleic, linoleic or linolenic acids, their salts and esters:
Oleic, linoleic or linolenic acids...............................

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

6.5%1/

2916.15.51

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.4%1/

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35.2%

27%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2916 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-49

2

Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, cyclic
monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides
and peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and their
derivatives: (con.)

2916.16.00

00

Binapacryl (ISO)..............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2916.19
2916.19.10

00

Other:

Potassium sorbate....................................................

kg..............

3.1% 1/

2916.19.20

00

Sorbic acid................................................................

kg..............

4.2% 1/

2916.19.30

00

Acids...................................................................

kg..............

6.1% 1/

Other:

2916.19.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2916.20

2916.20.10

00

Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic monocarboxylic acids,
their anhydrides, halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and their
derivatives:

(2,3,5,6-Tetrafluoro-4-methylphenyl)methyl-
(1α-3α)-(Z)-(±)-3-(2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoro-1-
propenyl-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate)
(Tefluthrin)........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2916.20.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

24.4%2/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-50

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2916 (con.)

2916.31
2916.31.11

Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, cyclic
monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides
and peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Aromatic monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives:

Benzoic acid, its salts and esters:

Benzoic acid and its salts........................................

..................

6.5%1/

05

70

90

Benzoic acid.......................................................

Sodium benzoate...............................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

2916.31.20

00

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds...............

kg..............

6.5%1/

2916.31.30

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2916.31.50

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2916.32
2916.32.10

00

Benzoyl peroxide and benzoyl chloride:

Benzoyl peroxide......................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2916.32.20

00

Benzoyl chloride.......................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

44%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-51

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2916 (con.)

2916.34
2916.34.10

00

Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, cyclic
monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides
and peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Aromatic monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)

Phenylacetic acid and its salts:

Phenylacetic acid (α-Toluic acid)...........................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2916.34.15

00

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds...............

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2916.34.25

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

Other:

2916.34.55

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-52

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2916 (con.)

2916.39
2916.39.03

00

Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, cyclic
monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides
and peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Aromatic monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)

Other:

Benzoic anhydride;tert-Butyl
peroxybenzoate;p-Nitrobenzoyl chloride;
2-Nitro-m-toluic acid; and 3-Nitro-o-toluic acid......

kg..............

6.5%1/

2916.39.04

00

m-Chloroperoxybenzoic acid; andp-Sulfobenzoic
acid, potassium salt..................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2916.39.06

00

Cinnamic acid...........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2916.39.08

00

4-Chloro-3-nitrobenzoic acid...................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

2916.39.12

00

4-Chloro-3,5-dinitrobenzoic acid and its esters.....

kg..............

6.5%3/

2916.39.15

00

Ibuprofen...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2916.39.16

00

4-Chlorobenzoic acid...............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2916.39.17

00

2,2-Dichlorophenylacetic acid, ethyl ester;
andm-Toluic acid......................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg
+40.5%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +
47.5%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2916 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-53

2

Unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids, cyclic
monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides
and peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Aromatic monocarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)

2916.39
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

2916.39.21

00

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds...............

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2916.39.46

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2916.39.77

00

2916.39.79

00

Other:

Esters of phenylacetic acid.................

kg..............

Free1/

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5% 3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-54

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2917

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides and
peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives:

Acyclic polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives:

2917.11.00

00

Oxalic acid, its salts and esters.....................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

2917.12
2917.12.10

00

Adipic acid, its salts and esters:

Adipic acid.................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.12.20

00

Plasticizers.........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2917.12.50

00

Other4/.................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.13.00

Azelaic acid, sebacic acid, their salts and esters........

..................

4.8%1/

30

90

00

2917.14
2917.14.10

Sebacic acid..............................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Maleic anhydride:

Derived in whole or in part from benzene or other
aromatic hydrocarbons............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.14.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

34.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

63%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-55

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2917 (con.)

2917.19
2917.19.10

00

Polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides and
peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Acyclic polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)

Other:

Ferrous fumarate......................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.19.15

00

Derived in whole or in part from aromatic
hydrocarbons.....................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Fumaric acid:

2917.19.17

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

Maleic acid; succinnic acid derived in whole or in
part from maleic anhydride or from cyclohexane;
glutaric acid derived in whole or in part from
cyclopentanone; andanhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and other derivatives of
adipic acid, of fumaric acid derived in whole or in
part from aromatic hydrocarbons, of maleic acid,
of succinnic acid derived in whole or in part from
maleic anhydride or from cyclohexane or of glutaric
acid derived in whole or in part from
cyclopentanone, not elsewhere specified or
included:

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2917.19.20

00

2917.19.23

00

Maleic acid...................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2917.19.27

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.19.30

00

Ethylene brassylate..................................................

kg..............

4.8%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

87%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-56

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2917 (con.)

2917.19
(con.)
2917.19.35

00

2917.19.40

00

Polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides and
peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Acyclic polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Malonic acid..............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Derived in whole or in part from aromatic
hydrocarbons.....................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.19.70

Other...................................................................

..................

4%

20

50
00

2917.20.00

Plasticizers...................................................

Other.............................................................
Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic polycarboxylic acids,
their anhydrides, halides, peroxides, peroxyacids and their
derivatives...............................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

4.2% 1/

25%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2917 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-57

2

Polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides and
peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Aromatic polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives:

2917.32.00

00

Dioctyl orthophthalates...................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.33.00

Dinonyl or didecyl orthophthalates................................

..................

6.5%1/

10

50

10

50
00

2917.34.01

2917.35.00

Diisodecyl orthophthalate........................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other esters of orthophthalic acid.................................

kg
..................

6.5%1/

Dibutyl orthophthalate..............................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Phthalic anhydride...........................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.36.00

00

Terephthalic acid and its salts.......................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.37.00

00

Dimethyl terephthalate....................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

49%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

42%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-58

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2917 (con.)

2917.39
2917.39.04

00

Polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides and
peroxyacids; their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or
nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

Aromatic polycarboxylic acids, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)

Other:

1,2,4-Benzenetricarboxylic acid, 1,2-dianhydride
(Trimellitic anhydride); Phthalic acid; and
4-Sulfo-1,8-naphthalic anhydride...........................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.39.08

00

Naphthalic anhydride...............................................

kg..............

Free

2917.39.12

00

4,4'-(Hexafluoroisopropylidene)bis(phthalic
anhydride).................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2917.39.15

00

Isophthalic acid.........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2917.39.17

00

Tetrabromophthalic anhydride................................

kg..............

6.5%

2917.39.20

00

Plasticizers.........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2917.39.30

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2917.39.70

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

37%

15.4¢/kg +

37%

15.4¢/kg +

73%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

73%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

73%

15.4¢/kg +

73%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-59

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2918

2918.11
2918.11.10

00

Carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function and their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
Carboxylic acids with alcohol function but without other
oxygen function, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides,
peroxyacids and their derivatives:

Lactic acid, its salts and esters:

Lactic acid.................................................................

kg..............

5.1%1/

2918.11.51

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.4% 1/

2918.12.00

00

Tartaric acid.....................................................................

kg..............

2918.13
2918.13.10

00

Salts and esters of tartaric acid:

Potassium antimony tartrate (Tartar emetic).........

kg..............

2918.13.20

00

Potassium bitartrate (Cream of tartar)...................

kg..............

2918.13.30

00

Potassium sodium tartrate (Rochelle salts)...........

kg..............

2918.13.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4.4%1/

2918.14.00

00

Citric acid.........................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

2918.15
2918.15.10

00

Salts and esters of citric acid:

Sodium citrate...........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2918.15.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

35%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17%

4%

11%

11.5%

25%2/

39.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

42%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-60

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2918 (con.)

2918.16
2918.16.10

00

Carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function and their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
(con.)

Carboxylic acids with alcohol function but without other
oxygen function, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides,
peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)
Gluconic acid, its salts and esters:

Gluconic acid............................................................

kg..............

6%1/

2918.16.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

20

90
01

2918.17.00

Sodium gluconate..............................................

Calcium gluconate.............................................

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
2,2-Diphenyl-2-hydroxyacetic acid (benzilic acid).......

kg
kg..............

5.8%1/

2918.18.00

00

Chlorobenzilate (ISO).....................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2918 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-61

2

Carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function and their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
(con.)

Carboxylic acids with alcohol function but without other
oxygen function, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides,
peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)

2918.19

Other:

Aromatic:

2918.19.11

00

Benzilic acid, methyl ester................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

2918.19.12

00

Mandelic acid..............................................

kg..............

Phenylglycolic acid (Mandelic acid), its salts
and esters:

2918.19.15

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

2918.19.20

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

Other:

2918.19.31

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

2918.19.60

00

Malic acid............................................................

kg..............

4%1/

Other:

2918.19.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4% 1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-62

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2918 (con.)

2918.21
2918.21.10

00

Carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function and their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
(con.)

Carboxylic acids with phenol function but without other
oxygen function, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides,
peroxyacids and their derivatives:
Salicylic acid and its salts:

Suitable for medicinal use.......................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2918.21.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2918.22
2918.22.10

00

O-Acetylsalicylic acid, its salts and esters:

O-Acetylsalicylic acid (Aspirin)...............................

kg..............

6.5%

2918.22.50

00

Salts and esters of O-acetylsalicylic acid..............

kg..............

6.5%

2918.23
2918.23.10

00

Other esters of salicylic acid and their salts:

Salol (Phenyl salicylate) suitable for medicinal
use..............................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2918.23.20

00

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds...............

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2918.23.30

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2918.23.50

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

15.4¢/kg +

72%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

82%

15.4¢/kg +
47.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-63

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2918 (con.)

2918.29
2918.29.04

00

Carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function and their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
(con.)

Carboxylic acids with phenol function but without other
oxygen function, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides,
peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)

Other:

2,3-Cresotic acid; 2-Hydroxybenzoic acid, calcium
salt; 1-Hydroxy-2-naphthoic acid;
2-Hydroxy-1-naphthoic acid;
1-Hydroxy-2-naphthoic acid, phenyl
ester;α-Resorcylic acid;γ-Resorcylic acid; and
5-Sulfosalicylic acid..................................................

kg..............

5.8% 1/

2918.29.06

00

1,6-Hexanediol
bis(3,5-dibutyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionate)........

kg..............

5.8%1/

2918.29.08

00

m-Hydroxybenzoic acid...........................................

kg..............

Free1/

2918.29.20

00

Gentisic acid; and Hydroxycinnamic acid and its
salts............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2918.29.22

00

p-Hydroxybenzoic acid............................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2918.29.25

00

3-Hydroxy-2-naphthoic acid....................................

kg..............

6.5%

2918.29.30

00

Gallic acid..................................................................

kg..............

1%1/

2918.29.39

00

4,4-Bis(4-hydroxyphenyl) pentanoic acid; and
3,5,6-Trichlorosalicylic acid.....................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

2%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-64

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2918 (con.)

2918.29
(con.)

2918.29.65

00

Carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function and their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
(con.)

Carboxylic acids with phenol function but without other
oxygen function, their anhydrides, halides, peroxides,
peroxyacids and their derivatives: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2918.29.75

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2918 (con.)

2918.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-65

2

Carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function and their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
(con.)

Carboxylic acids with aldehyde or ketone function but
without other oxygen function, their anhydrides, halides,
peroxides, peroxyacids and their derivatives:

Aromatic:

2918.30.10

00

1-Formylphenylacetic acid, methyl ester...............

kg..............

5.8%1/

2918.30.15

00

2-Chloro-4,5-difluoro-ß-oxobenzenepropanoic
acid, ethyl ester; and Ethyl
2-keto-4-phenylbutanoate.......................................

kg..............

Free1/

2918.30.25

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2918.30.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2918.30.70

00

Other:

Dimethyl acetyl succinate; Oxalacetic acid diethyl
ester, sodium salt; 4,4,4-Trifluoro-3-oxobutanoic
acid, ethyl ester; and 4,4,4-Trifluoro-3-oxobutanoic
acid, methyl ester.....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2918.30.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-66

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2918 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function and their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
(con.)

Other:

2918.91.00

00

2,4,5-T (ISO) (2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid), its
salts and esters...............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2918.99

2918.99.05

00

2918.99.06

00

Other:

Aromatic:

p-Anisic acid; Clofibrate; and
3-Phenoxybenzoic acid.....................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

1-Hydroxy-6-octadecyloxy-2-naphthalene-
carboxylic acid; and
1-Hydroxy-6-docosyloxy-2-naphthalene-
carboxylic acid...................................................

kg..............

Free

2918.99.14

00

2-(4-Chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propionic acid
and its salts.........................................................

kg..............

Free

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2918 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-67

2

Carboxylic acids with additional oxygen function and their
anhydrides, halides, peroxides and peroxyacids; their
halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
(con.)

2918.99
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic: (con.)
Other:

Pesticides:

2918.99.18

00

4-(4-Chloro-2-methylphenoxy) butyric
acid;p-Chlorophenoxyacetic acid; and
2-(2,4-Dichlorophenoxy) propionic
acid........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2918.99.20

Other......................................................

..................

6.5% 3/

10

15

50
00

2918.99.30

2,4-Dichlorophenoxyacetic acid,
its salts and esters.........................

2-Methyl-4-chlorophenoxyacetic
acid..................................................

kg

kg

Other...............................................
Drugs............................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5%

2918.99.35

00

Odoriferous or flavoring compounds........

kg..............

6.5%

2918.99.43

00

Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2918.99.47

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2918.99.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
47.5%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-68

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII. ESTERS OF INORGANIC ACIDS OF NONMETALS AND
THEIR SALTS, AND THEIR HALOGENATED, SULFONATED,
NITRATED OR NITROSATED DERIVATIVES

2919

2919.10.00

00

Phosphoric esters and their salts, including lactophosphates;
their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:
Tris(2,3-dibromopropyl phosphate).....................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2919.90

Other:

Aromatic:

Plasticizers:

2919.90.15

00

Triphenyl phosphate..........................................

kg..............

2919.90.25

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

2919.90.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2919.90.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.7% 1/

10

50

Plasticizers................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

43%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-69

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2920

2920.11.00

00

2920.19

2920.19.10

00

Esters of other inorganic acids of nonmetals (excluding esters
of hydrogen halides) and their salts; their halogenated,
sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:

Thiophosphoric esters (phosphorodithioates) and their
salts, their halogenated, sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated
derivatives:

Parathion (ISO) and parathion-methyl (ISO)
(methyl-parathion)...........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Aromatic:

O,O-Dimethyl-O-(4-nitro-m-tolyl)phosphoro-
thioate (Fenitrothion).........................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2920.19.40

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2920.19.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

Phosphite esters and their salts; their halogenated,
sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives:

2920.21.00

00

Dimethyl phosphite..........................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2920.22.00

00

Diethyl phosphite.............................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2920.23.00

00

Trimethyl phosphite.........................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2920.24.00

00

Triethyl phosphite............................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2920.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2920.30.00

00

Endosulfan (ISO)....................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +

41%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-70

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2920 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Esters of other inorganic acids of nonmetals (excluding esters
of hydrogen halides) and their salts; their halogenated,
sulfonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives: (con.)

2920.90

Other:

Aromatic:

2920.90.10

00

Pesticides..................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2920.90.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2920.90.51

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 3/

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +

53%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-71

2

IX. NITROGEN-FUNCTION COMPOUNDS:

2921

Amine-function compounds

2921.11.00

00

Methylamine, di- or trimethylamine and their salts......

kg..............

3.7% 1/

Acyclic monoamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:

2921.12.01

00

2-(N,N-Dimethylamino)ethyl chloride hydrochloride....

kg..............

2921.13.00

00

2-(N,N-Diethylamino)ethyl chloride hydrochloride......

kg..............

Free3/

Free1/

2921.14.00

00

2-(N,N,-Diisopropylamino)ethyl chloride
hydrochloride...................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2921.19
2921.19.11

00

Other:

Mono-, di- and triethylamines;mono-, di-, and
tri-(propyl- and butyl-)monoamines; salts of any of
the foregoing.............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2921.19.31

00

3-Amino-3-methyl-1-butyne;
(Dimethylamino)isopropyl chloride
hydrochloride.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2921.19.61

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.5% 1/

10

20

30

40

95

N,N-Dialkyl (methyl, ethyl or
n-propyl)-2-chloroethylamines and their
protonated salts.................................................

Bis(2-chloroethyl)ethylamine) ..........................

Chlormethine (INN)
(bis(2-chloroethyl)methylamine) .....................

Trichlormethine (INN)
(tris(2-chloroethyl)amine) .................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30.5%

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30.5%

30.5%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-72

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2921 (con.)

Amine-function compounds (con.)

Acyclic polyamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:

2921.21.00

00

Ethylenediamine and its salts........................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

2921.22
2921.22.05

00

Hexamethylenediamine and its salts:

Hexamethylenediamine adipate (Nylon salt).........

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.22.10

00

Derived in whole or in part from adipic acid.....

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2921.22.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

6.5% 1/

10

20

30

55

Tetraethylene pentamine.........................................

Triethylenetetramine................................................

Diethylenetriamine....................................................

Other..........................................................................
Cyclanic, cyclenic or cycloterpenic mono- or polyamines,
and their derivatives; salts thereof:

Derived in whole or in part from any aromatic
compound:

kg

kg

kg

kg

2921.30

2921.30.05

00

1,3-Bis(aminoethyl)cyclohexane.............................

kg..............

Free1/

2921.30.10

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2921.30.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2921.30.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

39%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

46%

15.4¢/kg +
66.5%

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-73

2

2921 (con.)

Amine-function compounds (con.)

2921.41
2921.41.10

00

Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:

Aniline and its salts:

Aniline........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.41.20

00

Aniline salts...............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.42
2921.42.10

00

Aniline derivatives and their salts:

N,N-Dimethylaniline.................................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

2921.42.15

00

N-Ethylaniline; andN,N-Diethylaniline....................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.42.16

00

2,4,5-Trichloroaniline...............................................

kg..............

Free1/

2921.42.18

00

o-Aminobenzenesulfonic acid (Orthanilic acid);
6-Chlorometanilic acid; 2-Chloro-5-nitroaniline;
4-Chloro-3-nitroaniline; 2,3-Dichloroaniline;
2,4-Dichloroaniline; 2,5-Dichloroaniline;
3,5-Dichloroaniline;N,N-Diethylmetanilic
acid;N,N-Diethylmetanilic acid, sodium salt;
2,4-Difluoroaniline;p-Fluoroaniline;N-Methylaniline;
andm-Nitroaniline.....................................................

kg..............

5.8% 3/

2921.42.21

00

Metanilic acid............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.42.22

00

Sulfanilic acid............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.42.23

00

3,4-Dichloroaniline....................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
43.5%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-74

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2921 (con.)

Amine-function compounds (con.)

2921.42
(con.)
2921.42.36

00

Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:
(con.)

Aniline derivatives and their salts: (con.)

m-Chloroaniline; 2-Chloro-4-nitroaniline;
2,5-Dichloroaniline-4-sulfonic acid and its
monosodium salt;
2,4-Dinitroaniline;o-Nitroaniline-p-sulfonic acid,
sodium salt; and 2,3,4-Trifluoroaniline...................

kg..............

Free1/

2921.42.55

00

Fast color bases.................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2921.42.65

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5% 3/

Other:

2921.42.90

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

53%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

2921 (con.)

Amine-function compounds (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

2921.43
2921.43.04

00

2921.43.08

00

Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:
(con.)

Toluidines and their derivatives; salts thereof:

3-Chloro-o-toluidine; and 6-Chloro-o-toluidine......

kg..............

Free1/

4-Chloro-o-toluidine and hydrochloride;
5-Chloro-o-toluidine;
6-Chloro-2-toluidine-4-sulfonic acid;
4-Chloro-α,α,α-trifluoro-o- toluidine;
2,6-Dichloro-m-toluidine;N,N-
Dimethyl-p-toluidine;N-Ethyl-N-benzyl-m-toluidine;
andN-Ethyl-o-toluidine.............................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

2921.43.15

00

α,α,α-Trifluoro-2,6-dinitro-N,N-dipropyl-p- toluidine
(Trifluralin).................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2921.43.19

00

α,α,α-Trifluoro-o-toluidine;
andα,α,α-Trifluoro-6-chloro-m-toluidine................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.43.22

00

N-Ethyl-N-(2-methyl-2-propenyl)-2,6-
dinitro-4-(trifluoromethyl)benzenamine..................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2921.43.24

00

2-Amino-5-chloro-4-ethyl benzenesulfonic acid;
2-Amino-5-chloro-p-toluenesulfonic
acid;p-Nitro-o-toluidine; and 3-(Trifluoromethyl)
aniline (m-Aminobenzotrifluoride)...........................

kg..............

Free1/

2921.43.40

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2921.43.90

Other...................................................................

..................

6.5% 1/

20

40

90

2-Chloro-p-toluidine-5-sulfonic acid (CAS
No. 88-51-7)................................................

p-Toluidine-m-sulfonic acid (CAS No.
88-44-8).......................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

VI
29-75

2

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-76

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2921 (con.)

Amine-function compounds (con.)

2921.44
2921.44.05

00

Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:
(con.)

Diphenylamine and its derivatives; salts thereof:
4,4'-Bis (α,α-dimethylbenzyl) diphenylamine;
andN-Nitrosodiphenylamine....................................

kg..............

Free1/

2921.44.10

00

Nitrodiphenylamine..................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.44.20

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2921.44.70

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

2921 (con.)

Amine-function compounds (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-77

2

2921.45

2921.45.10

00

2921.45.20

00

Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:
(con.)

1-Naphthylamine (α-Naphthylamine), 2-Naphthylamine
(β-Naphthylamine), and their derivatives; salts thereof:
7-Amino-1,3-naphthalenedisulfonic acid and its
salts; 5-Amino-2-naphthalenesulfonic acid and its
salts; 8-Amino-1-naphthalenesulfonic acid and its
salts; andN-Phenyl-2-naphthylamine.....................

3-Amino-2,7-naphthalenedisulfonic acid;
4-Amino-1-naphthalenesulfonic acid, sodium salt;
5-Amino-1-naphthalenesulfonic acid (Laurent's
acid); 8-Amino-2-naphthalenesulfonic acid and its
salts; 7-Amino-1,3,6-naphthalenetrisulfonic acid;
8-Anilino-1-naphthalenesulfonic acid (Phenyl Peri
acid) and its salts; andN-Ethyl-1-naphthylamine...

kg..............

6.5%1/

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

kg..............

5.8%1/

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

2921.45.25

00

Mixtures of 5- and 8-amino-2-naphthalene- sulfonic
acid; 2-Naphthylamine-6-sulfonic acid;
ando-Naphthionic acid (1-amino- 2-naphthalene-
sulfonic acid).............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2921.45.60

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

Other:

2921.45.90

Other...................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

10

90
00

2921.46.00

2-Amino-1-naphthalenesulfonic acid
(Tobias acid)................................................

Other.............................................................

Amfetamine (INN), benzfetamine (INN),
dexamfetamine (INN), etilamfetamine (INN),
fencamfamin (INN), lefetamine (INN), levamfetamine
(INN), mefenorex (INN) and phentermine (INN); salts
thereof...............................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

Free

15.4¢/kg +
149.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-78

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2921 (con.)

Amine-function compounds (con.)

2921.49
2921.49.10

00

Aromatic monoamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:
(con.)

Other:

4-Amino-2-stilbenesulfonic acid and its
salts;p-Ethylaniline; 2,4,6-Trimethylaniline
(Mesidine); 2,3-Xylidine; 2,4-Xylidine; 2,5-Xylidine;
and 3,4-Xylidine........................................................

kg..............

5.8% 1/

2921.49.15

00

m-Nitro-p-toluidine....................................................

kg..............

Free3/

2921.49.32

00

Fast color bases.................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2921.49.38

00

Antidepressants, tranquilizers and other
psychotherapeutic agents..........................

kg..............

6.5%

Drugs:

2921.49.43

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2921.49.45

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2921.49.50

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +

53%

15.4¢/kg +

53%

15.4¢/kg +
149.5%

15.4¢/kg +
71.5%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-79

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

2921 (con.)

Amine-function compounds (con.)

2921.51

2921.51.10

00

Aromatic polyamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:

o-, m-, p-Phenylenediamine, diaminotoluenes, and
their derivatives; salts thereof:

4-Amino-2-(N,N-diethylamino) toluene
hydrochloride;m-Phenylenediamine;o-Phenylenediamine;
Toluene-2,4-diamine; Toluene-2,5-diamine; and
Toluene-2,5-diamine sulfate...................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.51.20

00

Photographic chemicals....................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

Other:

2921.51.30

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2921.51.50

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-80

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2921 (con.)

Amine-function compounds (con.)

Aromatic polyamines and their derivatives; salts thereof:
(con.)

Other:

1,8-Diaminonaphthalene
(1,8-Naphthalenediamine).......................................

kg..............

Free1/

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

5-Amino-2-(p-aminoanilino) benzenesulfonic acid;
4,4'-Diamino-3-biphenylsulfonic acid
(3-Benzidinesulfonic acid); 3,3'-Dimethylbenzidine
(o-Tolidine); 3,3'-Dimethylbenzidine hydrochloride;
Ethyl-(2-dimethylaminoethyl)
aniline;N-Ethyl-N,N'-dimethyl-N'-phenylethylene-
diamine; and 4,4'-Methylenebis(2-chloroaniline)...

kg..............

5.8%1/

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

2921.59
2921.59.04

00

2921.59.08

00

2921.59.17

00

4,4'-Benzidine-2,2'-disulfonic acid;
1,4-Diaminobenzene-2-sulfonic acid;
4,4'-Methylene bis ((3-chloro-2,6-diethylaniline);
4,4'-Methylene bis(2,6-diethylaniline);
4,4'-Methylene bis
(2,6-diisopropylaniline);m-Xylene diamine; and
3,3'-Diaminobenzidine (tetraaminobiphenyl).........

kg..............

Free1/

2921.59.20

00

4,4'-Diamino-2,2'-stilbenedisulfonic acid...............

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.59.30

00

4,4'-Methylenedianiline............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2921.59.40

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2921.59.80

Other...................................................................

..................

6.5% 1/

10

90

3,3'-Dichlorobenzidine dihydrochloride.....

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

80%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

2922

Oxygen-function amino-compounds:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-81

2

Amino-alcohols, other than those containing more than
one kind of oxygen function, their ethers and esters; salts
thereof:

2922.11.00

00

Monoethanolamine and its salts....................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.12.00

01

Diethanolamine and its salts..........................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.14.00

00

Dextropropoxyphene (INN) and its salts......................

kg..............

Free

2922.15.00

00

Triethanolamine...............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.16.00

00

Diethylammonium perfluorooctane sulfonate...............

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2922.17.00

00

Methyldiethanolamine and ethyldiethanolamine..........

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2922.18.00

00

2-(N,N-Diisopropylamino)ethanol..................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

50.5%

50.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
119.5%

50.5%

30.5%

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-82

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2922 (con.)

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

2922.19

Amino-alcohols, other than those containing more than
one kind of oxygen function, their ethers and esters; salts
thereof: (con.)
Other:

Aromatic:

2922.19.09

00

Drugs...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2922.19.20

00

2922.19.33

00

Other:

4,4'-Bis(dimethylamino) benzhydrol
(Michler's hydrol); 5'-[3'-(Dimethylamino)
propyl]-10',11'- dihydro-5H'-dibenzo [a,b]
cyclohept- en-5'-ol (Dibenzcarbinol); and
1-(p-Nitrophenyl)-2-amino-1,3-
propanediol..................................................

kg..............

5.8%

N1-(2-Hydroxyethyl)-2-nitro-1,4-
phenylenediamine;N1,N4,N4-
Tris(2-hydroxyethyl)-2- nitro-1,4-
phenylenediamine;N1,N4-Dimethyl-N1-
(2-hydroxyethyl)-3-nitro-1,4- phenylene-
diamine;N1,N4-Dimethyl-N1-(2,3-dihydroxy-
propyl)-3-nitro-1,4- phenylenediamine;
andN1-(2-Hydroxyethyl)-3-nitro-1,4-
phenylenediamine.......................................

kg..............

Free

2922.19.60

00

Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

6.5%

2922.19.70

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

39%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

2922 (con.)

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-83

2

Amino-alcohols, other than those containing more than
one kind of oxygen function, their ethers and esters; salts
thereof: (con.)

2922.19
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

2922.19.90

00

Salts of triethanolamine.....................................

kg..............

6.5%

2922.19.96

Other...................................................................

..................

6.5%

10

19
90

2922.21

2922.21.10

00

N,N-(Dialkyl (methyl, ethyl, n-propyl or
isopropyl)-2-aminoethanols and their
protonated salts:

N,N-Dimethyl-2-aminoethanol,
N,N-diethyl-2-aminoethanol and their
protonated salts....................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg

kg
kg

Amino-naphthols and other amino-phenols, other than
those containing more than one kind of oxygen function,
their ethers and esters; salts thereof:

Aminohydroxynaphthalenesulfonic acids and their
salts:

1-Amino-8-hydroxy-3,6-naphthalenedisulfonic acid;
4-Amino-5-hydroxy-1,3-naphthalenedisulfonic acid
(Chicago acid);
4-Amino-5-hydroxy-1,3-naphthalenedisulfonic acid,
potassium salt;
4-Amino-5-hydroxy-1,3-naphthalenedisulfonic acid,
sodium salt;
4-Amino-5-hydroxy-2,7-naphthalenedisulfonic acid,
monosodium salt (H acid, monosodium salt);
4-Amino-5-hydroxy-2,7-naphthalenedisulfonic acid,
potassium salt (H acid, monopotassium salt);
4-Amino-3-hydroxy-1-naphthalenesulfonic acid;
6-Amino-1-naphthol-3-sulfonic acid and its salts;
and 8-Amino-1-naphthol-5-sulfonic acid and its
salts............................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

2922.21.25

00

1-Amino-8-hydroxy-4,6-naphthalenedisulfonic acid,
monosodium salt.......................................................

kg..............

Free1/

50.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

39%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-84

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2922 (con.)

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

2922.21
(con.)

2922.21.40

00

Amino-naphthols and other amino-phenols, other than
those containing more than one kind of oxygen function,
their ethers and esters; salts thereof: (con.)

Aminohydroxynaphthalenesulfonic acids and their
salts: (con.)

Other:

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

2922.21.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.29
2922.29.03

00

Other:

o-Anisidine;p-Anisidine; andp-Phenetidine...........

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.29.06

00

Fast color bases.................................................

kg..............

Free

m-Nitro-p-anisidine; and m-Nitro-o-anisidine:

2922.29.08

00

2922.29.10

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2-Amino-6-chloro-4-nitrophenol;
2-Amino-4-chlorophenol; 2-Amino-4-chlorophenol
hydrochloride; 2-Amino-p-cresol; 4-Amino-o-cresol;
6-Amino-2,4-dichloro-3-methylphenol;
2-(3-Amino-4-hydroxyphenylsulfonyl)ethanol;
2-Amino-4-nitrophenol; 2-Amino-4-nitrophenol,
sodium salt;
2-Amino-5-nitrophenol;m-Aminophenol;
2-(4'-Aminophenoxy)ethylsulfate;
5-Chloro-2-(2',4'-dichlorophenoxy)aniline;
3,4-Dimethoxyphenethylamine
(Homoveratrylamine); 2-Hydroxy-5-nitrometanilic
acid; 4-Methoxymetanilic acid; 6-Methoxymetanilic
acid; 4-Methoxy-m-phenylenediamine;
5-Methoxy-m-phenylenediamine sulfate;
6-(Methylamino)-1-naphthol-3-sulfonic acid;
7-(Methylamino)-1-naphthol-3-sulfonic acid; and
2-Methyl-p-anisidine.................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

2922.29.13

00

o-Aminophenol; and
2,2-Bis[4-(4-aminophenoxy)phenyl]propane.........

kg..............

Free1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

65%

15.4¢/kg +
54.5%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

39%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

2922 (con.)

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-85

2

2922.29
(con.)
2922.29.15

00

Amino-naphthols and other amino-phenols, other than
those containing more than one kind of oxygen function,
their ethers and esters; salts thereof: (con.)

Other: (con.)

m-Diethylaminophenol;m-Dimethylaminophenol;
3-Ethylamino-p-cresol; and
5-Methoxy-m-phenylenediamine............................

kg..............

6.5%

2922.29.20

00

4-Chloro-2,5-dimethoxyaniline; and
2,4-Dimethoxyaniline................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2922.29.26

00

Fast color bases.................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2922.29.27

00

Drugs...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.29.29

00

Photographic chemicals....................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.29.61

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2922.29.81

Other.............................................................

..................

6.5% 1/

10

90

p-Nitro-o-anisidine...............................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg +

51%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +
41.5%

15.4¢/kg +
54.5%

15.4¢/kg +
71.5%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-86

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2922 (con.)

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

2922.31.00

00

2922.39

2922.39.05

00

2922.39.10

00

Amino-aldehydes, amino-ketones and amino-quinones,
other than those containing more than one kind of oxygen
function; salts thereof:

Amfepramone (INN), methadone (INN) and
normethadone (INN); salts thereof................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

Aromatic:

1-Amino-2,4-dibromoanthraquinone; and
2-Amino-5-chlorobenzophenone.....................

kg..............

Free1/

2'-Amino aceto phenone; 3'-Amino aceto
phenone; 1-Amino-4-bromo-2-methyl anthra
quinone; 1,4-Bis [1-anthra quinonyl amino]
anthra- quinone; 1,4-Di mesi dino anthra
quinone; 4-Dimethyl amino benzaldehyde; and
Imino di anthra quinone.....................................

kg..............

5.8%

2922.39.14

00

2-Aminoanthraquinone......................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.39.17

00

1-Aminoanthraquinone......................................

kg..............

Free1/

2922.39.25

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2922.39.45

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2922.39.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

39%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

30.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-87

2

2922 (con.)

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

Amino-acids, other than those containing more than one
kind of oxygen function, and their esters; salts thereof:

2922.41.00

Lysine and its esters; salts thereof................................

..................

3.7%

10

90

00

2922.42
2922.42.10

Meeting requirements of Food Chemical Codex,
Codex Alimentarius or United States
Pharmacopeia...........................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Glutamic acid and its salts:

Monosodium glutamate...........................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.42.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2922.43
2922.43.10

00

Anthranilic acid and its salts:

Products described in additional U.S. note 3 to
section VI...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.43.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2922.44.00

00

Tilidine (INN) and its salts..............................................

kg..............

Free

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-88

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2922 (con.)

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

Amino-acids, other than those containing more than one
kind of oxygen function, and their esters; salts thereof:
(con.)

2922.49

2922.49.05

00

2922.49.10

00

Other:

Aromatic:

(R)-α-Aminobenzeneacetic acid;
2-Amino-3-chlorobenzoic acid, methyl ester...

kg..............

Free1/

m-Aminobenzoic acid,
technical;p-Aminobenzoic acid;
3,5-Diaminobenzoic acid;
2-Ethylamino-5-sulfobenzoic acid;
3-(N-Ethylanilino)propionic acid, methyl
ester;β-(β-Methoxyethoxyethyl)-4-aminobenzoate;
Methyl anthranilate; andl-Phenylalanine.........

kg..............

5.8%1/

2922.49.26

00

Drugs............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2922.49.30

00

Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2922.49.37

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

39%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

2922 (con.)

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-89

2

Amino-acids, other than those containing more than one
kind of oxygen function, and their esters; salts thereof:
(con.)

2922.49
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Amino acids:

2922.49.43

00

Glycine (Aminoacetic acid)........................

kg..............

4.2% 1/

2922.49.49

Other amino acids.......................................

..................

4.2% 1/

10

15

50

2922.49.60

00

Alanine...................................................

l-Aspartic acid.......................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

3-Aminocrotonic acid, methyl ester; and
(R)-α-Amino-1,4-cyclohexadiene-1- acetic
acid...............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2922.49.80

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

25%

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-90

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2922 (con.)
2922.50

2922.50.07

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

Amino-alcohol-phenols, amino-acid-phenols and other
amino-compounds with oxygen function:

Aromatic:

3,4-Diaminophenetole dihydrogen sulfate;
2-Nitro-5-[(2,3-dihydroxy) propoxy]-N- methyl
aniline; 2-Nitro-5-(2-hydroxy ethoxy)-N-methyl
aniline; 4-(2-Hydroethoxy)-1,3-phenylene diamine
dihydro chloride; 3-Methoxy-4-[(2-hydroxy ethyl)
amino] nitro- benzene; 4-[(2-Hydroxy ethyl)
amino]-3-nitro phenol; and (R)-α-Amino-4-hydroxy
benzene acetic acid (d(-)-p-Hydroxy phenyl
glycine).......................................................................

kg..............

Free

15.4¢/kg +

50%

2922.50.10

00

dl-3-(3,4-Di hydroxy phenyl)
alanine;N-Ethyl-N-(2-methoxy carbonyl ethyl)
aniline;dl-Phenyl ephrine base; and Carbonic acid,
methyl ester, diester with 2,2'-(m-tolyl amino)
diethanol (Toluidine carbonate)..............................

kg..............

5.8%

2922.50.11

00

Salts of d(-)-p-Hydroxyphenylglycine ((R)-
α-Amino-4-hydroxybenzeneacetic acid)................

kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg +

39%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-91

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2922 (con.)
2922.50
(con.)

2922.50.13

00

Oxygen-function amino-compounds: (con.)

Amino-alcohol-phenols, amino-acid-phenols and other
amino-compounds with oxygen function: (con.)

Aromatic: (con.)
Other:

Drugs

Isoetharine hydrochloride; Isoxsuprine
hydrochloride; Nylidrin hydrochloride;
Phenylephrine hydrochloride; Salbutamol
(Albuterol); and Terbutaline sulfate...........

kg..............

Free

2922.50.14

00

Cardiovascular drugs...........................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2922.50.17

00

Dermatological agents and local
anesthetics............................................

kg..............

6.5%

2922.50.19

00

Guaiacol derivatives............................

kg..............

6.5%

2922.50.25

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2922.50.35

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2922.50.40

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2922.50.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg +

47%

15.4¢/kg +

65%

15.4¢/kg +
51.5%

15.4¢/kg +

79%

15.4¢/kg +

82%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

30.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-92

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2923

2923.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Quaternary ammonium salts and hydroxides; lecithins and
other phosphoaminolipids, whether or not chemically defined:
Choline and its salts...............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2923.20
2923.20.10

00

Lecithins and other phosphoaminolipids:

Purified egg phospholipids, pharmaceutical grade
meeting requirements of the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, for use in intravenous fat emulsion......

kg..............

Free1/

2923.20.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

5%1/

10

50
00

2923.30.00

Certified organic lecithins........................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Tetraethylammonium perfluorooctane sulfonate................

kg
kg..............

6.2% 1/

2923.40.00

00

Didecylmethylammonium perfluorooctane sulfonate.........

kg..............

6.2% 1/

2923.90.01

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

6.2% 1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.5¢/kg +

30%

33.4%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

36%

15.4¢/kg +

36%

15.4¢/kg +

36%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2924

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-93

2

Carboxyamide-function compounds; amide-function
compounds of carbonic acid:

Acyclic amides (including acyclic carbamates) and their
derivatives; salts thereof:

2924.11.00

00

Meprobamate (INN)........................................................

kg..............

Free

2924.12.00

00

Fluoroacetamide (ISO), monocrotophos (ISO) and
phosphamidon (ISO).......................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2924.19
2924.19.11

10

20

30

50
00

2924.19.80

Other:

Amides.......................................................................

..................

3.7% 1/

Acrylamide..........................................................

Dimethylformamide............................................

Methacrylamide.................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5% 1/

Cyclic amides (including cyclic carbamates) and their
derivatives; salts thereof:

2924.21

Ureines and their derivatives; salts thereof:

Aromatic:

Pesticides:

2924.21.04

00

3-(p-Chlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea
(Monuron)....................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2924.21.08

00

1,1-Dimethyl-3-(α,α,α-trifluoro-m-
tolyl)urea (Fluometuron).............................

kg..............

Free1/

2924.21.12

00

1-(2-Methylcyclohexyl)-3-phenylurea.......

kg..............

Free1/

2924.21.16

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-94

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2924 (con.)

2924.21
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carboxyamide-function compounds; amide-function
compounds of carbonic acid: (con.)

Cyclic amides (including cyclic carbamates) and their
derivatives; salts thereof: (con.)

Ureines and their derivatives; salts thereof: (con.)

Aromatic: (con.)
Other:

2924.21.18

00

sym-Diethyldiphenylurea............................

kg..............

6.5%

2924.21.20

00

Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2924.21.45

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2924.21.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2924.23

2-Acetamidobenzoic acid (N-acetylanthranilic acid)
and its salts:

2924.23.10

00

2-Acetamidobenzoic acid........................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2924.23.70

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2924.23.75

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2924.24.00

00

Ethinamate (INN).............................................................

kg..............

Free

2924.25.00

00

Alachlor (ISO)..................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

30.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

30.5%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-95

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2924 (con.)

2924.29

2924.29.01

00

Carboxyamide-function compounds; amide-function
compounds of carbonic acid: (con.)

Cyclic amides (including cyclic carbamates) and their
derivatives; salts thereof: (con.)

Other:

Aromatic:

p-Acetanisidide;p-Acetoacetotoluidide;
4'-Amino-N-methylacetanilide;
2,5-Dimethoxyacetanilide;
andN-(7-Hydroxy-1-naphthyl)acetamide........

kg..............

Free1/

2924.29.03

00

3,5-Dinitro-o-toluamide.....................................

kg..............

Free

2924.29.05

00

Biligrafin acid;
3,5-Diacetamido-2,4,6-triiodobenzoic acid;
and Metrizoic acid..............................................

kg..............

5.3%

2924.29.10

00

Acetanilide;N-Acetylsulfanilyl chloride;
Aspartame; and 2-Methoxy-5-acetamino-N,N-
bis(2-acetoxyethyl)aniline.................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2924.29.20

00

2924.29.23

00

2-Acetamido-3-chloro anthra quinone;o-Aceto
acetanisidide;o-Acetoacetotoluidide;
2',4'-Acetoacetoxylidide; and
1-Amino-5-benzamido anthra quinone............

kg..............

6.5%1/

4-Amino acetanilide; 2,2'-Oxamido bis
[ethyl-3-(3,5-di-tert-butyl- 4-hydroxyphenyl)
propionate]; Aceto acetsulfanilic acid,
potassium salt; and N-(2,3-Dihydroxy
propyl)-5-N-(2,3-dihydroxy- propyl)
acetamido-N'-(2-hydroxyethyl)-
2,4,6-triiodoisophthalamide..............................

kg..............

Free

2924.29.26

00

3-Aminomethoxybenzanilide............................

kg..............

Free

2924.29.28

00

N-[[(4-Chlorophenyl)amino]carbonyl]-2,6-
difluorobenzamide; and
3,5-Dichloro-N-(1,1-dimethyl-2-propynyl)-
benzamide (Pronamide)....................................

kg..............

Free1/

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

15.4¢/kg +
47.5%

15.4¢/kg +

34%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

53%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +
54.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

VI
29-96

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2924 (con.)

2924.29
(con.)

2924.29.31

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carboxyamide-function compounds; amide-function
compounds of carbonic acid: (con.)

Cyclic amides (including cyclic carbamates) and their
derivatives; salts thereof: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic: (con.)

4-Acetamido-2-amino phenol;p-Acetamino
benz aldehyde; Aceto acet benzyl amide;
Aceto acet-5-chloro-2-toluidide;p-Aceto aceto
phenetidide;N-Acetyl-2,6-xylidine
(N-Acetyl-2,6- dimethyl aniline);p-Amino
benzoic acid iso octyl amide;p-Amino benzoyl
amino naphthalene sulfonic acid;
2-Amino-4-chloro benzamide;
3-Amino-4-chloro benzamide; 4-Amino
hippuric acid;p-Amino phenyl urethane;
1-Benzamido-4-chloro anthra quinone;
1-Benzamido-5-chloro anthra quinone;
Benzanilide; 4'-Chloro aceto acetanilide;
3-(N,N-Dihydroxy ethyl amino) benzanilide;
2,5-Dihydroxy-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)- benzamide;
Gentisamide;N,N'-Hexa methylene
bis(3,5-di-tert-butyl- 4-hydroxy
hydrocinnamamide); 2-(m-Hydroxyanilino)
acetamide; Nitra acid amide
(1-Amino-9,10-dihydro-N- (3-methoxy
propyl)-4-nitro-9,10-dioxo-2- anthramide);
Phenacetin, technical; andβ-Resorcyl
amide...................................................................

kg..............

5.8% 1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

2924.29.33

00

Naphthol AS and derivatives:

3-Hydroxy-2-naphthanilide;
3-Hydroxy-2-naphtho-o-toluidide;
3-Hydroxy-2-naphtho-o-anisidine;
3-Hydroxy-2-naphtho-o-phenetidide;
3-Hydroxy-2-naphtho-4-chloro-2,5-
dimethoxyanilide;
3-Hydroxy-3'-nitro-2-naphthanilide;
andN,N'-Bis(acetoacetyl-o-toluidine).......

kg..............

Free1/

2924.29.36

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

15.4¢/kg +

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2924 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-97

2

Carboxyamide-function compounds; amide-function
compounds of carbonic acid: (con.)

Cyclic amides (including cyclic carbamates) and their
derivatives; salts thereof: (con.)

2924.29
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic: (con.)
Other:

Pesticides:

2924.29.43

00

3-Ethoxy carbonyl amino
phenyl-N-phenyl carbamate
(Desmedipham); and
Isopropyl-N-(3-chlorophenyl)
car-bamate (CIPC)...............................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2924.29.47

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2924.29.52

00

Fast color bases..........................................

kg..............

6.5%

2924.29.57

00

Drugs:

Diethylaminoacetoxylidide
(Lidocaine)............................................

kg..............

Free

2924.29.62

Other......................................................

..................

6.5%

10

20

50

Acetaminophen..............................

Acetophenetidin (Phenacetin)......

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +
54.5%

15.4¢/kg +
101.5%

15.4¢/kg +
47.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-98

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2924 (con.)

2924.29
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carboxyamide-function compounds; amide-function
compounds of carbonic acid: (con.)

Cyclic amides (including cyclic carbamates) and their
derivatives; salts thereof: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic: (con.)
Other: (con.)
Other:

2924.29.65

00

5-Bromoacetyl-2-salicylamide............

kg..............

6.5%1/

2924.29.71

00

Other:

Products described in additional
U.S. note 3 to section VI...............

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2924.29.77

Other...............................................

..................

6.5% 1/

10

20

30

90

Acetoacetanilide.....................

kg

Acetoacet-2,5-dimethoxy-4-
chloroanilide............................

p-Aminobenzamide................

Other........................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

2924.29.80

00

2924.29.95

00

2,2-Dimethylcyclopropylcarboxamide.............

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

15.4¢/kg +

58%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2925

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Carboxyimide-function compounds (including saccharin and
its salts) and imine-function compounds:

Imides and their derivatives; salts thereof:

VI
29-99

2

2925.11.00

00

Saccharin and its salts....................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2925.12.00

00

Glutethimide (INN)..........................................................

kg..............

Free

2925.19

Other:

Aromatic:

2925.19.10

00

Ethylenebistetrabromophthalimide..................

kg..............

6.5%

2925.19.30

00

Bis(o-tolyl)carbodiimide; and 2,2',6,6'-Tetra
isopropyl diphenyl carbodiimide.......................

kg..............

Free1/

2925.19.42

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2925.19.70

00

Other:

N-Chlorosuccinimide; andN,N'-Ethylene bis
(5,6-dibromo-2,3- norbornane
dicarboximide)....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2925.19.91

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

61%

15.4¢/kg +

61%

15.4¢/kg +

61%

15.4¢/kg +

61%

15.4¢/kg +

61%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-100

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2925 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carboxyimide-function compounds (including saccharin and
its salts) and imine-function compounds: (con.)

Imines and their derivatives; salts thereof:

2925.21.00

00

Chlordimeform (ISO).......................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2925.29

2925.29.10

00

2925.29.18

00

Other:

Aromatic:

N'-(4-Chloro-o-tolyl)-N,N-
diemthylformamidine; Bunamidine
hydrochloride; and Pentamidine......................

kg..............

6.5%1/

N,N'-Diphenylguanidine; 3-Dimethyl amino
methyleneiminophenol hydrochloride;
1,3-Di-o-tolylguanidine;
andN,N-Dimethyl-N'-[3-[[(methylamino)
carbonyl]- oxy] phenyl] methanimidamide
monohydro- chloride..........................................

kg..............

Free1/

2925.29.20

00

Drugs............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2925.29.60

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2925.29.70

00

2925.29.90

00

Tetramethylguanidine........................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

3.7%1/

15.4¢/kg +

61%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

41%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

61%

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

15.4¢/kg +

61%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-101

2

2926
2926.10.00

Nitrile-function compounds:

00

Acrylonitrile.............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2926.20.00

00

1-Cyanoguanidine (Dicyandiamide)....................................

kg..............

Free1/

2926.30

Fenproporex (INN) and its salts; Methadone (INN)
intermediate (4-cyano-2-dimethylamino-4,4-
diphenylbutane):

2926.30.10

00

Fenproporex (INN) and its salts....................................

kg..............

2926.30.20

00

4-Cyano-2-dimethylamino-4,4-diphenylbutane...........

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

2926.40.00

00

alpha-Phenylacetoacetonitrile..............................................

kg..............

6.5%

2926.90

Other:

Aromatic:

2926.90.01

00

2-Cyano-4-nitroaniline..............................................

kg..............

Free1/

2926.90.05

00

2-Amino-4-chlorobenzonitrile (5-Chloro-2-
cyanoaniline); 2-Amino-5-chlorobenzonitrile;
4-Amino-2-chlorobenzonitrile;
(Cyanoethyl)(hydroxyethyl)-m-toluidine;p-Cyanophenyl
acetate; Phthalonitrile; and
Tetrachloro-3-cyanobenzoic acid, methyl ester.....

kg..............

6.5%1/

2926.90.08

00

Benzonitrile................................................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

2926.90.11

00

2,6-Dichlorobenzonitrile....................................

kg..............

Free1/

Dichlorobenzonitriles:

2926.90.12

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 3/

2926.90.14

00

p-Chlorobenzonitrile; and Verapamil
hydrochloride.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2926.90.16

00

[1α(S*),3α(Z)]-(±)-Cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)-
methyl 3-(2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoro-1-propenyl)-
2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate...................

kg..............

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

56.5%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +
65.5%

15.4¢/kg +
65.5%

15.4¢/kg +
65.5%

15.4¢/kg +

41%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

41%

15.4¢/kg +

41%

15.4¢/kg +

41%

15.4¢/kg +

41%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
65.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-102

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2926 (con.)
2926.90
(con.)

Article Description

Nitrile-function compounds: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2926.90.17

00

o-Chlorobenzonitrile.................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2926.90.19

00

N,N-Bis(2-cyanoethyl) aniline; and
2,6-Difluorobenzonitrile............................................

kg..............

Free

2926.90.21

00

Fungicides...................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

Pesticides:

2926.90.23

00

Herbicides:

3,5-Dibromo-4-hydroxybenzonitrile
(Bromoxynil)..........................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

2926.90.25

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2926.90.30

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2926.90.43

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2926.90.48

01

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2926.90.50

10

50

Other.................................................................................
Malononitrile..............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
65.5%

15.4¢/kg +
65.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +
65.5%

15.4¢/kg +
65.5%

25%2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

2927.00
2927.00.03

Diazo-, azo- or azoxy-compounds:

00

4-Aminoazobenzenedisulfonic acid, monosodium salt......

kg..............

Free1/

2927.00.06

00

p-Aminoazobenzenedisulfonic acid; and
Diazoaminobenzene (1,3-Diphenyltriazene).......................

kg..............

5.8%1/

2927.00.15

00

1,1'-Azobisformamide............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2927.00.18

00

1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-oxo,
ester with phenyl(2,3,4-trihydroxyphenyl)methanone;
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 3-diazo-3,4-dihydro-4-
oxo-ar'-(1-methylethyl) [1,1'-biphenyl]-4-yl ester;
1-Napthanlenesulfonic acid, 6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5-
oxo-,(octahydro-4,7-methano-1H-indene-2,5-diyl) bis-
(methylene) ester; and 1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid,
6-diazo-5,6-dihydro-5- oxo-, 4-benzoyl-1,2,3-benzenetriyl
ester.........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2927.00.25

00

Photographic chemicals.................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2927.00.30

00

Fast color bases and fast color salts.............................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2927.00.40

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3 to
section VI...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2927.00.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

VI
29-103

2

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +
54.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
63.5%

15.4¢/kg +
63.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-104

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2928.00
2928.00.10

Organic derivatives of hydrazine or of hydroxylamine:

00

Methyl ethyl ketoxime............................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2928.00.15

00

Phenylhydrazine.....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2928.00.25

00

Aromatic...........................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2928.00.30

00

Drugs..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

Other:

2928.00.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2929
2929.10
2929.10.10

Compounds with other nitrogen function:

Isocyanates:

00

Toluenediisocyanates (unmixed)...................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2929.10.15

00

Mixtures of 2,4- and 2,6-toluenediisocyanates............

kg..............

6.5%1/

2929.10.20

00

Bitolylene diisocyanate (TODI);o-Isocyanic acid, o-tolyl
ester; and Xylene diisocyanate......................................

kg..............

5.8% 1/

2929.10.27

00

N-Butylisocyanate; Cyclohexyl isocyanate;
1-Isocyanato-3-(trifluoromethyl) benzene;
1,5-Naphthalene diisocyanate; and Octadecyl
isocyanate........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2929.10.30

00

3,4-Dichlorophenylisocyanate.......................................

kg..............

6.5%

2929.10.35

00

1,6-Hexamethylene diisocyanate..................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
43.5%

15.4¢/kg +
43.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +
43.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Compounds with other nitrogen function: (con.)

Isocyanates: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-105

2

Other:

Products described in additional U.S. note 3 to
section VI...................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2929 (con.)
2929.10
(con.)

2929.10.55

00

2929.10.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.5%

10

90

Methylenedi-p-phenylene isocyanate (MDI)....

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Compounds with other nitrogen function: (con.)

Other:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-106

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2929 (con.)
2929.90
2929.90.05

00

2,2'-Bis(4-cyanatophenyl)-1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoro-
propane; 2,2-Bis((4-cyanatophenyl) propane;
1,1-Ethylidenebis (phenyl-4-cyanate); 4,4'-Methylene
bis(2,6-dimethylphenylcyanate); and 1,3-Phenylenebis
(1-methylethylidenebis) cyanic acid, 1,4-phenylene
ester..................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

30.5%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Aromatic:

2929.90.15

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2929.90.20

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2929.90.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

15

18
20

30

40

95

N,N-Dialkyl (methyl, ethyl,n-propyl or
isopropyl) phosphoramidic dihalides:
N,N-Dimethylphosphoramidic
dichloride......................................................

Other.............................................................

Dialkyl (methyl, ethyl, n-propyl or
isopropyl)-N,N-dialkyl (methyl, ethyl, n-propyl
or isopropyl) phosphoramidates......................

N-(Dialkyl (≤C10, incl. cycloalkyl)
amino))alkylidene (H or ≤C10, incl. cycloalkyl)
phosphonamidic fluorides and corresponding
alkylated or protonated salts............................

O-Alkyl (H or ≤C10, incl. cycloalkyl) N-(dialkyl
(≤C10, incl. cycloalkyl) amino))alkylidene (H or
≤C10, incl. cycloalkyl)
phosphoramidofluoridates and corresponding
alkylated or protonated salts ...........................

Other4/.................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-107

2

X. ORGANO-INORGANIC COMPOUNDS, HETEROCYCLIC
COMPOUNDS, NUCLEIC ACIDS AND THEIR SALTS, AND
SULFONAMIDES

2930
2930.10.01

Organo-sulfur compounds:

00

2-(N,N-Dimethylamino) ethanethiol.....................................

kg..............

3.7%

2930.20

Thiocarbamates and dithiocarbamates:

Aromatic:

2930.20.10

00

Pesticides..................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2930.20.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.5%

10

50

Products used principally for rubber
processing..........................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

2930.20.70

00

S-(2,3,3'-trichloroallyl)diisopropylthiocarbamate...

kg..............

Free

2930.20.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

20

50

00

2930.30
2930.30.30

Pesticides...........................................................

kg

Products used principally for rubber
processing..........................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Thiuram mono-, di- or tetrasulfides:

Tetramethylthiuram monosulfide...................................

kg..............

Free

2930.30.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

2930.40.00

00

Methionine..............................................................................

kg..............

2930.60.00

00

2-(N,N-Diethylamino)ethanethiol..........................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.7% 1/

2930.70.00

00

Bis(2-hydroxyethyl)sulfide (thiodiglycol (INN))...................

kg..............

3.7% 3/

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-108

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2930 (con.)
2930.80.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Organo-sulfur compounds: (con.)

Aldicarb (ISO), captafol (ISO) and methamidophos
(ISO)........................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2930.90

Other:

Aromatic:

2930.90.10

00

Pesticides..................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2930.90.24

00

N-Cyclohexylthiophthalimide............................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2930.90.26

00

3-(4'-Aminobenzamido)phenyl-ß-hydroxy-
ethylsulfone; 2-[(4-Aminophenyl)sulfonyl]
ethanol, hydrogen sulfate ester;
Diphenylthiourea;N,N'-(Dithiodi-2,1-phenylene)
bisbenzamide; Pentachlorothiophenol; and
4,4'-Thiodiphenyl cyanate.................................

kg..............

Free1/

2930.90.29

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-109

2

Article Description

Organo-sulfur compounds: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Pesticides:

Thiocyanates, thiurams and
isothiocyanates..................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2930 (con.)
2930.90
(con.)

2930.90.30

00

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

2930.90.42

00

O,O-Dimethyl-S-methyl carbamoyl- methyl
phosphorodithioate; and Malathion...........

kg..............

Free1/

2930.90.43

Other.............................................................

..................

6.5% 1/

10

15

20

30

90

O-Ethyl-S-phenylethylphosphono-
thiolothionate (fonofos)........................

Phorate (ISO).......................................

Compounds containing a phosphorus
atom to which is bonded one methyl,
ethyl, n-propyl or isopropyl group, but
no other carbon atoms.........................

Terbufos (ISO)......................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

VI
29-110

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2930 (con.)
2930.90
(con.)

2930.90.46

00

2930.90.49

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Organo-sulfur compounds: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Acids:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

dl-Hydroxy analogue of dl-methionine......

kg..............

Other.............................................................

..................

Free1/

4.2%1/

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

50

Thioglycolic acid...................................

Mercaptocarboxylic acids...................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

2930.90.71

00

2930.90.92

Dibutylthiourea............................................

kg..............

Free3/

Other.............................................................

..................

3.7%

08

10

12

22

25

31

35

51

O,O-Diethyl S-[2-(diethylamino)- ethyl]
phosphorothioate and its alkylated or
protonated salts; and Thiodiglycol
(INN) (bis(2-hydroxy- ethyl) sulfide)....

Cysteine hydrochloride........................

2-Ethylhexyl mercaptoacetate............

N,N-Dialkyl (methyl, ethyl, n-propyl or
isopropyl) aminoethane-2-thiols and
their protonated salts, except for
2-(N,N- dimethylamino)ethanethiol and
2-(N,N- diethylamino)ethanethiol.......

Other compounds containing a
phosphorus atom to which is bonded
one methyl, ethyl, n-propyl or isopropyl
group, but no other carbon atoms......

Other:

Products used principally for
rubber processing.........................

Drugs..............................................

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-111

2

2931
2931.10.00

Other organo-inorganic compounds:

00

Tetramethyl lead and tetraethyl lead...................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2931.20.00

00

Tributyltin compounds...........................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2931.41.00

00

Dimethyl methylphosphonate.........................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Non-halogenated organo-phosphorous derivatives:

2931.42.00

00

Dimethyl propylphosphonate.........................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2931.43.00

00

Diethyl ethylphosphonate...............................................

kg..............

3.7%3/

2931.44.00

00

Methylphosphonic acid...................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2931.45.00

00

Salt of methylphosphonic acid and
(aminoiminomethyl)urea (1:1)........................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2931.46.00

00

2,4,6-Tripropyl-1,3,5,2,4,6-trioxatriphosphinane
2,4,6-trioxide....................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2931.47.00

00

(5-Ethyl-2-methyl-2-oxido-1,3,2-dioxaphosphinan-5-yl)
methyl methyl methylphosphonate................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2931.48.00

00

3,9-Dimethyl-2,4,8,10-tetraoxa-3,9-diphosphaspiro
[5.5] undecane 3,9-dioxide.............................................

kg..............

3.7%

25%2/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-112

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2931 (con.)

Other organo-inorganic compounds: (con.)

2931.49.00

Non-halogenated organo-phosphorous derivatives: (con.)
Other.................................................................................

..................

3.7%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

05

08

10

15

20

25

55

80

O-Alkyl (≤C10, including cycloalkyl) N,N-dialkyl
(methyl, ethyl, n-propyl or isopropyl)
phosphoramidocyanidates......................................

kg

[O-2-(Dialkyl (methyl, ethyl, n-propyl or isopropyl)
amino)ethyl] hydrogen alkyl (methyl, ethyl, n-propyl
or isopropyl) phosphonites and their O-alkyl (≤C10,
including cycloalkyl) esters; alkylated or protonated
salts thereof...............................................................

2-Amino-4-[hydroxy(methyl)phosphonoyl] butanoic
acid (glufosinate) and its salts and esters.............

Butyl methylphosphinate..........................................

N-(Phosphonomethyl) glycine (glyphosate) and its
salts and esters.........................................................

Bis(1-methylpentyl) methylphosphonate...............

Other:

Containing a phosphorus atom to which one
methyl, ethyl, n-propyl or isopropyl group is
bonded but no further carbon atoms...............

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-113

2

2931 (con.)

Other organo-inorganic compounds: (con.)

Halogenated organo-phosphorous derivatives:

2931.51.00

00

Methylphosphonic dichloride.........................................

kg..............

3.7%

2931.52.00

00

Propylphosphonic dichloride..........................................

kg..............

3.7%

2931.53.00

00

O-(3-chloropropyl) O-[4-nitro-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]
methylphosphonothionate..............................................

kg..............

3.7%

2931.54.00

00

Trichlorfon (ISO)..............................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2931.59.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.7%

25%2/

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

25%2/

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

15

20

25

30

35

60

80

O-Alkyl (≤ C10, including cycloalkyl) alkyl (methyl,
ethyl,n- propyl or isopropyl)
phosphonofluoridates...............................................

Alkyl (methyl, ethyl, n-propyl or isopropyl)
phosphonyl difluorides.............................................

O-Isopropyl methylphosphonochloridate...............

O-Pinacolyl methylphosphonochloridate...............

P-Alkyl (≤ C10, incl. cycloalkyl) N-(1-(dialkyl (≤ C10,
incl. cycloalkyl) amino))alkylidene (H or ≤C10, incl.
cycloalkyl) phosphonamidic fluorides and
corresponding alkylated or protonated salts.........

Methyl-
bis(diethylamino)methylene)phosphonamidofluoridate.

Containing a phosphorus atom to which one
methyl, ethyl, n-propyl or isopropyl group is bonded
but no further carbon atoms....................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

VI
29-114

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2931 (con.)
2931.90

2931.90.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other organo-inorganic compounds: (con.)

Other:

Aromatic:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Diphenyldichlorosilane; and
phenyltrichlorosilane................................................

kg..............

Free

2931.90.10

00

4,4'-Diphenylbisphosphonous acid,
di(2',2",4',4"-di-tert-butyl)phenyl ester....................

kg..............

6.5%

2931.90.15

00

Sodium tetraphenylboron........................................

kg..............

5.8%

2931.90.22

00

Drugs...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2931.90.26

00

Pesticides...........................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2931.90.30

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2931.90.60

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

15.4¢/kg +
68.5%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
68.5%

15.4¢/kg +
68.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other organo-inorganic compounds: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-115

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2931 (con.)
2931.90
(con.)

2931.90.70

00

N,N'-Bis(trimethylsilyl) urea;
3-(Hydroxymethylphosphinyl)-1-propanoic acid,
2-hydroxyethyl ester; and
2-Phosphonobutane-1,2,4-tricarboxylic acid and
its salts.......................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2931.90.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7% 5/

10

21

25

29
30

35

40

52

Organo-silicon compounds5/.............................

kg

Organo-tin compounds:

Dibutyltin oxide5/..........................................

Tetrabutyltin5/...............................................

Other5/...........................................................
2-Chlorovinyldichloroarsine..............................

Bis(2-chlorovinyl)chloroarsine..........................

Tris(2-chlorovinyl)arsine...................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

2932

Heterocyclic compounds with oxygen hetero-atom(s) only:

Compounds containing an unfused furan ring (whether or
not hydrogenated) in the structure:

2932.11.00

00

Tetrahydrofuran...............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

2932.12.00

00

2-Furaldehyde (Furfuraldehyde)....................................

kg..............

2932.13.00

00

Furfuryl alcohol and tetrahydrofurfuryl alcohol.............

kg..............

Free1/

3.7%1/

2932.14.00

00

Sucralose.........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2932.19
2932.19.10

00

Other:

Aromatic....................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2932.19.51

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7% 1/

25%

25%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

Free

25%

25%

25%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-116

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2932 (con.)

2932.20
2932.20.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heterocyclic compounds with oxygen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Lactones:

Coumarin, methylcoumarins and ethylcoumarins........

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

Aromatic:

2932.20.10

00

Pesticides...........................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2932.20.20

00

Drugs...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2932.20.25

00

4-Hydroxycoumarin.....................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2932.20.30

00

Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

6.5%

2932.20.45

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2932.20.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%

10

20

30

50

Butyrolactone.....................................................

Glucono-δ-lactone.............................................

Sodium erythorbate (Sodium isoascorbate)....

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

48%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +

53%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-117

2

Heterocyclic compounds with oxygen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Other:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2932 (con.)

2932.91.00

00

Isosafrole..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2932.92.00

00

1-(1,3-Benzodioxol-5-yl)propan-2-one.........................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2932.93.00

00

Piperonal (heliotropin).....................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

2932.94.00

00

Safrole..............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2932.95.00

00

Tetrahydrocannabinols (all isomers).............................

kg..............

2932.96.00

00

Carbofuran (ISO).............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

45%

45%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-118

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2932 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heterocyclic compounds with oxygen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

2932.99

Other: (con.)
Other:

Aromatic:

Pesticides:

2932.99.04

00

2932.99.08

00

2,2-Dimethyl-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl
methylcarbamate (Bendiocarb).................

kg..............

Free

2-Ethoxy-2,3-dihydro-3,3-dimethyl-5-
benzofuranylmethanesulfonate.................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2932.99.21

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2932.99.32

00

Benzofuran (Coumarone); and Dibenzofuran
(Diphenylene oxide)...........................................

kg..............

Free1/

2932.99.35

00

2-Hydroxy-3-dibenzofurancarboxylic acid......

kg..............

6.5%1/

2932.99.39

00

Benzoin tetrahydropyranyl ester; and
Xanthen-9-one...................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

2932.99.55

00

Bis-O-[(4-methylphenyl)methylene]-D- glucitol
(Dimethyl benzylidene sorbitol); and
Rhodamine 2C base..........................................

kg..............

Free

2932.99.61

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2932.99.70

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2932.99.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%

10

90

Glucosamine and its salts and esters..............

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free

15.4¢/kg +
66.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-119

2

2933

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:

Compounds containing an unfused pyrazole ring (whether
or not hydrogenated) in the structure:

2933.11.00

00

Phenazone (Antipyrine) and its derivatives..................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.19

Other:

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
49.5%

2933.19.04

00

2933.19.08

00

Aromatic or modified aromatic:

Aminomethylphenylpyrazole
(Phenylmethylaminopyrazole); and
3-Methyl-1-(p-tolyl)-2-pyrazolin-5-one (p-Tolyl
methyl pyrazolone)............................................

3-(5-Amino-3-methyl-1H-pyrazol-1-yl)-
benzenesulfonic acid; Amino-J-pyrazolone;
3-Amino-1-(2,4,6-trichlorophenyl)-5-
pyrazolone;
3-Carboxy-1,4-sulfophenylpyrazol-5-one;
4-Chloro-3-(3-methyl-5-oxo-2-pyrazolin-1-
yl)benzenesulfonic acid;
1-(m-Chlorophenyl)-3-methyl-2-pyrazolin-
5-one;p-Chloropyrazolone;
1-(2',5'-Dichlorophenyl)-3-methyl-2-
pyrazolin-5-one;
1-(o-Ethylphenyl)-3-methyl-2-pyrazolin- 5-one;
5-Imino-3-methyl-1-phenylpyrazole;
5-Imino-3-methyl-1-(m-sulfophenyl)- pyrazole;
2,4-Methylcarboxypyrazolic acid;
Methylphenylpyrazolone; and
Sulfinpyrazone...................................................

kg..............

Free3/

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

kg..............

5.8%1/

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

2933.19.15

00

2933.19.18

00

1,2-Dimethyl-3,5-diphenyl-1H-pyrazolium
methyl sulfate (Difenzoquat methyl sulfate).....

kg..............

Free1/

2-Chloro-5-sulfophenylmethylpyrazolone;
2,5-Dichloro-4-(3-methyl-5-oxo-2-
pyrazolin-1-yl) benzenesulfonic acid; Phenyl
carbethoxypyrazolone;m-Sulfaminopyrazolone
(m-Sulfamido- phenyl methyl pyrazolone); and
1-(p-Sulfophenyl)-3-methyl pyrazolone...........

kg..............

Free1/

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

VI
29-120

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing an unfused pyrazole ring (whether
or not hydrogenated) in the structure: (con.)

2933.19
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic or modified aromatic: (con.)

Other:

2933.19.23

00

Pesticides....................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2933.19.30

Photographic chemicals.............................

..................

6.5% 1/

10

95
00

2933.19.35

2933.19.37

00

Couplers, for use in color negative
photographic paper..............................

kg

Other......................................................
Drugs............................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2933.19.43

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2933.19.45

00

Drugs...................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Other:

2933.19.70

00

2933.19.90

00

3-Methyl-5-pyrazolone...............................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5% 1/

Other:

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
47.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-121

2

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing an unfused imidazole ring (whether
or not hydrogenated) in the structure:

2933.21.00

00

Hydantoin and its derivatives.........................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2933.29

Other:

2933.29.05

00

Aromatic or modified aromatic:

1-[1-((4-Chloro-2-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)-
imino)-2-propoxyethyl]-1H-imidazole
(Triflumizole); and Ethylene thiourea...............

kg..............

Free1/

2933.29.10

00

2-Phenylimidazole.............................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

2933.29.20

00

Drugs............................................................

kg..............

6%1/

Other:

2933.29.35

00

Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2933.29.43

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2933.29.45

00

Drugs...................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Other:

2933.29.60

00

2933.29.90

00

Imidazole......................................................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5% 1/

Other:

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

63%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

51%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-122

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing an unfused pyridine ring (whether
or not hydrogenated) in the structure:

2933.31.00

00

Pyridine and its salts.......................................................

kg..............

2933.32
2933.32.10

00

Piperidine and its salts:

Piperidine...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

2933.32.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2933.33.01

00

Alfentanil (INN), anileridine (INN), bezitramide (INN),
bromazepam (INN), carfentanil (INN), difenoxin (INN),
diphenoxylate (INN), dipipanone (INN), fentanyl (INN),
ketobemidone (INN), methylphenidate (INN),
pentazocine (INN), pethidine (INN), pethidine (INN)
intermediate A, phencyclidine (INN) (PCP),
phenoperidine (INN), pipradrol (INN), piritramide (INN),
propiram (INN), remifentanil (INN) and trimeperidine
(INN); salts thereof..........................................................

kg..............

Free

2933.34.00

00

Other fentanyls and their derivatives............................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.35.00

00

3-Quinuclidinol.................................................................

kg..............

5.8%

2933.36.00

00

4-Anilino-N-phenethylpiperidine (ANPP).....................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.37.00

00

N-Phenethyl-4-piperidone (NPP)..................................

kg..............

6.5%

Free

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
149.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.39
2933.39.08

00

2933.39.10

00

2933.39.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-123

2

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing an unfused pyridine ring (whether
or not hydrogenated) in the structure: (con.)

Other:

1-(3-Sulfo propyl) pyridinium hydroxide;N,N'-Bis
(2,2,6,6-tetra methyl-4-piperidinyl)-1,6- hexane
diamine; 3,5-Dimethyl-2-hydroxy
methyl-4-methoxy- pyridine (pyrmethyl alcohol);
Dipenta methylene thiuram tetra sulfide;
2H-Indol-2-one,1,3-dihydro-1-phenyl-3-(4- pyridinyl
methylene); 4-Picolyl chloride hydro chloride; and
Piperidino ethyl chloride hydro chloride.................

kg..............

Free

Collidines, lutidines and picolines...........................

kg..............

Free

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free

p-Chloro-2-benzylpyridine;
4-Chloro-1-methylpiperidine hydrochloride;
1,4-Dimethyl-6-hydroxy-3-cyanopyrid-2-one;
Di-(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-hydroxy-
piperidine)sebacate; 2-Methyl-5-ethylpyridine;
4-Phenylpropylpyridine; α-Phenylpyridylacetic acid,
methyl ester; Picolinic acid;
2-Pyridinecarboxaldehyde; and
2,5-Pyridinedicarboxylic acid..................................

kg..............

5.8%

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-124

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.39
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing an unfused pyridine ring (whether
or not hydrogenated) in the structure: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Pesticides

2933.39.21

00

Fungicides...................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.39.23

00

o-Paraquat dichloride..........................

kg..............

6.5%

Herbicides:

2933.39.25

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.39.27

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.39.31

00

Antidepressants, tranquilizers and other
psychotherapeutic agents..........................

kg..............

6.5%

Drugs:

2933.39.41

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +
149.5%

15.4¢/kg +

65%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.39
(con.)

2933.39.61

10

20

30

91
00

2933.39.92

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-125

2

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing an unfused pyridine ring (whether
or not hydrogenated) in the structure: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

..................

6.5%

3-Quinuclidinyl benzilate.....................

kg

1-[N,N-Dialkyl (≤C10)-N-(n-(hydroxyl,
cyano, acetoxy)alkyl (≤C10))
ammonio]-n-n-[N-(3-
dimethylcarbamoxy-α-picolinyl)-N,N-dialkyl
(≤C10) ammonio]decane dibromide
(n=1-8)...................................................

1,n-Bis[N-(3-dimethylcarbamoxy-α-picolyl)-
N,N-dialkyl (≤ C10)
ammonio]-alkane-(2,(n-1)- dione)
dibromide (n=2-12) .............................

kg

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-126

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing in the structure a quinoline or
isoquinoline ring-system (whether or not hydrogenated),
not further fused:

2933.41.00

00

Levorphanol (INN) and its salts.....................................

kg..............

Free

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-127

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.49
2933.49.08

00

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing in the structure a quinoline or
isoquinoline ring-system (whether or not hydrogenated),
not further fused: (con.)

Other:

4,7-Dichloroquinoline...............................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.49.10

00

Ethoxyquin (1,2-Dihydro-6-ethoxy-2,2,4-
trimethylquinoline)....................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.49.15

00

8-Methylquinoline and Isoquinoline........................

kg..............

5.8%

2933.49.17

00

Ethyl ethyl-6,7,8-trifluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-3-
quinolinecarboxylate................................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

Drugs:

2933.49.20

00

5-Chloro-7-iodo-8-quinolinol (Iodo chlo
rhydroxy quin); Deco quinate; Diiodo
hydroxy quin; and Oxy quinoline sulfate....

kg..............

6.5%

2933.49.26

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.49.30

00

Pesticides...........................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.49.60

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2933.49.70

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

55%

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

46%

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-128

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.52
2933.52.10

2933.52.90
2933.53.00

00

00
00

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing a pyrimidine ring (whether or not
hydrogenated) or piperazine ring in the structure:
Malonylurea (Barbituric acid) and its salts:

Malonylurea (barbituric acid)..................................

kg..............

Free

Other..........................................................................
Allobarbital (INN), amobarbital (INN), barbital (INN),
butalbital (INN), butobarbital, cyclobarbital (INN),
methylphenobarbital (INN), pentobarbital (INN),
phenobarbital (INN), secbutabarbital (INN),
secobarbital (INN) and vinylbital (INN); salts thereof..

kg..............

Free

kg..............

Free

2933.54.00

00

Other derivatives of malonylurea (barbituric acid); salts
thereof...............................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2933.55.00

00

Loprazolam (INN), mecloqualone (INN), methaqualone
(INN) and zipeprol (INN); salts thereof.........................

kg..............

Free

2933.59

Other:

Pesticides:

2933.59.10

00

Herbicides....................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Aromatic or modified aromatic

2933.59.15

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.59.18

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

25%

50%

50%

50%

15.4¢/kg +
149.5%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

30.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-129

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.59
(con.)

2933.59.21

00

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing a pyrimidine ring (whether or not
hydrogenated) or piperazine ring in the structure: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Drugs:

Aromatic or modified aromatic:

Antihistamines, including those principally
used as anti-nauseants..............................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.59.22

00

Nicarbazin; and Trimethoprim............

kg..............

6.5%

Anti-infective agents:

2933.59.36

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.59.46

00

Antidepressants, tranquilizers and other
psychotherapeutic agents..........................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.59.53

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.59.59

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

15.4¢/kg +

82%

15.4¢/kg +

46%

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

15.4¢/kg +
149.5%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-130

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.59
(con.)

2933.59.70

00

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Compounds containing a pyrimidine ring (whether or not
hydrogenated) or piperazine ring in the structure: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Aromatic or modified aromatic:

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

58%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2933.59.80

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.59.85

00

Other:

2-Amino-4-chloro-6-methoxy pyrimidine;
2-Amino-4,6-di methoxy pyrimidine; and
6-Methyl uracil.............................................

kg..............

Free

2933.59.95

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Compounds containing an unfused triazine ring (whether
or not hydrogenated) in the structure:

2933.61.00

00

Melamine..........................................................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

2933.69
2933.69.20

00

Other:

2,4-Diamino-6-phenyl-1,3,5-triazine......................

kg..............

2933.69.50

00

Hexamethylenetetramine.........................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.3%1/

2933.69.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.5% 3/

10

15

21
30

50

Cyanuric chloride...............................................

kg

Pesticides:

Sodium dichloroisocyanurate and
trichloroisocyanuric acid.............................

Other.............................................................

Products used principally for rubber
processing..........................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Lactams:

VI
29-131

2

2933.71.00

00

6-Hexanelactam (ε-Caprolactam).................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2933.72.00

00

Clobazam (INN) and methyprylon (INN)......................

kg..............

Free

2933.79

Other lactams:

2933.79.04

00

2933.79.08

00

Aromatic or modified aromatic:

2,5-Dihydro-3,6-diphenylpyrrolo-(3,4-c)-
pyrrole-1,4-dione................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2933.79.15

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2933.79.20

00

N-Methyl-2-pyrrolidone; and 2-Pyrrolidone.....

kg..............

4.2%1/

Other:

2933.79.30

00

N-Vinyl-2-pyrrolidone, monomer......................

kg..............

5.5%1/

2933.79.40

00

2933.79.85

00

12-Aminododecanoic acid lactam...................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30.5%

30.5%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-132

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.91.00

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Other:

Alprazolam (INN), camazepam (INN), chlordiazepoxide
(INN), clonazepam (INN), clorazepate, delorazepam
(INN), diazepam (INN), estazolam (INN), ethyl
loflazepate (INN), fludiazepam (INN), flunitrazepam
(INN), flurazepam (INN), halazepam (INN), lorazepam
(INN), lormetazepam (INN), mazindol (INN),
medazepam (INN), midazolam (INN), nimetazepam
(INN), nitrazepam (INN), nordazepam (INN),
oxazepam (INN), pinazepam (INN), prazepam (INN),
pyrovalerone (INN), temazepam (INN), tetrazepam
(INN) and triazolam (INN); salts thereof.......................

..................

Free

10

50
00

2933.92.00

Lorazepam (INN); salts thereof...............................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Azinphos-methyl..............................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

2933.99

Other:

2933.99.01

00

2933.99.02

00

2933.99.05

00

2933.99.06

00

2933.99.08

00

Aromatic or modified aromatic:

Butyl (R)-2-[4-(5-trifluoromethyl-2-
pyridinyloxy)phenoxy]propanoate....................

kg..............

Free

2-[4-[(6-Chloro-2-quinoxalinyl)oxy]phenoxy]-
propionic acid, ethyl ester.................................

kg..............

Free

Acridine and indole............................................

kg..............

Free

α-Butyl-α-(4-chlorophenyl)-1H-1,2,4-
triazole-1- propanenitrile (Myclobutanil);
andα-[2-(4-Chlorophenyl)ethyl]-α-phenyl-1H-
1,2,4-triazole-1-propanenitrile
(Fenbuconazole)................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Aceto acetyl-5-amino benz imidazolone;
3-(2H-Benzo triazol-2-yl)-5-(tert-butyl)-4-
hydroxy benzene propanoic acid, C7-C9
branched or linear alkyl esters;
2-(2H-Benzotriazol-2-yl)-6-dodecyl-4- methyl
phenol, in liquid form, branched and linear;
and 1,3,3-Trimethyl-2-methyleneindoline.......

kg..............

Free

2933.99.11

00

Carbazole...........................................................

kg..............

Free

15.4¢/kg +
149.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

Free

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.99
(con.)

2933.99.12

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-133

2

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic or modified aromatic: (con.)

6-Bromo-5-methyl-1H-imidazo[4,5-b]- pyridine;
2-sec-Butyl-4-tert-butyl-6-(benzotriazol-2-
yl)phenol;
2-tert-Butyl-4-methyl-6-(5-chlorobenzotri-
azol-2-yl)phenol;
2,4-Di-tert-butyl-6-(benzotriazol-2-yl)phenol;
2,4-Di-tert-butyl-6-(5-chlorobenzotriazol-2-
yl)phenol; 2,3-Dichloro-6-quinoxalinecarbonyl
chloride; 1-Hydroxy-2-carbazolecarboxylic
acid; 2-Hydroxy-3-carbazolecarboxylic acid;
2-Hydroxy-3-carbazolecarboxylic acid, sodium
salt; Iminodibenzyl(10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenz-
[b,f]azepine); Indoline;
3-Methylbenzo[f]quinoline; 2-Methylindoline;
2-Methylmercaptobenzimidazole;
1-Methyl-2-phenylindole; 1-Methylpyrazine;
2,4-Methylpyrazolic acid;
2-Phenylbenzimidazole; 2-Phenylindole;
Tetramethylpyrazine;
2,3,5-Triphenyltetrazolium
chloride;dl-Tryptophan; and Vinylcarbazole,
monomer.............................................................

kg..............

5.8%

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-134

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.99
(con.)

2933.99.14

00

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic or modified aromatic: (con.)

Other:

Pesticides:

5-Amino-4-chloro-α-phenyl-3-
pyridazinone..........................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.99.16

00

o-Diquat dibromide (1,1'-Ethylene-
2,2'-dipyridylium dibromide)................

kg..............

Free

2933.99.17

01

Insecticides....................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2933.99.22

00

Other...............................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.99.24

00

Photographic chemicals.............................

kg..............

6.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.99
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-135

2

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic or modified aromatic: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Drugs:

2933.99.26

00

Antihistamines......................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.99.42

00

Anti-infective agents:

Acriflavine; Acriflavine
hydrochloride; Carbadox; and
Pyrazinamide.................................

kg..............

Free

2933.99.46

00

Other...............................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.99.51

00

2933.99.53

00

Cardiovascular drugs:

Hydralazine hydrochloride............

kg..............

Free

Other...............................................

kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

46%

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

15.4¢/kg +
47.5%

15.4¢/kg +

65%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic or modified aromatic: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Drugs: (con.)

VI
29-136

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.99
(con.)

2933.99.55

10

20

30

90

2933.99.58

00

Drugs primarily affecting the central
nervous system:

Analgesics, antipyretics and
nonhormonal anti-inflammatory
agents.............................................

..................

6.5%

Tolmetin...................................

Tolmetin sodium dihydrate.....

Tolmetin sodium
(anhydrous).............................

Other........................................
Antidepressants, tranquilizers and
other psychotherapeutic agents:
Droperidol; and Imipramine
hydrochloride...........................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

Free

2933.99.61

00

Other........................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.99.65

00

Anticonvulsants, hypnotics and
sedatives........................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.99.70

00

Other...............................................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.99.75

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg
+47.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +
45.5%

15.4¢/kg +
149.5%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
58.5%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-137

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2933 (con.)

2933.99
(con.)

2933.99.79

00

Heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic or modified aromatic: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

6.5%

2933.99.82

Other......................................................

..................

6.5%

10

20

90

Benzotriazole (CAS No.
95-14-7)..........................................

Tolyltriazole (CAS No.
29385-43-1)...................................

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

2933.99.85

00

3-Amino-1,2,4-triazole......................................

kg..............

3.7%

Other:

2933.99.89

00

Hexamethyleneimine.........................................

kg..............

Free

2933.99.90

00

Drugs............................................................

kg..............

3.7%

Other:

2933.99.97

01

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30.5%

25%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
29-138

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2934

2934.10

2934.10.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Nucleic acids and their salts, whether or not chemically defined;
other heterocyclic compounds:

Compounds containing an unfused thiazole ring (whether
or not hydrogenated) in the structure:
Aromatic or modified aromatic:

Products described in additional U.S. note 3 to
section VI...................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

2934.10.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2934.10.70

00

Other:

4,5-Dichloro-2-n-octyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one; Ethyl
2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2- hydroxyiminoacetate;
Ethyl 2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-
methoxyiminoacetate; 2-Methyl-4-isothiazolin-
3-one; 2-n-Octyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one; and
Thiothiamine hydrochloride.....................................

kg..............

Free

2934.10.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

3.25% (JP)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.25% (JP)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-139

2

Nucleic acids and their salts, whether or not chemically defined;
other heterocyclic compounds: (con.)

Compounds containing in the structure a benzothiazole
ring-system (whether or not hydrogenated), not further
fused:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2934 (con.)

2934.20

2934.20.05

00

N-tert-Butyl-2-benzothiazolesulfenamide.....................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.20.10

00

2,2'-Dithiobisbenzothiazole............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2934.20.15

00

2-Mercaptobenzothiazole;
andN-(Oxydiethylene)benzothiazole-2-sulfenamide....

kg..............

6.5%1/

2934.20.20

00

2-Mercaptobenzothiazole, sodium salt
(2-Benzothiazolethiol, sodium salt)...............................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2934.20.25

00

2934.20.30

00

2-Amino-5,6-dichloro benzo thiazole; 2-(4-Amino
phenyl)-6-methyl benzo thiazole-7- sulfonic acid;
2-Amino-6-nitro benzo thiazole; andN,N-Di cyclo
hexyl-2-benzo thiazole sulfenamide..............................

kg..............

Free1/

2-Amino-6-methoxy benzo thiazole; 2-Amino-6-methyl
benzo thiazole; 6-Ethoxy-2-benzo thiazo lethiol;
3-Methyl benzo thiazole-2-hydrazone; and Primuline
base..................................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-140

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2934 (con.)

2934.20
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Nucleic acids and their salts, whether or not chemically defined;
other heterocyclic compounds: (con.)

Compounds containing in the structure a benzothiazole
ring-system (whether or not hydrogenated), not further
fused: (con.)
Other:

2934.20.35

00

Pesticides..................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2934.20.40

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2934.20.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.30

Compounds containing in the structure a phenothiazine
ring-system (whether or not hydrogenated), not further
fused:

2934.30.12

00

2-(Trifluoromethyl)phenothiazine..................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.30.18

00

Ethyl (1H-phenothiazin-2,4,1)carbamate.....................

kg..............

Free

Other:

Drugs:

2934.30.23

00

Antidepressants, tranquilizers and other
psychotherapeutic agents.................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.30.27

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.30.43

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2934.30.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +
149.5%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-141

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2934 (con.)

2934.91.00

00

Nucleic acids and their salts, whether or not chemically defined;
other heterocyclic compounds: (con.)

Other:

Aminorex (INN), brotizolam (INN), clotiazepam (INN),
cloxazolam (INN), dextromoramide (INN), haloxazolam
(INN), ketazolam (INN), mesocarb (INN), oxazolam
(INN), pemoline (INN), phendimetrazine (INN),
phenmetrazine (INN) and sufentanil (INN); salts
thereof...............................................................................

kg..............

Free

2934.92.00

00

Other fentanyls and their derivatives............................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99

Other:

Aromatic or modified aromatic:

2934.99.01

00

Mycophenolate mofetil......................................

kg..............

Free

2934.99.03

00

2934.99.05

00

2-Acetylbenzo(b)thiophene;
3-Methylene-7-(2-phenoxyacetamido)-
cephan-4-carboxylic acid, p-nitrobenzyl ester,
1-oxide; and
Naphth[1,2-d]-[1,2,3]-oxadiazole-5-sulfonic
acid and its sodium salt.....................................

5-Amino-3-phenyl-1,2,4-thiadiazole
(3-Phenyl-5-amino-1,2,4-thiadiazole);
2-Hydroxybenzoxazole (Benzoxazolone);
4-Phenylmorpholine;
1,9-Thianthrenedicarboxylic acid; and
Thioxanthene-9-one (Thioxanthone)...............

kg..............

Free

kg..............

5.8%

2934.99.06

00

7-Nitronaphth[1,2]oxadiazole-5-sulfonic acid
and its salts.........................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99.07

00

Ethyl 2-[4-[(6-chloro-2-benzoxazolyl)oxy]-
phenoxy]propanoate (Fenoxaprop-ethyl)........

kg..............

Free

2934.99.08

00

2,5-Diphenyloxazole..........................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99.09

00

1,2-Benzisothiazolin-3-one...............................

kg..............

Free

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

52%

30.5%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
39.5%

15.4¢/kg +
66.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
29-142

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2934 (con.)

2934.99
(con.)

2934.99.11

00

Nucleic acids and their salts, whether or not chemically defined;
other heterocyclic compounds: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic or modified aromatic: (con.)

Other:

Pesticides:

2-tert-Butyl-4-(2,4-dichloro-5-
isopropoxyphenyl)-Δ²-1,3,4-
oxadiazolin-5-one;
3-Isopropyl-1H-2,1,3-
benzothiadiazin-4-(3H)-one-2,2-
dioxide (Bentazon);
andO,O-Diethyl-S-[(6-chloro-2-
oxobenzoxazolin-3-yl)methyl]-
phosphorodithioate (Phosalone)........

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99.12

00

Fungicides......................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2934.99.15

00

Herbicides......................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99.16

00

Insecticides....................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99.18

00

Other...............................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99.20

00

Photographic chemicals.............................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99.30

00

Drugs............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
40.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.25% (JP)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +
64.5%

15.4¢/kg +

40%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-143

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2934 (con.)

2934.99
(con.)

2934.99.39

00

Nucleic acids and their salts, whether or not chemically defined;
other heterocyclic compounds: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Aromatic or modified aromatic: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Products described in additional U.S.
note 3 to section VI...............................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99.44

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2934.99.47

00

Drugs...................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

Other:

2934.99.70

00

Other:

Morpholinoethyl chloride hydrochloride;
2-Methyl-2,5-dioxo-1-oxa-2-phospholan;
and (6R-trans)-7-Amino-3-methyl-8-oxo-5-
thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]-oct-2-ene-2-
carboxylic acid.............................................

kg..............

Free

2934.99.90

01

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

15.4¢/kg +

52%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30.5%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-144

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2935
2935.10.00

Sulfonamides:

00

N-Methyl perfluorooctane sulfonamide................................

kg..............

6.5%

2935.20.00

00

N-Ethyl perfluorooctane sulfonamide...................................

kg..............

6.5%

2935.30.00

00

N-Ethyl -N-(2-hydroxyethyl)perfluorooctane sulfonamide..

kg..............

6.5%

2935.40.00

00

N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-N-methyl perfluorooctane
sulfonamide.............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2935.50.00

00

Other perfluorooctane sulfonamides....................................

kg..............

6.5%

2935.90
2935.90.06

00

Other:

4-Amino-6-chloro-m-benzenedisulfonamide and
Methyl-4-aminobenzenesulfonylcarbamate
(Asulam)...........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2935.90.10

00

2-Amino-N-ethylbenzenesulfonanilide;
5-Amino-α,α,α-trifluorotoluene-2,4-disulfonamide;
Benzenesulfonamide; Benzenesulfonyl hydrazide;
2-Chloro-4-amino-5-hydroxybenzenesulfonamide;
2,5-Dimethoxysulfanilanilide; and Metanilamide.........

kg..............

6.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
57.5%

15.4¢/kg +
57.5%

15.4¢/kg +
57.5%

15.4¢/kg +
57.5%

15.4¢/kg +
57.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

41%

15.4¢/kg +

41%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

2935.90.13

00

(5‐[2‐Chloro‐4‐ (trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]‐N‐
(methylsulfonyl)‐2‐nitrobenzamide) (Fomesafen);
N‐(2,6‐Dichloro‐3‐ methylphenyl)‐5‐
amino‐1,3,4‐triazole‐2‐sulfonamide; 2,4‐Dichloro‐5‐
sulfamoylbenzoic acid; N‐Ethyl‐o‐ toluenesulfonamide;
N‐Ethyl‐p‐toluenesulfonamide;
7-(Hexadecylsulfonylamino) ‐1H‐indole; Methyl
5‐{[(4,6‐dimethoxy‐2‐pyrimidinyl)amino]‐
carbonylaminosulfonyl}
‐3‐chloro‐1‐methyl‐1H‐pyrazole‐4‐carboxylate
(Halosulfuron methyl); and Mixtures of ortho‐ and
para-toluenesulfonamides..............................................

kg..............

Free

15.4¢/kg +
57.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-145

2

2935 (con.)
2935.90
(con.)
2935.90.15

Sulfonamides: (con.)
Other: (con.)

00

o-Toluenesulfonamide....................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2935.90.20

00

Fast color bases and fast color salts......................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2935.90.29

00

Acetylsulfaguanidine...................................

kg..............

Free

Drugs:

Anti-infective agents:

2935.90.30

00

Sulfamethazine............................................

kg..............

Free

2935.90.32

00

Acetylsulfisoxazole; Sulfacetamide,
sodium; and Sulfamethazine, sodium.......

kg..............

6.5%

2935.90.33

00

Sulfathiazole and Sulfathiazole, sodium...

kg..............

Free

2935.90.42

00

Salicylazosulfapyridine (Sulfasalazine);
Sulfadiazine; Sulfaguanidine;
Sulfamerizine; and Sulfapyridine...............

kg..............

Free

2935.90.48

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2935.90.60

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

2935.90.75

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

2935.90.95

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
57.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
54.5%

15.4¢/kg +

96%

15.4¢/kg +

80%

15.4¢/kg +

96%

15.4¢/kg +
133%

15.4¢/kg +
128.5%

15.4¢/kg +

96%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +
57.5%

15.4¢/kg +
57.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
29-146

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2936

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI. PROVITAMINS, VITAMINS AND HORMONES

Provitamins and vitamins, natural or reproduced by synthesis
(including natural concentrates), derivatives thereof used
primarily as vitamins, and intermixtures of the foregoing,
whether or not in any solvent:

Vitamins and their derivatives, unmixed:

2936.21.00

00

Vitamins A and their derivatives....................................

kg..............

Free

2936.22.00

00

2936.23.00

00

2936.24.01

00

2936.25.00

00

2936.26.00

00

Vitamin B1 (Thiamine) and its derivatives.....................

kg..............

Free

Vitamin B2 (Riboflavin) and its derivatives...................

kg..............

Free

D- or DL-Pantothenic acid (Vitamin B5) and its
derivatives........................................................................

kg..............

Free

Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine and related compounds with
Vitamin B6 activity) and its derivatives..........................

kg..............

Free

Vitamin B12 (Cyanocobalamin and related compounds
with Vitamin B12 activity) and its derivatives.................

kg..............

Free

2936.27.00

00

Vitamin C (Ascorbic acid) and its derivatives..............

kg..............

Free

2936.28.00

00

Vitamin E (Tocopherols and related compounds with
Vitamin E activity) and its derivatives...........................

kg..............

Free

2936.29
2936.29.10

00

Other vitamins and their derivatives:

Folic acid...................................................................

kg..............

Free

2936.29.16

Niacin and niacinamide...........................................

..................

Free

10

20
30

Niacin:

Pharmaceutical grade................................

Other.............................................................
Niacinamide........................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other:

2936.29.20

00

Aromatic or modified aromatic.........................

kg..............

Free

2936.29.50

2936.90.01

20

30

50

10

50

Other...................................................................
Vitamins D and their derivatives................

..................
kg

Free

Biotin.............................................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other, including provitamins and natural concentrates......
Provitamins......................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free

Other.................................................................................

kg

25%

25%

15.4¢/kg +

62%

25%

25%

15.4¢/kg +
145.5%

25%

15.4¢/kg +
63.5%

15.4¢/kg +

49%

25%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

25%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-147

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2937

2937.11.00

00

Hormones, prostaglandins, thromboxanes and leukotrienes,
natural or reproduced by synthesis; derivatives and structural
analogues thereof, including chain modified polypeptides, used
primarily as hormones:

Polypeptide hormones, protein hormones and glycoprotein
hormones, their derivatives and structural analogues:
Somatotropin, its derivatives and structural
analogues.........................................................................

g ................

Free

2937.12.00

00

Insulin and its salts..........................................................

g ................

Free

2937.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

g ................

Free

2937.21.00

2937.22.00

2937.23
2937.23.10

10

20

30

40
00

10

20

50

Steroidal hormones, their derivatives and structural
analogues:

Cortisone, hydrocortisone, prednisone
(dehydrocortisone), and prednisolone
(dehydrohydrocortisone)................................................
Cortisone...................................................................

Hydrocortisone..........................................................

Prednisone................................................................

Prednisolone.............................................................

Halogenated derivatives of adrenal cortical
hormones..........................................................................

Estrogens and progestins:

..................
g

Free

g

g

g

g ................

Free

Obtained directly or indirectly from animal or
vegetable materials..................................................
Estrogens............................................................

..................
g

Free

Other:

Progesterone...............................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

2937.23.25

00

Estradiol benzoate; and Estradiol
cyclopentylpropionate (Estradiol cypionate)....

g ................

Free

2937.23.50

Other...................................................................

..................

Free

2937.29
2937.29.10

2937.29.90

10

20

50

00

20

30

40

50

95

Estrogens.....................................................

g

Other:

Progesterone........................................

Other......................................................

g

g

Other:

Desonide; andNandrolone phenproprionate.........

g ................

Free

Other..........................................................................
Salts and esters of hydrocortisone..................

..................
g

Free

Salts and esters of prednisone.........................

Salts and esters of prednisolone......................

Anabolic agents and androgens......................

Other...................................................................

g

g

g

g

10%

10%

25%

25%

25%

25%

15.4¢/kg +

49%

15.4¢/kg +
78.5%

15.4¢/kg +

49%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-148

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2937 (con.)

2937.50.00

00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Hormones, prostaglandins, thromboxanes and leukotrienes,
natural or reproduced by synthesis; derivatives and structural
analogues thereof, including chain modified polypeptides, used
primarily as hormones: (con.)

Prostaglandins, thromboxanes and leukotrienes, their
derivatives and structural analogues...................................

g ................

Free

25%

2937.90

Other:

Catecholamine hormones, their derivatives and
structural analogues:

2937.90.05

00

Epinephrine...............................................................

g ................

Free

2937.90.10

00

Epinephrine hydrochloride................................

g ................

Free

Other:

2937.90.20

00

Other...................................................................

g ................

Free

2937.90.40

00

l-Thyroxine (Levothyroxine), sodium......................

kg..............

Free

Amino-acid derivatives:

2937.90.45
2937.90.90

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

g ................
g ................

Free
Free

15.4¢/kg +

49%

15.4¢/kg +

49%

25%

15.4¢/kg +

49%

25%
25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-149

2

XII. GLYCOSIDES AND ALKALOIDS, NATURAL OR
REPRODUCED BY SYNTHESIS, AND THEIR SALTS,
ETHERS, ESTERS AND OTHER DERIVATIVES

2938

Glycosides, natural or reproduced by synthesis, and their salts,
ethers, esters and other derivatives:

2938.10.00

00

Rutoside (Rutin) and its derivatives.....................................

kg..............

1.5%

2938.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

2939

2939.11.00

00

Alkaloids, natural or reproduced by synthesis, and their salts,
ethers, esters and other derivatives:

Alkaloids of opium and their derivatives; salts thereof:

Concentrates of poppy straw; buprenorphine (INN);
codeine, dihydrocodeine (INN), ethylmorphine,
etorphine (INN), heroin, hydrocodone (INN),
hydromorphone (INN), morphine, nicomorphine (INN),
oxycodone (INN), oxymorphone (INN), pholcodine
(INN), thebacon (INN) and thebaine; salts thereof......

kg..............

Free

2939.19
2939.19.10

00

Other:

Papaverine and its salts...........................................

kg..............

Free

2939.19.20

00

Synthetic.............................................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

2939.19.50
2939.20.00

2939.30.00

00

10

50
00

Other...................................................................
Alkaloids of cinchona and their derivatives; salts thereof...
Quinine and its salts........................................................

g ................
..................
g

Free
Free

Other.................................................................................
Caffeine and its salts.............................................................

g
kg..............

Free

2939.41.00

00

Ephedrine and its salts...................................................

kg..............

Free

Alkaloids of ephedra and their derivatives; salts thereof:

2939.42.00

00

Pseudoephedrine (INN) and its salts............................

kg..............

Free

2939.43.00

00

Cathine (INN) and its salts.............................................

kg..............

Free

2939.44.00

00

Norephedrine and its salts.............................................

kg..............

Free

2939.45.00

00

Levometamfetamine, metamfetamine (INN),
metamfetamine racemate and their salts.....................

kg..............

Free

2939.49.03

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free

10%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg +
104%

15.4¢/kg +

50%

10.6¢/g
Free

59%

15.4¢/kg +

59%

15.4¢/kg +

59%

15.4¢/kg +

59%

15.4¢/kg +

59%

25%

15.4¢/kg +

59%

VI
29-150

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2939 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Alkaloids, natural or reproduced by synthesis, and their salts,
ethers, esters and other derivatives: (con.)

Theophylline and aminophylline (theophylline-
ethylenediamine) and their derivatives; salts thereof:

2939.51.00

00

Fenetylline (INN) and its salts........................................

kg..............

Free

2939.59.00

00

2939.61.00

00

Other.................................................................................
Alkaloids of rye ergot and their derivatives; salts thereof:
Ergometrine and its salts................................................

kg..............

Free

kg..............

Free

2939.62.00

00

Ergotamine and its salts.................................................

kg..............

Free

2939.63.00

00

Lysergic acid and its salts..............................................

kg..............

Free

2939.69.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other, of vegetal origin:

2939.72.00

00

Cocaine, ecgonine; salts, esters and other derivatives
thereof...............................................................................

kg..............

Free

2939.79.00
2939.80.00

00

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg..............
..................

Free
6.5% 1/

10

50

Saxitoxin...........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%
30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

2940.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
29-151

2

XIII. OTHER ORGANIC COMPOUNDS

Sugars, chemically pure, other than sucrose, lactose, maltose,
glucose and fructose; sugar ethers, sugar acetals and sugar
esters, and their salts, other than products of heading 2937,
2938 or 2939:

2940.00.20

00

D-Arabinose............................................................................

kg..............

Free

2940.00.60

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

5.8% 1/

50%

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

2941
2941.10

Antibiotics:

Penicillins and their derivatives with a penicillanic acid
structure; salts thereof:

2941.10.10

00

Ampicillin and its salts....................................................

kg..............

Free

2941.10.20

00

Penicillin G salts..............................................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

2941.10.30

00

Carfecillin, sodium; Cloxacillin, sodium;
Dicloxacillin, sodium; Flucloxacillin (Floxacillin);
and Oxacillin, sodium...............................................

kg..............

Free

2941.10.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free

2941.20
2941.20.10

00

Streptomycins and their derivatives; salts thereof:
Dihydrostreptomycin and its derivatives; salts
thereof...............................................................................

g ................

3.5%

2941.20.50
2941.30.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Tetracyclines and their derivatives; salts thereof...............

g ................
g ................

Free
Free

2941.40.00

00

Chloramphenicol and its derivatives; salts thereof.............

kg..............

Free

2941.50.00

00

Erythromycin and its derivatives; salts thereof...................

g ................

Free

2941.90
2941.90.10

10

50

Other:

Natural..............................................................................
Aminoglycoside antibiotics......................................

..................
kg

Free

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other:

2941.90.30

00

Aromatic or modified aromatic................................

kg..............

Free

2941.90.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

15.4¢/kg +

49%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +
56.5%

25%

25%
25%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

25%

10%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
29-152

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2942.00

Other organic compounds:

Aromatic or modified aromatic:

2942.00.03

00

[2,2'-Thiobis(4-(1,1,3,3-tetramethyl-n-butyl)-
phenolato)(2,1)]-O,O',S-(1-butanamine), nickel II.......

kg..............

Free1/

2942.00.05

00

Drugs..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

2942.00.10

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5% 1/

Other:

2942.00.35

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2942.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

15.4¢/kg +
46.5%

15.4¢/kg +

46%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +
46.5%

15.4¢/kg +
46.5%

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 29 - 153

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.15.
4/ See 9903.88.69.
5/ Pursuant to U.S. note 20(g) to subchapter III, chapter 99, heading 9903.88.04 covers certain goods of this rate line, as indicated by
the footnote; please note that statistical reporting descriptions without a footnote are not covered by that heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 30

PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS

VI
30-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Foods or beverages (such as dietetic, diabetic or fortified foods, food supplements, tonic beverages and mineral waters),

other than nutritional preparations for intravenous administration (section IV);

(b) Products, such as tablets, chewing gum or patches (transdermal systems), containing nicotine and intended to assist tobacco

use cessation (heading 2404);

(c) Plasters specially calcined or finely ground for use in dentistry (heading 2520);

(d) Aqueous distillates or aqueous solutions of essential oils, suitable for medicinal uses (heading 3301);

(e) Preparations of headings 3303 to 3307, even if they have therapeutic or prophylactic properties;

(f) Soap or other products of heading 3401 containing added medicaments;

(g) Preparations with a basis of plaster for use in dentistry (heading 3407);

(h) Blood albumin not prepared for therapeutic or prophylactic uses (heading 3502); or

(ij) Diagnostic reagents of heading 3822.

2.

For the purposes of heading 3002, the expression "immunological products" applies to peptides and proteins (other than goods
of heading 2937) which are directly involved in the regulation of immunological processes, such as monoclonal antibodies (MAB),
antibody fragments, antibody conjugates and antibody fragment conjugates, interleukins, interferons (IFN), chemokines and
certain tumor necrosis factors (TNF), growth factors (GF), hematopoietins and colony stimulating factors (CSF).

3.

For the purposes of headings 3003 and 3004 and of note 4(d) to this chapter the following are to be treated--

(a) As unmixed products:

(1) Unmixed products dissolved in water;

(2) All goods of chapter 28 or 29; and

(3) Simple vegetable extracts of heading 1302, merely standardized or dissolved in any solvent;

(b) As products which have been mixed:

(1) Colloidal solutions and suspensions (other than colloidal sulfur);

(2) Vegetable extracts obtained by the treatment of mixtures of vegetable materials; and

(3) Salts and concentrates obtained by evaporating natural mineral waters.

4. Heading 3006 applies only to the following, which are to be classified in that heading and in no other heading of the tariff schedule:

(a) Sterile surgical catgut, similar sterile suture materials (including sterile absorbable surgical or dental yarns) and sterile tissue

adhesives for surgical wound closure;

(b) Sterile laminaria and sterile laminaria tents;

(c) Sterile absorbable surgical or dental hemostatics, sterile surgical or dental adhesion barriers, whether or not absorbable;

(d) Opacifying preparations for X-ray examinations and diagnostic reagents designed to be administered to the patient, being
unmixed products put up in measured doses or products consisting of two or more ingredients which have been mixed
together for such uses;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
30-2
Notes  (con.)

(e) Placebos and blinded (or double-blinded) clinical trial kits for use in recognized clinical trials, put up in measured doses,

even if they might contain active medicaments.

(f) Dental cements and other dental fillings; bone reconstruction cements;

(g) First-aid boxes and kits;

(h) Chemical contraceptive preparations based on hormones, on other products of heading 2937 or on spermicides;

(ij) Gel preparations designed to be used in human or veterinary medicine as a lubricant for parts of the body for surgical

operations or physical examinations or as a coupling agent between the body and medical instruments;

(k) Waste pharmaceuticals, that is, pharmaceutical products which are unfit for their original intended purpose, for example,

because of expiry of shelf life; and

(l) Appliances identifiable for ostomy use, that is, colostomy, ileostomy and urostomy pouches cut to shape and their adhesive

wafers or faceplates.

Subheading Notes

1.

For the purposes of subheadings 3002.13 and 3002.14, the following are to be treated:

(a) As unmixed products, pure products, whether or not containing impurities;

(b) As products which have been mixed:

(1) The products mentioned in (a) above dissolved in water or in other solvents;

(2) The products mentioned in (a) and (b)(1) above with an added stabilizer necessary for their preservation or transport;

and

(3) The products mentioned in (a), (b)(1) and (b)(2) above with any other additive.

2. Subheadings 3003.60 and 3004.60 cover medicaments containing artemisinin (INN) for oral ingestion combined with other

pharmaceutical active ingredients, or containing any of the following active principles, whether or not combined with other
pharmaceutical active ingredients: amodiaquine (INN); artelinic acid or its salts; artenimol (INN); artemotil (INN); artemether
(INN); artesunate (INN); chloroquine (INN); dihydroartemisinin (INN); lumafantrine (INN); mefloquine (INN); piperaquine
(INN); pyrimethamine (INN) or sulfadoxine (INN).

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3001

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
30-3

Glands and other organs for organotherapeutic uses, dried,
whether or not powdered; extracts of glands or other organs
or of their secretions for organotherapeutic uses; heparin and
its salts; other human or animal substances prepared for
therapeutic or prophylactic uses, not elsewhere specified or
included:

3001.20.00

00

Extracts of glands or other organs or of their secretions....

kg..............

Free

3001.90.01

Other........................................................................................
Glands and other organs, dried, whether or not
powdered:

Liver...........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Heparin......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

10

50

65

95

..................

Free

kg

kg

kg

kg

10%

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
30-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3002

3002.12.00

3002.13.00

3002.14.00

3002.15.00

10

20

30

40

90

10

90

10

90

11

91

Human blood; animal blood prepared for therapeutic,
prophylactic or diagnostic uses; antisera, other blood fractions
and immunological products, whether or not modified or
obtained by means of biotechnological processes; vaccines,
toxins, cultures of micro-organisms (excluding yeasts) and
similar products; cell cultures, whether or not modified:

Antisera, other blood fractions and immunological products,
whether or not modified or obtained by means of
biotechnological processes:

Antisera and other blood fractions................................
Human blood plasma...............................................

..................
kg

Free

Normal human blood sera, whether or not
freeze-dried...............................................................

Human immune blood sera.....................................

Fetal Bovine Serum (FBS)......................................

Other..........................................................................

Immunological products, unmixed, not put up in
measured doses or in forms or packings for retail
sale....................................................................................
Monoclonal antibodies.............................................

Other..........................................................................
Immunological products, mixed, not put up in measured
doses or in forms or packings for retail sale.................
Containing monoclonal antibodies..........................

Other..........................................................................
Immunological products, put up in measured doses or
in forms or packings for retail sale.................................
Containing monoclonal antibodies..........................

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................
kg

Free

kg

..................
kg

Free

kg

..................
kg

Free

Other..........................................................................
Vaccines, toxins, cultures of micro-organisms (excluding
yeasts) and similar products:

kg

3002.41.00

00

Vaccines for human medicine........................................

kg..............

Free

3002.42.00

00

Vaccines for veterinary medicine..................................

kg..............

Free

3002.49.00

10

50

Other.................................................................................
Ricin...........................................................................

..................
kg

Free

Other..........................................................................

kg

Cell cultures, whether or not modified:

3002.51.00

00

Cell therapy products......................................................

kg..............

Free

3002.59.00
3002.90
3002.90.10

3002.90.52

00

00

10

20

50

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

Ferments..........................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other.................................................................................
Whole human blood..................................................

..................
kg

Free

Antiallergenic preparations......................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

25%

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
30-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3003

3003.10.00

00

Medicaments (excluding goods of heading 3002, 3005 or 3006)
consisting of two or more constituents which have been mixed
together for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, not put up in
measured doses or in forms or packings for retail sale:
Containing penicillins or derivatives thereof, with a
penicillanic acid structure, or streptomycins or their
derivatives...............................................................................

kg..............

Free

3003.20.00

00

Other, containing antibiotics.................................................

kg..............

Free

Other, containing hormones or other products of heading
2937:

3003.31.00

00

Containing insulin............................................................

kg..............

Free

3003.39
3003.39.10

00

3003.39.50

00

Other:

Artificial mixtures of natural hormones...................

g ................

Free

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other, containing alkaloids or derivatives thereof:

3003.41.00

00

Containing ephedrine or its salts...................................

kg..............

Free

3003.42.00

00

Containing pseudoephedrine (INN) or its salts............

kg..............

Free

3003.43.00

00

Containing norephedrine or its salts..............................

kg..............

Free

3003.49.00
3003.60.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Other, containing antimalarial active principles described
in subheading note 2 to this chapter....................................

kg..............

Free

kg..............

Free

3003.90.01

Other........................................................................................

..................

Free

20

40

60

80
90

Anti-infective medicaments:

Antivirals....................................................................

Antifungals.................................................................

Antiprotozoals (excluding goods described in
subheading note 2 to this chapter).........................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

15.4¢/kg +

49%

25%

25%

25%

30%

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

30%

VI
30-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3004

3004.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Medicaments (excluding goods of heading 3002, 3005 or 3006)
consisting of mixed or unmixed products for therapeutic or
prophylactic uses, put up in measured doses (including those
in the form of transdermal administration systems) or in forms
or packings for retail sale:

Containing penicillins or derivatives thereof, with a
penicillanic acid structure, or streptomycins or their
derivatives:

15.4¢/kg +

49%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

25%

3004.10.10

Containing penicillin G salts...........................................

..................

Free

3004.10.50

3004.20.00

10

20

45

10

48

49

55

65
75

10

20

30

45

55

65

70

71

72

76

80

83

For veterinary use.....................................................

kg

Other:

Singles................................................................

kg

Combination antibiotics.....................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

Free

For veterinary use.....................................................

kg

Other:

Combination antibiotics:

Containing piperacillin and tazobactam or
its salts.........................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Containing amoxicillin or its salts:

For oral suspension..............................

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Other, containing antibiotics.................................................
For veterinary use............................................................

kg
kg
..................
kg

Free

Other:

Erythromycin, singles or in combination with other
antibiotics..................................................................

Tetracycline, singles or in combination with other
antibiotics..................................................................

Other:

Containing azithromycin or its salts.................

Containing clindamycin or its salts..................

Containing doxycycline or its salts...................

Containing cefdinir or its salts..........................

Containing cefepime or its salts.......................

Containing ceftazidime or its salts...................

Containing meropenem or its salts..................

Containing vancomycin or its salts..................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3004 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
30-7

Medicaments (excluding goods of heading 3002, 3005 or 3006)
consisting of mixed or unmixed products for therapeutic or
prophylactic uses, put up in measured doses (including those
in the form of transdermal administration systems) or in forms
or packings for retail sale: (con.)

Other, containing hormones or other products of heading
2937:

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

3004.31.00

00

Containing insulin............................................................

kg..............

Free

3004.32.00

3004.39.00

10

40

60

10

20

30

40

45

55

Containing corticosteroid hormones their derivatives
or structural analogues...................................................
Containing dexamethasone or its salts..................

..................
kg

Free

Containing methylprednisolone or its salts............

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
For veterinary use.....................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free

Other:

Containing epinephrine.....................................

Containing levothyroxine or its salts................

Containing norepinephrine................................

Containing vasopressin.....................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other, containing alkaloids or derivatives thereof:

3004.41.00

00

Containing ephedrine or its salts...................................

kg..............

Free

3004.42.00

00

Containing pseudoephedrine (INN) or its salts............

kg..............

Free

3004.43.00

00

Containing norephedrine or its salts..............................

kg..............

Free

3004.49.00

05

10

20

30

40
50

60

70

Other.................................................................................
For veterinary use.....................................................

..................
kg

Free

Other:

Cardiovascular medicaments...........................

kg

Medicaments primarily affecting the central
nervous system:

Anticonvulsants, hypnotics, and
sedatives......................................................

Antidepressants, tranquilizers and other
psychotherapeutic agents..........................

Other.............................................................

Dermatological agents and local
anesthetics.........................................................

Medicaments primarily affecting the eyes, ears
or respiratory system.........................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

VI
30-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3004 (con.)

3004.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Medicaments (excluding goods of heading 3002, 3005 or 3006)
consisting of mixed or unmixed products for therapeutic or
prophylactic uses, put up in measured doses (including those
in the form of transdermal administration systems) or in forms
or packings for retail sale: (con.)

Other, containing vitamins or other products of heading
2936:

Containing vitamins synthesized wholly or in part from
aromatic or modified aromatic industrial organic
compounds:

3004.50.10

00

Vitamin B2..................................................................

kg..............

Free

3004.50.20

00

Vitamin B12.................................................................

kg..............

Free

3004.50.30

00

Vitamin E...................................................................

kg..............

Free

3004.50.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free

3004.50.50

3004.60.00

05

10

20

30

40
00

Other.................................................................................
For veterinary use.....................................................

..................
kg

Free

Other:

Single vitamins

Combined with minerals or other
nutrients.......................................................

Other.............................................................

Multiple vitamins:

Combined with minerals or other
nutrients.......................................................

Other.............................................................
Other, containing antimalarial active principles described
in subheading note 2 to this chapter....................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

Free

30%

15.4¢/kg +

62%

15.4¢/kg +
145.5%

15.4¢/kg +
63.5%

15.4¢/kg +

49%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
30-9

Medicaments (excluding goods of heading 3002, 3005 or 3006)
consisting of mixed or unmixed products for therapeutic or
prophylactic uses, put up in measured doses (including those
in the form of transdermal administration systems) or in forms
or packings for retail sale: (con.)

Other:

Containing antigens or hyaluronic acid or its sodium
salt.....................................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other.................................................................................
For veterinary use.....................................................

..................
kg

Free

Other:

Anti-infective medicaments:

Antivirals:

Free

30%

Containing acyclovir or its salts..........

Containing oseltamivir or its salts.......

Containing valganciclovir, peramivir
or their salts...........................................

Other......................................................

Antifungals:

Containing fluconazole or its salts......

Other......................................................
Antiprotozoals (excluding goods described
in subheading note 2 to this chapter):
Containing metronidazole or its
salts........................................................

Other......................................................
Sulfonamides...............................................

Other:

Containing levofloxacin or its salts......

Containing linezolid or its salts...........

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

Antineoplastic and immunosuppressive
medicaments......................................................

kg..............

Cardiovascular medicaments:

Containing metoprolol or its salts..............

Containing amiodarone or its salts............

Containing diltiazem or its salts.................

Containing hydralazine or its salts............

Containing enoxaparin or its salts.............

Containing labetalol or its salts..................

Containing argatroban, adenosine,
amlodipine, esmolol, dobutamine,
phenoxybenzamine or their salts...............

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3004 (con.)

3004.90
3004.90.10

00

3004.90.92

01

03

04

05

06

07

08

09

10
11

12

13

15
16

17

18

19

20

22

23

24

25

VI
30-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3004 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Medicaments (excluding goods of heading 3002, 3005 or 3006)
consisting of mixed or unmixed products for therapeutic or
prophylactic uses, put up in measured doses (including those
in the form of transdermal administration systems) or in forms
or packings for retail sale: (con.)

3004.90
(con.)
3004.90.92
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other (con.)

Other: (con.)

Medicaments primarily affecting the central
nervous system:

Analgesics, antipyretics and nonhormonal
anti-inflammatory agents:

Tolmetin.................................................

kg..............

Tolmetin sodium dihydrate..................

Tolmetin sodium (anhydrous).............

Containing ibuprofen or its salts:

For oral suspension.......................

Other...............................................
Containing acetaminophen or its salts:
For oral suspension.......................

Other...............................................

Containing O-Acetylsalicylic acid
(Aspirin).................................................

Containing tramadol.............................

Other......................................................
Anticonvulsants, hypnotics and sedatives:

Containing dexmedetomidine,
etomidate, midazolam, propofol or
their salts...............................................

Containing midazolam or its salts.......

Containing phenytoin or its salts.........

Containing propofol or its salts...........

Containing levetiracetam, phenytoin
or their salts...........................................

Containing etomidate or its salts........

Other......................................................
Antidepressants, tranquilizers, and other
psychotherapeutic agents:

Containing lorazepam or its salts.......

Containing olanzapine or its salts.......

Other......................................................

Other:

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Containing rocuronium or its salts......

kg

Containing succinylcholine or its
salts........................................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

26

27

28

29

30

32

33
34

35

36

37

38

39

40

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

49

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3004 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
30-11

2

Medicaments (excluding goods of heading 3002, 3005 or 3006)
consisting of mixed or unmixed products for therapeutic or
prophylactic uses, put up in measured doses (including those
in the form of transdermal administration systems) or in forms
or packings for retail sale: (con.)

3004.90
(con.)
3004.90.92
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other (con.)

Other: (con.)

50

51

52

53

54

55

56

57

58

60

61

62

63

64

65

66

67

68

69

70
71

72

73

Dermatological agents and local anesthetics:
Containing lidocaine or its salts.................

Other.............................................................
Medicaments primarily affecting the digestive
system:

Laxatives......................................................

Antacids.......................................................

Containing famotidine or its salts..............

Containing pantoprazole or its salts..........

Containing ondansetron or its salts...........

Containing glycopyrrolate or its salts........

Containing loperamide or its salts.............

Other.............................................................
Preparations pimarily affecting the electrolytic,
caloric or water balance:

Diuretics:

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Containing furosemide and its salts....

kg

Containing hydrochlorothiazide or its
salts........................................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Containing calcium gluconate.............

Containing potassium chloride...........

Containing sodium bicarbonate, in
injection form........................................

Other......................................................
Medicaments primarily affecting the eyes, ears,
or respiratory system:

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Cough and cold preparations....................

kg

Other:

Antihistamines:

Containing diphenhydramine or its
salts.................................................

Other...............................................
Containing albuterol sulfate.................

Other:

Containing timolol maleate...........

Other...............................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

VI
30-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3004 (con.)

3004.90
(con.)
3004.90.92
(con.)

74

75

76

3005

3005.10

3005.10.10

00

3005.10.50
3005.90
3005.90.10

00

00

3005.90.50

10

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Medicaments (excluding goods of heading 3002, 3005 or 3006)
consisting of mixed or unmixed products for therapeutic or
prophylactic uses, put up in measured doses (including those
in the form of transdermal administration systems) or in forms
or packings for retail sale: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containing heparin sodium or its salts......

Containing zoledronic acid or its salts......

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

Wadding, gauze, bandages and similar articles (for example,
dressings, adhesive plasters, poultices), impregnated or coated
with pharmaceutical substances or put up in forms or packings
for retail sale for medical, surgical, dental or veterinary
purposes:

Adhesive dressings and other articles having an adhesive
layer:

Coated or impregnated with pharmaceutical
substances.......................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

Coated or impregnated with pharmaceutical
substances.......................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other.................................................................................
Laparotomy sponges................................................

..................
kg

Free

Other..........................................................................

kg

20%

40%

20%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
30-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3006
3006.10.01

00

Pharmaceutical goods specified in note 4 to this chapter:
Sterile surgical catgut, similar sterile suture materials
(including sterile absorbable surgical or dental yarns) and
sterile tissue adhesives for surgical wound closure; sterile
laminaria and sterile laminaria tents; sterile absorbable
surgical or dental hemostatics; sterile surgical or dental
adhesion barriers, whether or not absorbable....................

kg..............

Free

3006.30

Opacifying preparations for X-ray examinations; diagnostic
reagents designed to be administered to the patient:

3006.30.10

00

Containing antigens or antisera.....................................

kg..............

Free

3006.30.50
3006.40.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free

Dental cements and other dental fillings; bone
reconstruction cements.........................................................

kg..............

Free

3006.50.00

00

First-aid boxes and kits.........................................................

kg..............

Free

3006.60.00

00

3006.70.00

00

Chemical contraceptive preparations based on hormones,
on other products of heading 2937 or on spermicides......

kg..............

Free

Gel preparations designed to be used in human or
veterinary medicine as a lubricant for parts of the body for
surgical operations or physical examinations or as a
coupling agent between the body and medical
instruments.............................................................................

kg..............

5%

40%

Free

45%

20%

45%

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
30-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

3006 (con.)

Pharmaceutical goods specified in note 4 to this chapter: (con.)

Other:

3006.91.00

00

Appliances identifiable for ostomy use.........................

kg..............

4.2%

3006.92.00

00

Waste pharmaceuticals..................................................

kg..............

Free

3006.93

3006.93.10

00

3006.93.20

00

Placebos and blinded (or double-blinded) clinical trial
kits for a recognized clinical trial, put up in measured
doses:

Packaged with medicinal preparations..................

kg..............

Free

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

30%

Containing over 10 percent by dry weight of
sugar1/........................................................................

kg..............

40¢/kg + 10.4%2/

Free (BH, CL, JO,
KR, OM, SG)

47.4¢/kg
+12.2%

3006.93.50

00

Containing ingredients having nutritional value, in
which starch or other foodstuff predominates by
weight.........................................................................

kg..............

6.4%2/

3006.93.60

00

In liquid form for oral intake.....................................

liters..........

0.2¢/liter3/

3006.93.80

00

Placebos and clinical trial kits containing other
chemicals other than medicaments........................

kg..............

5%3/

See 9822.05.20 (P+)
See 9822.06.10 (PE)
See 9822.08.01

(CO)

See 9822.09.17 (PA)
See 9823.10.01-
9823.10.45 (S+)

See 9822.03.01

(MA)

20%

4¢/liter

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 30 - 15

1/ See 9904.17.49-9904.17.65.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 31

FERTILIZERS

VI
31-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Animal blood of heading 0511;

(b) Separate chemically defined compounds (other than those answering to the descriptions in note 2(a), 3(a), 4(a) or 5, below);

or

(c) Cultured potassium chloride crystals (other than optical elements) weighing not less than 2.5 g each, of heading 3824; optical

elements of potassium chloride (heading 9001).

2. Heading 3102 applies only to the following goods, provided that they are not put up in the forms or packages described in heading

3105:

(a) Goods which answer to one or other of the descriptions given below:

(i) Sodium nitrate, whether or not pure;

(ii) Ammonium nitrate, whether or not pure;

(iii) Double salts (whether or not pure) of ammonium sulfate and ammonium nitrate;

(iv) Ammonium sulfate, whether or not pure;

(v) Double salts (whether or not pure) or mixtures of calcium nitrate and ammonium nitrate;

(vi) Double salts (whether or not pure) or mixtures of calcium nitrate and magnesium nitrate;

(vii) Calcium cyanamide, whether or not pure or treated with oil;

(viii) Urea, whether or not pure.

(b) Fertilizers consisting of any of the goods described in (a) above mixed together.

(c) Fertilizers consisting of ammonium chloride or of any of the goods described in (a) or (b) above mixed with chalk, gypsum

or other inorganic nonfertilizing substances.

(d) Liquid fertilizers consisting of the goods of subparagraph (a)(ii) or (a)(viii) above, or of mixtures of those goods, in an aqueous

or ammoniacal solution.

3. Heading 3103 applies only to the following goods, provided that they are not put up in the forms or packages described in heading

3105:

(a) Goods which answer to one or other of the descriptions given below:

(i) Basic slag;

(ii) Natural phosphates of heading 2510, calcined or further heat-treated than for the removal of impurities;

(iii) Superphosphates (single, double or triple);

(iv) Calcium hydrogenorthophosphate containing not less than 0.2 percent by weight of fluorine calculated on the dry

anhydrous product.

(b) Fertilizers consisting of any of the goods described in (a) above, mixed together, but with no account being taken of the

fluorine content limit.

(c) Fertilizers consisting of any of the goods described in (a) or (b) above, but with no account being taken of the fluorine content

limit, mixed with chalk, gypsum or other inorganic nonfertilizing substances.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
31-2
Notes (con.)

4. Heading 3104 applies only to the following goods, provided that they are not put up in the forms or packages described in heading

3105:

(a) Goods which answer to one or other of the descriptions given below:

(i) Crude natural potassium salts (for example, carnallite, kainite and sylvite);

(ii) Potassium chloride, whether or not pure, except as provided in note 1(c) above;

(iii) Potassium sulfate, whether or not pure;

(iv) Magnesium potassium sulfate, whether or not pure.

(b) Fertilizers consisting of any of the goods described in (a) above mixed together.

5. Ammonium dihydrogenorthophosphate (monoammonium phosphate) and diammonium hydrogenorthophosphate (diammonium

phosphate), whether or not pure, and intermediates thereof, are to be classified in heading 3105.

6.

For the purposes of heading 3105, the term "other fertilizers" applies only to products of a kind used as fertilizers and containing,
as an essential constituent, at least one of the fertilizing elements nitrogen, phosphorus or potassium.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
31-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3101.00.00

00

3102
3102.10.00

10

30

50

Animal or vegetable fertilizers, whether or not mixed together
or chemically treated; fertilizers produced by the mixing or
chemical treatment of animal or vegetable products................

t .................

Free1/

Mineral or chemical fertilizers, nitrogenous:

Urea, whether or not in aqueous solution............................
Solid urea.........................................................................

..................
t

Free1/

Other:

Diesel exhaust fluid (DEF) of a kind meeting ISO
22241.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Ammonium sulfate; double salts and mixtures of ammonium
sulfate and ammonium nitrate:

t

t

3102.21.00

00

Ammonium sulfate...........................................................

t .................

3102.29.00
3102.30.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Ammonium nitrate, whether or not in aqueous solution......

t .................
t .................

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

3102.40.00

00

Mixtures of ammonium nitrate with calcium carbonate or
other inorganic nonfertilizing substances............................

t .................

Free1/

3102.50.00

00

Sodium nitrate........................................................................

t .................

Free1/

3102.60.00

00

Double salts and mixtures of calcium nitrate and
ammonium nitrate..................................................................

3102.80.00

00

Mixtures of urea and ammonium nitrate in aqueous or
ammoniacal solution..............................................................

3102.90.01

00

Other, including mixtures not specified in the foregoing
subheadings...........................................................................

t .................

Free1/

t .................

Free1/

t .................

Free1/

3103

Mineral or chemical fertilizers, phosphatic:

Superphosphates:

3103.11.00

00

Containing by weight 35 percent or more of
diphosphorous pentaoxide (P2O5).................................

t .................

Free1/

3103.19.00
3103.90.01

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

t .................
t .................

Free1/
Free1/

3104
3104.20.00

10

50

3104.30.00

00

Mineral or chemical fertilizers, potassic:

Potassium chloride.................................................................
Containing not more than 62 percent by weight of
potassium oxide (K2O)....................................................

..................

Free1/

t

Containing more than 62 percent by weight of
potassium oxide (K2O)....................................................
Potassium sulfate...................................................................

t
t .................

3104.90.01

00

Other........................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Free
Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free
Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
31-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3105

3105.10.00

00

Mineral or chemical fertilizers containing two or three of the
fertilizing elements nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium; other
fertilizers; goods of this chapter in tablets or similar forms or
in packages of a gross weight not exceeding 10 kg:

Products of this chapter in tablets or similar forms or in
packages of a gross weight not exceeding 10 kg..............

3105.20.00

00

Mineral or chemical fertilizers containing the three fertilizing
elements nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium..................

3105.30.00

00

Diammonium hydrogenorthophosphate (Diammonium
phosphate)..............................................................................

3105.40.00

Ammonium dihydrogenorthophosphate (Monoammonium
phosphate) and mixtures thereof with diammonium
hydrogenorthophosphate (Diammonium phosphate)........

Ammonium dihydrogenorthophosphate
(Monoammonium phosphate)........................................

Other.................................................................................

Other mineral or chemical fertilizers containing the two
fertilizing elements nitrogen and phosphorus:

10

50

kg..............

Free1/

t .................

Free1/

t .................

Free1/

..................

Free1/

t

t

3105.51.00

00

Containing nitrates and phosphates.............................

t .................

Free1/

3105.59.00
3105.60.00

00
00

3105.90.00

10

50

Other.................................................................................
Mineral or chemical fertilizers containing the two fertilizing
elements phosphorus and potassium..................................

t .................

Free1/

t .................

Free1/

Other........................................................................................
Potassium nitrate-sodium nitrate mixtures...................

..................
t

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

t

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 31 - 5

1/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 32

TANNING OR DYEING EXTRACTS;
TANNINS AND THEIR DERIVATIVES; DYES,
PIGMENTS AND OTHER COLORING MATTER;
PAINTS AND VARNISHES; PUTTY AND OTHER MASTICS; INKS

VI
32-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Separate chemically defined elements or compounds (except those of heading 3203 or 3204, inorganic products of a kind

used as luminophores (heading 3206), glass obtained from fused quartz or other fused silica in the forms provided for in
heading 3207, and also dyes and other coloring matter put up in forms or packings for retail sale, of heading 3212);

(b) Tannates or other tannin derivatives of products of headings 2936 to 2939, 2941 or 3501 to 3504; or

(c) Mastics of asphalt or other bituminous mastics (heading 2715).

2. Heading 3204 includes mixtures of stabilized diazonium salts and couplers for the production of azo dyes.

3. Headings 3203, 3204, 3205 and 3206 apply also to preparations based on coloring matter (including, in the case of heading

3206, coloring pigments of heading 2530 or chapter 28, metal flakes and metal powders), of a kind used for coloring any material
or used as ingredients in the manufacture of coloring preparations. The headings do not apply, however, to pigments dispersed
in nonaqueous media, in liquid or paste form, of a kind used in the manufacture of paints, including enamels (heading 3212), or
to other preparations of heading 3207, 3208, 3209, 3210, 3212, 3213 or 3215.

4. Heading 3208 includes solutions (other than collodions) consisting of any of the products specified in headings 3901 to 3913 in

volatile organic solvents when the weight of the solvent exceeds 50 percent of the weight of the solution.

5.

6.

The expression "coloring matter" in this chapter does not include products of a kind used as extenders in oil paints, whether or
not they are also suitable for coloring distempers.

The expression "stamping foils" in heading 3212 applies only to thin sheets of a kind used for printing, for example, book covers
or hat bands, and consisting of--

(a) Metallic powder (including powder of precious metal) or pigment, agglomerated with glue, gelatin or other binder; or

(b) Metal (including precious metal) or pigment, deposited on a supporting sheet of any material.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of subheadings 3204.11.10, 3204.12.20 and 3204.16.20, the term "dyes containing, by weight" means those
products which contain as the only dye components, the specified components listed therewith, each of which must be present
in the product. A tolerance of plus or minus two percentage points from the named percentages is allowable.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
32-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3201

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tanning extracts of vegetable origin; tannins and their salts,
ethers, esters and other derivatives:

3201.10.00

00

Quebracho extract.................................................................

kg..............

3201.20.00

00

Wattle extract..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

3201.90
3201.90.10

00

Other:

Tannic acid, containing by weight 50 percent or more
of tannic acid....................................................................

kg..............

1.5%1/

3201.90.25

00

Extracts of canaigre, chestnut, curupay, divi-divi,
eucalyptus, gambier, hemlock, larch, mangrove,
myrobalan, oak, sumac, tara, urunday or valonia........

kg..............

Free1/

3201.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

3202

3202.10
3202.10.10

00

Synthetic organic tanning substances; inorganic tanning
substances; tanning preparations, whether or not containing
natural tanning substances; enzymatic preparations for
pre-tanning:

Synthetic organic tanning substances:

Aromatic or modified aromatic.......................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3202.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3202.90
3202.90.10

00

Other:

Consisting wholly of inorganic subtances.....................

kg..............

3202.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5%1/

3203.00

3203.00.10

00

3203.00.30

00

Coloring matter of vegetable or animal origin (including dyeing
extracts but excluding animal black), whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on coloring matter of vegetable or animal origin:

Annato, archil, cochineal, cudbear, litmus, logwood and
marigold meal.........................................................................

Mixtures of 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl-2,4,6-trihydroxy-
phenylmethanone and 2-(2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-3,5,7-
trihydroxy-4H-1-benzopyran-4-one......................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

3203.00.80

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

Free2/

Free

8%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

15%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
48.5%

41.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free

15%

15%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
32-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204

3204.11
3204.11.10

00

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined:

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter:

Disperse dyes and preparations based thereon:

Disperse blue 19, 26, 26:1, 35, 55, 56, 58, 72, 73,
79, 83, 84, 93, 95, 122, 125, 126, 128, 148, 154,
165, 180, 183, 185, 200, 284, 285, 288, 289, 295,
296; Disperse brown 19; Disperse green 9;
Disperse orange 7, 13, 20, 31, 32, 42, 47, 48, 54,
56, 60, 63, 70, 80, 96, 127, 137, 139; Disperse
red 44, 46, 72, 73, 90, 93, 107, 118, 121, 122,
131, 133, 134,151, 169, 184, 185, 202, 203, 224,
277, 278, 279, 282, 288, 303, 310; Disperse violet
23, 33, 35, 48, 57, 63; Disperse yellow 13, 44, 58,
63, 65, 82, 85, 91, 107, 119, 122, 124, 126, 139,
182, 183, 184, 202, 204; Dyes containing, by
weight-- 12.7 percent Disperse Yellow 1, 32.3
percent Disperse Orange 1, 19.8 percent Disperse
Blue 35, and 35.2 percent Disperse Blue 3; Dyes
containing, by weight-- 39.0 percent Disperse
Yellow 39, 28.0 percent Disperse Orange 25, and
33.0 percent Disperse Violet 27; Dyes containing,
by weight-- 89.4 percent Disperse Violet 27, and
10.6 percent Disperse Green 9; Dyes containing,
by weight-- 67.7 percent Disperse Blue 35, 14.2
percent Disperse Yellow 1, and 18.1 percent
Disperse Orange 1; Dyes containing, by weight--
74.3 percent Disperse Blue 285, 18.0 percent
Disperse Brown 19, and 7.7 percent Disperse
Yellow 126.................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.11.15

00

Disperse blue 30.......................................................

kg..............

6.5%

3204.11.18

00

N-[2-[(2,6-Dicyano-4-methylphenylazo]-5-
(diethylamino)-phenyl] methanesulfonamide; and
N-[2-[2,6-Dicyano-4-methylphenylazo]-5-
(di-1-propylamino) phenyl]methanesulfonamide...

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

3204.11.35

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.11.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

52.5%

51.9%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

63.5%

63.5%

63.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
32-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.12

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)
Acid dyes, whether or not premetallized, and
preparations based thereon; mordant dyes and
preparations based thereon:

3204.12.05

00

Acid black 210 powder and presscake..................

kg..............

3204.12.13

00

Acid violet 19.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

72%

51%

3204.12.17

00

Acid black 31, 50, 94, 129; Acid blue 54, 127, 129,
143; Acid brown 44, 46, 48, 58, 188, 189; Acid
green 40; Acid red 130, 145, 174, 211; Acid violet
31, 41, 48; Acid yellow 2, 75; Mordant black 8;
Mordant green 47; andMordant red 17, 27...........

kg..............

6.5%1/

51%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
32-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.12
(con.)

3204.12.20

00

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)
Acid dyes, whether or not premetallized, and
preparations based thereon; mordant dyes and
preparations based thereon: (con.)

Acid black 61, 63, 76, 83, 117, 127, 131, 132, 139,
164, 170, 177, 183, 188, 194, 199, 211; Acid blue
1, 47, 60, 61, 66, 72, 81, 82, 83, 90, 98, 102, 112,
123, 126, 127:1, 130, 133, 140, 142, 147, 151,
172, 175, 182, 185, 193, 204, 205, 208, 209, 221,
225, 229, 239, 242, 247, 250, 252, 254, 260, 261,
264, 266, 268, 280, 284, 288, 290, 296, 312, 317,
318; Acid brown 10, 11, 12, 30, 33, 45, 50, 52, 68,
83, 85, 100, 101, 103, 104, 105, 106, 126, 127,
147, 158, 160, 161, 162, 163, 165, 180, 191, 224,
226, 227, 235, 237, 239, 248, 266, 267, 270, 276,
282, 283, 289, 290, 291, 298, 304, 311, 314, 315,
321, 322, 324, 325, 330, 331, 355, 357, 358, 359,
360, 361, 362, 384; Acid green 9, 26, 28, 41, 43,
60, 68, 70, 71, 73, 80, 82, 84, 89, 92, 93, 94, 108,
112; Acid orange 3, 19, 28, 33, 43, 47, 61, 86, 89,
92, 94, 102, 107, 126, 135, 142, 144; Acid red 37,
42, 48, 52, 57, 58, 92, 111, 118, 127, 131, 138,
143, 155, 161, 183, 199, 213, 215, 216, 226, 227,
228, 249, 252, 257, 259, 260, 261, 263, 274, 281,
282, 283, 301, 303, 310, 315, 330, 331, 332, 336,
347, 357, 359, 360, 361, 362, 380, 392, 394, 396;
Acid violet 9, 34, 36, 47, 66, 75, 80, 90, 103, 109,
111, 121; Acid yellow 7, 35, 64, 70, 72, 96, 98,
111, 127, 136, 155, 167, 183, 184, 194, 195, 199,
218, 221, 223, 227; Copper
phthalocyanine-3,3',4,4'-tetrasulfonic acid; Copper
phthalocyanine-4,4ʻ,4'',4'''-tetrasulfonic acid; Dyes
containing, by weight--24.2 percent Acid Yellow
135, 21.7 percent Acid Orange 51, and 54.1
percent Acid Blue 113; Dyes containing, by
weight-- 10.1 percent Acid Yellow 64, 11.6 percent
Acid Orange 51, 26.3 percent Acid Blue 113, 50.5
percent Acid Black 172, and 1.5 percent Acid
Green 25....................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.12.30

00

Mordant black 75; Mordant blue 1; Mordant brown
79; and Mordant red 81, 84.....................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

53.4%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
32-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.12
(con.)

3204.12.45

00

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)
Acid dyes, whether or not premetallized, and
preparations based thereon; mordant dyes and
preparations based thereon: (con.)

Other:

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.12.50

Other...................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

10

20

30

90

FD&C red 40 (CAS No. 25956-17-6).......

FD&C yellow 5 (CAS No. 1934-21-0).......

FD&C yellow 6 (CAS No. 2783-94-0).......

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

72%

72%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
32-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.13
3204.13.10

00

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)
Basic dyes and preparations based thereon:

Basic black 7; Basic blue 41, 45, 48, 55, 62, 66,
70, 71, 78, 80, 81, 120, 141; Basic green 6, 8;
Basic orange 30, 35, 36, 37, 43, 44, 48; Basic red
22, 23, 28, 29, 43, 44, 46, 58, 75, 100; Basic violet
2, 22, 25, 37, 38; and Basic yellow 19, 23, 24, 25,
39, 40, 45, 54, 56, 63, 70, 77..................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.13.20

00

Basic orange 22 and Basic red 13.........................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.13.25

00

Basic blue 3; Basic red 14; and Basic yellow 1, 11,
13................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.13.45

00

3204.13.60

00

3,7-Bis(dimethylamino) phenazathionium chloride
(Methylene blue); and Basic blue 147....................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.13.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

52.3%

51.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

65.4%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

71.7%

71.7%

71.7%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)
Direct dyes and preparations based thereon:

Direct black 62, 91; Direct blue 92, 106, 108, 109,
160, 172; Direct brown 103, 115, 116; Direct green
5, 29, 31; and Direct orange 37..............................

kg..............

6.5%1/

51.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
32-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.14
3204.14.10

00

3204.14.20

00

Direct black 51, 69, 112, 114, 118, 122; Direct
blue 74, 77, 85, 90, 156, 158, 158:1, 207, 211,
225, 244, 267; Direct brown 97, 113, 157, 169,
170, 200, 212, 214; Direct green 33, 59, 67, 68;
Direct orange 17, 60, 105, 106, 107, 118; Direct
red 9, 89, 92, 95, 111, 127, 173, 207, 221; Direct
violet 47, 93; and Direct yellow 27, 39, 68, 93, 95,
96, 98, 109, 110, 133, 134......................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.14.25

00

Direct blue 86; Direct red 83; and Direct yellow
28................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.14.30

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

3204.14.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

54.7%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

67.3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

67.3%

67.3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
32-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.15

3204.15.10

00

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)
Vat dyes (including those usable in that state as
pigments) and preparations based thereon:

Vat blue 1 (synthetic indigo),"Colour Index No.
73000"........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

3204.15.20

00

Vat brown 3; Vat orange 2, 7; and Vat violet 9,
13................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.15.25

00

3204.15.30

00

Vat red 1....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Solubilized vat blue 5; Solubilized vat orange 1;
Solubilized vat yellow 7, 45, 47; Vat black 19, 30,
31; Vat blue 5, 16, 19, 21, 66, 67; Vat brown 33,
50, 57; Vat green 28, 48; Vat orange 5, 13; Vat red
10, 15, 32, 41; and Vat yellow 46...........................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.15.35

00

Solubilized vat orange 3; Vat blue 2; Vat red 44;
and Vat yellow 4, 20.................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.15.40

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

3204.15.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg + 29%

64.5%

75.3%

48.1%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

52.3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75.3%

75.3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)
Reactive dyes and preparations based thereon:

Reactive black 1; Reactive blue 1, 2, 4; Reactive
orange 1; Reactive red 1, 2, 3, 5, 6; and Reactive
yellow 1......................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

50.8%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
32-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.16
3204.16.10

00

3204.16.20

00

Dyes containing, by weight-- 71.0 percent Reactive
Yellow 85, and 29.0 percent Reactive Orange 13;
Dyes containing, by weight--50.0 percent Reactive
Red 120, and 50.0 percent Reactive Yellow 84;
Dyes containing, by weight-- 50.0 percent Reactive
Blue 74, and 50.0 percent Reactive Blue 63; Dyes
containing, by weight--66.7 percent Reactive
Orange 12, and 33.3 percent Reactive Red 32;
Dyes containing, by weight-- 57.9 percent Reactive
Blue 13, and 42.1 percent Reactive Black 41;
Reactive black 4, 10, 13, 21, 23, 26, 34, 35, 41;
Reactive blue 6, 7, 8, 10, 13, 18, 19, 21, 22, 23,
24, 26, 27, 29, 34, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 50,
51, 52, 63, 65, 66, 67, 69, 73, 74, 75, 77, 78, 79,
82, 94, 99, 103, 104, 114, 116, 118, 136, 137,
139, 140, 156, 157, 160, 162, 163, 167, 170;
Reactive brown 2, 5, 7, 12, 16, 18, 19, 23, 26;
Reactive green 5, 6, 8, 12, 15, 16, 19; Reactive
orange 3, 5, 9, 10, 11, 15, 20, 29, 33, 34, 35, 41,
42, 44, 45, 62, 64, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 82, 84, 89;
Reactive red 4, 7, 8, 10, 12, 13, 16, 17, 19, 21,
24, 29, 30, 32, 40, 42, 44, 45, 49, 55, 56, 66, 78,
80, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 99, 104, 116, 118, 119,
121, 122, 123, 124, 132, 134, 141, 151, 152, 159,
179; Reactive violet 3, 6, 12, 23, 24; and Reactive
yellow 2, 4, 5, 6, 11, 12, 15, 25, 27, 29, 35, 37, 39,
41, 42, 52, 57, 58, 64, 81, 82, 85, 87, 110, 125,
135.............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.16.30

00

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

3204.16.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

47.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

63.8%

63.8%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
32-11

2

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)
Pigments and preparations based thereon:

Pigment black 1; Pigment blue 16, 18; Pigment
brown 22, 23, 25, 32; Pigment green 8; Pigment
orange 31, 34, 36, 51; Pigment red 9, 14, 34, 48:3,
52, 68, 112, 139, 144, 146, 151, 166, 169,170,
171, 175, 176, 177, 180, 185, 188, 192, 199, 208,
209, 216, 220, 221; Pigment violet 32; and
Pigment yellow 16, 24, 49, 62:1, 81, 93, 95, 97,
108, 109, 110, 113, 117, 127, 153.........................

..................

6.5%1/

46.8%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Pigment blue 16.................................................

Pigment orange 31............................................

Pigment orange 36............................................

Pigment red 144.................................................

Pigment red 166.................................................

Pigment red 177.................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Pigment red 178; Pigment yellow 101, 138...........

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Copper phthalocyanine ([Phthalocyanato(2-)]-
copper), not ready for use as a pigment................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Isoindolenine red pigment; Pigment red 214, 242,
254; Pigment red 149 dry and pigment red 149
presscake; and Pigment yellow 155, 183..............
Pigment red 149.................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Pigment red 214.................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

46.8%

15.4¢/kg +

48%

72%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.17
3204.17.04

05

15

20

25

30

35

85
00

3204.17.08

3204.17.20

00

3204.17.40

15

30

90

VI
32-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.17
(con.)

3204.17.60

3204.17.90

05

10

15

20

85

02

03

06

10

15

18

19

21

25

30

35

40

46

47

50

55

60

86

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)

Pigments and preparations based thereon: (con.)

Other:

Products described in additional U.S. note 3
to section VI........................................................

..................

6.5%1/

Pigment blue 15..........................................

Pigment blue 15:1.......................................

Pigment blue 15:2.......................................

Pigment blue 15:4.......................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

6.5%1/

72%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, L, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Pigment blue 15:3, dry, presscake or
aqueous slurry.............................................

Preparations based on pigment blue
15:3...............................................................

Pigment blue 61..........................................

Pigment green 7..........................................

Pigment green 36........................................

Pigment red 57:1, dry, presscake or
aqueous slurry.............................................

Preparations based on pigment
red 57:1........................................................

Pigment red 122..........................................

Pigment red 149..........................................

Pigment red 179..........................................

Pigment violet 19.........................................

Pigment violet 23.........................................

Pigment yellow 12, dry, presscake or
aqueous slurry.............................................

Preparations based on pigment
yellow 12......................................................

Pigment yellow 13.......................................

Pigment yellow 74.......................................

Pigment yellow 75.......................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
32-13

2

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)

Carotenoid coloring matters and preparations based
thereon..............................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other, including mixtures of coloring matter of two or
more of the subheadings 3204.11 to 3204.19:

Solvent dyes and preparations based thereon:

Solvent yellow 43, 44, 85, 172.........................

kg..............

Free1/

64.1%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.18.00

00

3204.19

3204.19.06

00

3204.19.11

00

Solvent black 2, 3, 27, 28, 29, 34, 35; Solvent
blue 45, 49, 51, 53, 56, 67, 97; Solvent brown
1, 28, 42, 43, 44; Solvent green 4, 5, 7, 19,
27, 28; Solvent orange 45, 54, 59, 62, 63, 67;
Solvent red 7, 18, 19, 23, 27, 35, 89, 92, 100,
110, 118, 119, 124, 125, 127, 129, 130, 131,
132, 160, 162; Solvent violet 2, 23, 24; and
Solvent yellow 1, 30, 32, 48, 64, 89, 93, 98,
160.......................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.19.20

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

..................

6.5%1/

Other:

3204.19.25

20

40

90

20

40

60

95

Solvent red 179....................................

Solvent yellow 163...............................

kg

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg
..................

6.5%1/

Solvent red 135....................................

Solvent orange 60................................

Solvent yellow 33.................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

45.7%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

64.1%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

64.1%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
32-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3204 (con.)

3204.19
(con.)

3204.19.30

00

Synthetic organic coloring matter, whether or not chemically
defined; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on synthetic organic coloring matter; synthetic organic
products of a kind used as fluorescent brightening agents or
as luminophores, whether or not chemically defined: (con.)

Synthetic organic coloring matter and preparations based
thereon as specified in note 3 to this chapter: (con.)

Other, including mixtures of coloring matter of two or
more of the subheadings 3204.11 to 3204.19: (con.)

Other:

Sulfur black, "Colour Index Nos. 53185, 53190,
and 53195".........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.19.40

00

Products described in additional U.S. note
3 to section VI..............................................

kg..............

6.5%

Other:

3204.19.50

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.20

Synthetic organic products of a kind used as fluorescent
brightening agents:

3204.20.10

00

Fluorescent brightening agent 32..................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.20.40

00

Benzoxazol.......................................................................

kg..............

Free

3204.20.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3204.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

5.9%1/

6.6¢/kg + 28%

50.5%

50.5%

64.2%

44.1%

44.1%

50.8%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
32-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3205.00

3205.00.05

00

Color lakes; preparations as specified in note 3 to this chapter
based on color lakes:

Carmine:

Food coloring solutions, containing cochineal carmine
lake and paprika oleo resins, but not including any
synthetic organic coloring matter...................................

kg..............

Free1/

3205.00.15

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

3205.00.40

Products described in additional U.S. note 3 to section
VI.......................................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

3205.00.50

10

20

40

55

10

20

30

40

50

Yellow........................................................................

Red.............................................................................

Blue............................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

6.5%1/

Yellow........................................................................

Red.............................................................................

Violet..........................................................................

Blue............................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

72%

72%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
32-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3206

3206.11.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other coloring matter; preparations as specified in note 3 to
this chapter, other than those of heading 3203, 3204 or 3205;
inorganic products of a kind used as luminophores, whether
or not chemically defined:

Pigments and preparations based on titanium dioxide:

Containing 80 percent or more by weight of titanium
dioxide calculated on the dry matter.............................

kg..............

6%1/

3206.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

3206.20.00

Pigments and preparations based on chromium
compounds.............................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

20

30

50

Chrome yellow.................................................................

Molybdenum orange.......................................................

Zinc yellow.......................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

30%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3206 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
32-17

2

Other coloring matter; preparations as specified in note 3 to
this chapter, other than those of heading 3203, 3204 or 3205;
inorganic products of a kind used as luminophores, whether
or not chemically defined: (con.)

Other coloring matter and other preparations:

3206.41.00

00

Ultramarine and preparations based thereon..............

kg..............

1.5%1/

3206.42.00

00

Lithopone and other pigments and preparations based
on zinc sulfide..................................................................

kg..............

2.2%1/

3206.49
3206.49.10

00

Other:

Concentrated dispersions of pigments in plastics
materials....................................................................

kg..............

5.9%1/

3206.49.20

00

Preparations based on iron oxides.........................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3206.49.30

00

Preparations based on zinc oxides........................

kg..............

1.3%1/

3206.49.40

00

3206.49.55

00

Preparations based on carbon black.....................

kg..............

Free1/

Pigments and preparations based on
hexacyanoferrates (ferrocyanides and
ferricyanides)............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3206.49.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.1%1/

10

50
00

3206.50.00

Pigments and preparations based on cadmium
compounds.........................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Inorganic products of a kind used as luminophores..........

kg
kg..............

6.5%1/

7.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

45%

20%

4.5%

20%

12%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
32-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3207

3207.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Prepared pigments, prepared opacifiers and prepared colors,
vitrifiable enamels and glazes, engobes (slips), liquid lustres
and similar preparations, of a kind used in the ceramic,
enamelling or glass industry; glass frit and other glass, in the
form of powder, granules or flakes:

Prepared pigments, prepared opacifiers, prepared colors
and similar preparations........................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

3207.20.00

00

Vitrifiable enamels and glazes, engobes (slips) and similar
preparations............................................................................

kg..............

4.9%1/

3207.30.00

00

Liquid lustres and similar preparations................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

3207.40

Glass frit and other glass, in the form of powder, granules
or flakes:

3207.40.10

00

Ground or pulverized......................................................

kg..............

6%1/

3207.40.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3208

Paints and varnishes (including enamels and lacquers) based
on synthetic polymers or chemically modified natural polymers,
dispersed or dissolved in a nonaqueous medium; solutions as
defined in note 4 to this chapter:

3208.10.00

00

Based on polyesters..............................................................

3208.20.00

00

Based on acrylic or vinyl polymers.......................................

3208.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

liters..........
kg

3.7%1/

liters..........
kg

3.6%1/

liters..........
kg

3.2%1/

15.4¢/kg
+46%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3209

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Paints and varnishes (including enamels and lacquers) based
on synthetic polymers or chemically modified natural polymers,
dispersed or dissolved in an aqueous medium:

VI
32-19

2

3209.10.00

00

Based on acrylic or vinyl polymers.......................................

3209.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

3210.00.00

00

Other paints and varnishes (including enamels, lacquers and
distempers); prepared water pigments of a kind used for
finishing leather.............................................................................

liters..........
kg

5.1%1/

liters..........
kg

5.9%1/

liters..........
kg

1.8%1/

3211.00.00

00

Prepared driers.............................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3212

Pigments (including metallic powders and flakes) dispersed
in nonaqueous media, in liquid or paste form, of a kind used
in the manufacture of paints (including enamels); stamping
foils; dyes and other coloring matter put up in forms or packings
for retail sale:

3212.10.00

00

Stamping foils.........................................................................

m2..............

4.7%1/

3212.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

3.1%1/

10

50

Metallic aluminum pigments...........................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

3213

Artists', students' or signboard painters' colors, modifying tints,
amusement colors and the like, in tablets, tubes, jars, bottles,
pans or in similar forms or packings:

3213.10.00

00

Colors in sets..........................................................................

pcs............

6.5% on the
entire set1/

3213.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

pcs............

3.4%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

15.4¢/kg +

46%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

70% on the
entire set

48.6%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
32-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3214

3214.10.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Glaziers' putty, grafting putty, resin cements, caulking
compounds and other mastics; painters' fillings; nonrefractory
surfacing preparations for facades, indoor walls, floors, ceilings
or the like:

Glazier's putty, grafting putty, resin cements, caulking
compounds and other mastics; painters' fillings.................

..................

3.7%1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20
90

00

3214.90
3214.90.10

Mastics:

Caulking compounds...............................................

Other..........................................................................
Painters' fillings................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other:

Based on rubber..............................................................

kg..............

3214.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.25%1/

20%2/

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
32-21

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3215

3215.11

3215.11.10

00

Printing ink, writing or drawing ink and other inks, whether or
not concentrated or solid:

Printing ink:
Black:

Solid:

In engineered shapes, for insertion into
apparatus of subheadings 8443.31, 8443.32
or 8443.39..........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3215.11.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

1.8%1/

3215.11.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

1.8%1/

10

20

30

40

50

60

3215.19

3215.19.10

00

News...................................................................

kg

Other:

Flexographic................................................

Gravure........................................................

Letterpress...................................................

Offset Lithographic.....................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Solid:

In engineered shapes, for insertion into
apparatus of subheadings 8443.31, 8443.32
or 8443.39..........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3215.19.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

1.8%1/

3215.19.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

1.8%1/

10

20

30

40

50

60

00

3215.90
3215.90.10

News...................................................................

kg

Other:

Flexographic................................................

Gravure........................................................

Letterpress...................................................

Offset lithographic.......................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Drawing ink......................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

3215.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

1.8%1/

10%

10%

10%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

10%

10%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15%

10%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 32 - 22
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 33

ESSENTIAL OILS AND RESINOIDS; PERFUMERY,
COSMETIC OR TOILET PREPARATIONS

VI
33-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Natural oleoresins or vegetable extracts of heading 1301 or 1302;

(b) Soap or other products of heading 3401; or

(c) Gum, wood or sulfate turpentine or other products of heading 3805.

2.

The expression "odoriferous substances" in heading 3302 refers only to the substances of heading 3301, to odoriferous constituents
isolated from those substances or to synthetic aromatics.

3. Headings 3303 to 3307 apply, inter alia, to products, whether or not mixed (other than aqueous distillates and aqueous solutions
of essential oils), suitable for use as goods of these headings and put up in packings of a kind sold by retail for such use.

4.

The expression "perfumery, cosmetic or toilet preparations" in heading 3307 applies, inter alia, to the following products: scented
sachets; odoriferous preparations which operate by burning; perfumed papers and papers impregnated or coated with cosmetics;
contact lens or artificial eye solutions; wadding, felt and nonwovens, impregnated, coated or covered with perfume or cosmetics;
animal toilet preparations.

VI
33-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3301

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Essential oils (terpeneless or not), including concretes and
absolutes; resinoids; extracted oleoresins; concentrates of
essential oils in fats, in fixed oils, in waxes or the like, obtained
by enfleurage or maceration; terpenic by products of the
deterpenation of essential oils; aqueous distillates and aqueous
solutions of essential oils:

Essential oils of citrus fruit:

3301.12.00

00

Of orange.........................................................................

kg..............

2.7%1/

3301.13.00

00

Of lemon...........................................................................

kg..............

3.8%2/

3301.19
3301.19.10

00

3301.19.51

10

20

50

Other:

Of grapefruit..............................................................

kg..............

2.7%1/

Other..........................................................................
Bergamot............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Lime.....................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Essential oils other than those of citrus fruit:

3301.24.00

00

Of peppermint (Mentha piperita) ..................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3301.25.00

10

20

50

Of other mints..................................................................
Of cornmint, including "peppermint" derived from
Mentha arvensis.......................................................

Of spearmint..............................................................

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
33-3

Essential oils (terpeneless or not), including concretes and
absolutes; resinoids; extracted oleoresins; concentrates of
essential oils in fats, in fixed oils, in waxes or the like, obtained
by enfleurage or maceration; terpenic by products of the
deterpenation of essential oils; aqueous distillates and aqueous
solutions of essential oils: (con.)

Essential oils other than those of citrus fruit: (con.)

Other:

Of eucalyptus............................................................

kg..............

1.8%

3301.29.20

00

Of orris.......................................................................

kg..............

1.1%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15%

25%

Free

Other..........................................................................
Of anise...............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Of caraway.........................................................

Of cassia.............................................................

Of cedarwood.....................................................

Of citronella........................................................

Of clove...............................................................

Of garlic...............................................................

Of geranium........................................................

Of jasmine..........................................................

Of lavender or lavandin.....................................

Of lemongrass....................................................

Of linaloe or bois de rose..................................

Of nutmeg...........................................................

Of onion...............................................................

Of patchouli........................................................

Of petitgrain........................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Of rose (attar of roses)......................................

g

Of rosemary........................................................

Of sandalwood...................................................

Of sassafras including Ocotea cymbarum......

Of vetiver............................................................

Of ylang ylang or cananga................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Resinoids................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3301 (con.)

3301.29
3301.29.10

00

3301.29.51

3301.30.00

03

05

07

09

11

13

15

16

17

18

19

21

25

28

29

33

35

37

39

41

42

43

50
00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
33-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3301 (con.)

3301.90
3301.90.10

10

20

50
00

3301.90.50

3302

3302.10
3302.10.10

00

3302.10.20

00

3302.10.40

00

Essential oils (terpeneless or not), including concretes and
absolutes; resinoids; extracted oleoresins; concentrates of
essential oils in fats, in fixed oils, in waxes or the like, obtained
by enfleurage or maceration; terpenic by products of the
deterpenation of essential oils; aqueous distillates and aqueous
solutions of essential oils: (con.)

Other:

Extracted oleoresins........................................................

..................

3.8%1/

Paprika.......................................................................

Black pepper.............................................................

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Mixtures of odoriferous substances and mixtures (including
alcoholic solutions) with a basis of one or more of these
substances, of a kind used as raw materials in industry; other
preparations based on odoriferous substances, of a kind used
for the manufacture of beverages:

Of a kind used in the food or drink industries:

Not containing alcohol....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Containing alcohol:

Containing not over 20 percent of alcohol by
weight.........................................................................

kg..............

Free3/1/

Containing over 20 percent of alcohol by weight:
Preparations requiring only the addition of ethyl
alcohol or water to produce a beverage
suitable for human consumption:

Containing over 20 percent but not over
50 percent of alcohol by weight.................

kg..............

8.4¢/kg + 1.9%3/1/

3302.10.50

00

Containing over 50 percent of alcohol by
weight...........................................................

kg..............

17¢/kg + 1.9%3/1/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

25%

44¢/kg +
25%3/

88¢/kg +25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)3/

$1.76/kg +
25%3/

50%

3302.10.90
3302.90
3302.90.10

3302.90.20

00

10

50

10

50

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Containing no alcohol or not over 10 percent of alcohol
by weight..........................................................................
Perfume oil mixtures and blends, consisting of
products ready for use as finished perfume
bases..........................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Containing over 10 percent of alcohol by weight.........
Perfume oil mixtures and blends, consisting of
products ready for use as finished perfume
bases..........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free2/

88¢/kg + 50%

kg

kg
..................

Free2/

kg

kg

88¢/kg + 75%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3303.00

Article Description

Perfumes and toilet waters:
Not containing alcohol:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
33-5

3303.00.10

00

Floral or flower waters.....................................................

liters..........

3303.00.20
3303.00.30

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Containing alcohol..................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

3304

Beauty or make-up preparations and preparations for the care
of the skin (other than medicaments), including sunscreen or
sun tan preparations; manicure or pedicure preparations:

3304.10.00

00

Lip make-up preparations.....................................................

kg..............

3304.20.00

00

Eye make-up preparations....................................................

kg..............

3304.30.00

00

Manicure or pedicure preparations......................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/
Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Other:

3304.91.00

10

50

Powders, whether or not compressed..........................
Rouges.......................................................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other:

3304.99.10

00

Petroleum jelly put up for retail sale.......................

kg..............

3304.99.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3305
3305.10.00

Preparations for use on the hair:

00

Shampoos...............................................................................

kg..............

3305.20.00

00

Preparations for permanent waving or straightening.........

kg..............

3305.30.00

00

Hair lacquers..........................................................................

kg..............

3305.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

3306

Preparations for oral or dental hygiene, including denture
fixative pastes and powders; yarn used to clean between the
teeth (dental floss), in individual retail packages:

3306.10.00

00

Dentifrices...............................................................................

kg..............

Free

3306.20.00

00

Yarn used to clean between the teeth (dental floss)..........

kg..............

3306.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free2/

20%

75%
88¢/kg + 75%

75%

75%

75%

75%

75%

75%

75%

75%

88¢/kg + 75%

88¢/kg + 75%

75%

88¢/kg + 75%

88¢/kg + 75%

VI
33-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3307

3307.10
3307.10.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Pre-shave, shaving or after-shave preparations, personal
deodorants, bath preparations, depilatories and other
perfumery, cosmetic or toilet preparations, not elsewhere
specified or included; prepared room deodorizers, whether or
not perfumed or having disinfectant properties:

Pre-shave, shaving or after-shave preparations:

Not containing alcohol....................................................

kg..............

4.9%2/

3307.10.20

00

Containing alcohol...........................................................

kg..............

4.9%2/

3307.20.00

00

Personal deodorants and antiperspirants...........................

kg..............

4.9%2/

3307.30
3307.30.10

00

Perfumed bath salts and other bath preparations:

Bath salts, whether or not perfumed.............................

kg..............

5.8%2/

3307.30.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.9%2/

3307.41.00

00

Preparations for perfuming or deodorizing rooms, including
odoriferous preparations used during religious rites:

"Agarbatti" and other odoriferous preparations which
operate by burning..........................................................

kg..............

2.4%2/

3307.49.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6%2/

3307.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

5.4%2/

75%

81.7%

75%

75%

75%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

73.2%

75%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 33 - 7

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ Imports under this provision may be subject to Federal Excise Tax (26 U.S.C. 5001).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 34

SOAP, ORGANIC SURFACE-ACTIVE AGENTS,
WASHING PREPARATIONS, LUBRICATING PREPARATIONS,
ARTIFICIAL WAXES, PREPARED WAXES, POLISHING
OR SCOURING PREPARATIONS, CANDLES AND SIMILAR ARTICLES,
MODELING PASTES, "DENTAL WAXES" AND
DENTAL PREPARATIONS WITH A BASIS OF PLASTER

VI
34-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Edible mixtures or preparations of animal, vegetable or microbial fats or oils of a kind used as mold release preparations

(heading 1517);

(b) Separate chemically defined compounds; or

(c) Shampoos, dentifrices, shaving creams and foams or bath preparations, containing soap or other organic surface-active

agents (heading 3305, 3306 or 3307).

2.

For the purposes of heading 3401, the expression "soap" applies only to soap soluble in water. Soap and the other products of
heading 3401 may contain added substances (for example, disinfectants, abrasive powders, fillers or medicaments). Products
containing abrasive powders remain classified in heading 3401 only if in the form of bars, cakes or molded pieces or shapes. In
other forms they are to be classified in heading 3405 as "scouring powders and similar preparations".

3.

For the purposes of heading 3402, "organic surface-active agents" are products which when mixed with water at a concentration
of 0.5 percent at 20°C and left to stand for one hour at the same temperature:

(a) Give a transparent or translucent liquid or stable emulsion without separation of insoluble matter; and

(b) Reduce the surface tension of water to 4.5 x 10 -2 N/m (45 dyne/cm) or less.

4.

5.

In heading 3403 the expression "petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals" applies to the products defined in
note 2 to chapter 27.

In heading 3404, subject to the exclusions provided below, the expression "artificial waxes and prepared waxes" applies only
to:

(a) Chemically produced organic products of a waxy character, whether or not water-soluble;

(b) Products obtained by mixing different waxes;

(c) Products of a waxy character with a basis of one or more waxes and containing fats, resins, mineral substances or other

materials.

The heading does not apply to:

(a) Goods of heading 1516, 3402 or 3823 even if having a waxy character;

(b) Unmixed animal waxes or unmixed vegetable waxes, whether or not refined or colored, of heading 1521;

(c) Mineral waxes or similar products of heading 2712, whether or not intermixed or merely colored; or

(d) Waxes mixed with, dispersed in or dissolved in a liquid medium (headings 3405, 3809, etc.).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
34-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3401

3401.11
3401.11.10

00

Soap; organic surface-active products and preparations for
use as soap, in the form of bars, cakes, molded pieces or
shapes, whether or not containing soap; organic surface-active
products and preparations for washing the skin, in the form of
liquid or cream and put up for retail sale, whether or not
containing soap; paper, wadding, felt and nonwovens,
impregnated, coated or covered with soap or detergent:
Soap and organic surface-active products and
preparations, in the form of bars, cakes, molded pieces or
shapes, and paper, wadding, felt and nonwovens,
impregnated, coated or covered with soap or detergent:

For toilet use (including medicated products):

Castile soap...............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

3401.11.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3401.19.00

00

3401.20.00

00

Other3/...............................................................................
Soap in other forms................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free4/
Free1/

3401.30

3401.30.10

00

Organic surface-active products and preparations for
washing the skin, in the form of liquid or cream and put up
for retail sale, whether or not containing soap:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
surface-active agent.......................................................

kg..............

4%1/

15%

4.4¢/kg +
30%2/
4.4¢/kg + 15%
4.4¢/kg +
30%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

3401.30.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

25%2/

3402

3402.31
3402.31.10

00

Organic surface-active agents (other than soap); surface-active
preparations, washing preparations (including auxiliary washing
preparations) and cleaning preparations, whether or not
containing soap, other than those of heading 3401:

Anionic organic surface-active agents, whether or not put
up for retail sale:

Linear alkylbenzene sulfonic acids and their salts:

Aromatic or modified aromatic................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3402.31.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3402.39
3402.39.10

00

Other:

Aromatic or modified aromatic................................

kg..............

4%1/

3402.39.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

20

50

Salts of sulfated alcohols..................................

Salts of sulfated polyethers..............................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg +
52.5%

25%

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
34-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3402 (con.)

3402.41
3402.41.10

00

Organic surface-active agents (other than soap); surface-active
preparations, washing preparations (including auxiliary washing
preparations) and cleaning preparations, whether or not
containing soap, other than those of heading 3401: (con.)

Other organic surface-active agents, whether or not put
up for retail sale:
Cationic:

Aromatic or modified aromatic................................

kg..............

4%1/

3402.41.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4%1/

3402.42
3402.42.10

00

Non-ionic:

Aromatic or modified aromatic................................

kg..............

4%1/

3402.42.20

Fatty substances of animal, vegetable or
microbial origin...................................................

..................

4%1/

Other:

10

20

50
00

3402.42.90

3402.49
3402.49.10

00

Polyethers ...................................................

kg

Esters and ether-esters of polyhydric
alcohols........................................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
kg..............

3.7%1/

Other:

Aromatic or modified aromatic................................

kg..............

4%1/

3402.49.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3402.50
3402.50.11

00

Preparations put up for retail sale:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
surface-active agent.......................................................

kg..............

4%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

16.5¢/kg +

30%

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.5¢/kg +

30%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

3402.50.51

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

25%2/

VI
34-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3402 (con.)

3402.90
3402.90.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Organic surface-active agents (other than soap); surface-active
preparations, washing preparations (including auxiliary washing
preparations) and cleaning preparations, whether or not
containing soap, other than those of heading 3401: (con.)

Other:

Synthetic detergents.......................................................

kg..............

3.8%1/

Other:

3402.90.30

00

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
surface-active agent.................................................

kg..............

4%1/

3402.90.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

10

30

50

Washing preparations.......................................

Cleaning preparations.......................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

3403

3403.11

3403.11.20

00

Lubricating preparations (including cutting-oil preparations,
bolt or nut release preparations, antirust or anticorrosion
preparations and mold release preparations, based on
lubricants) and preparations of a kind used for the oil or grease
treatment of textile materials, leather, furskins or other
materials, but excluding preparations containing, as basic
constituents, 70 percent or more by weight of petroleum oils
or oils obtained from bituminous minerals:

Containing petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous
minerals:

Preparations for the treatment of textile materials,
leather, furskins or other materials:

Preparations for the treatment of textile materials:
Containing 50 percent or more by weight of
petroleum oils or of oils obtained from
bituminous minerals...........................................

liters..........

0.2%1/

3403.11.40

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.1%1/

3403.11.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
53.5%

15.4¢/kg +
44.5%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, L, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

0.4%

15.4¢/kg +
49.5%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
34-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3403 (con.)

3403.19
3403.19.10

00

Lubricating preparations (including cutting-oil preparations,
bolt or nut release preparations, antirust or anticorrosion
preparations and mold release preparations, based on
lubricants) and preparations of a kind used for the oil or grease
treatment of textile materials, leather, furskins or other
materials, but excluding preparations containing, as basic
constituents, 70 percent or more by weight of petroleum oils
or oils obtained from bituminous minerals: (con.)

Containing petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous
minerals: (con.)
Other:

Containing 50 percent or more by weight of
petroleum oils or of oils obtained from bituminous
minerals.....................................................................

liters..........

0.2%5/

3403.19.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.8%5/

Other:

3403.91

3403.91.10

00

Preparations for the treatment of textile materials,
leather, furskins or other materials:

Preparations for the treatment of textile
materials....................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

3403.91.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3403.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%5/

3404
3404.20.00

3404.90
3404.90.10

3404.90.51

00

00

10

50

Artificial waxes and prepared waxes:

Of poly(oxyethylene) (polyethylene glycol)..........................

kg..............

Other:

Containing bleached beeswax.......................................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................
Of chemically modified lignite.................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

0.4%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.9% (JP)

25%

30%

30%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3% (JP)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.25% (JP)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.25% (JP)

54.5%

30%

Free2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
34-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3405

3405.10.00

00

3405.20.00

00

Polishes and creams, for footwear, furniture, floors, coachwork,
glass or metal, scouring pastes and powders and similar
preparations (whether or not in the form of paper, wadding,
felt, nonwovens, cellular plastics or cellular rubber,
impregnated, coated or covered with such preparations),
excluding waxes of heading 3404:

Polishes, creams and similar preparations for footwear or
leather......................................................................................

Polishes, creams and similar preparations for the
maintenance of wooden furniture, floors or other
woodwork................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

3405.30.00

00

Polishes and similar preparations for coachwork, other
than metal polishes................................................................

3405.40.00

00

Scouring pastes and powders and other scouring
preparations............................................................................

3405.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3406.00.00

00

Candles, tapers and the like........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free4/

3407

3407.00.20

00

Modeling pastes, including those put up for children's
amusement; preparations known as "dental wax" or as "dental
impression compounds", put up in sets, in packings for retail
sale or in plates, horseshoe shapes, sticks or similar forms;
other preparations for use in dentistry, with a basis of plaster
(of calcined gypsum or calcium sulfate):

Modeling pastes, including those put up for children's
amusement.............................................................................

kg..............

Free

3407.00.40

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free

25%

25%

25%

4.4¢/kg + 15%

25%2/

27.5%2/

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 34 - 7

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.69.
4/ See 9903.88.15.
5/ See 9903.88.02.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 35

ALBUMINOIDAL SUBSTANCES;
MODIFIED STARCHES; GLUES; ENZYMES

VI
35-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Yeasts (heading 2102);

(b) Blood fractions (other than blood albumin not prepared for therapeutic or prophylactic uses), medicaments or other products

of chapter 30;

(c) Enzymatic preparations for pre-tanning (heading 3202);

(d) Enzymatic soaking or washing preparations or other products of chapter 34;

(e) Hardened proteins (heading 3913); or

(f) Gelatin products of the printing industry (chapter 49).

2.

For the purposes of heading 3505, the term "dextrins" means starch degradation products with a reducing sugar content,
expressed as dextrose on the dry substance, not exceeding 10 percent.

Such products with a reducing sugar content exceeding 10 percent fall in heading 1702.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of subheading 3501.10.10, "milk protein concentrate" means any complete milk protein (casein plus lactalbumin)
concentrate.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
35-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

3501
3501.10
3501.10.10

Casein, caseinates and other casein derivatives; casein glues:

Casein:

00

Milk protein concentrate.................................................

3501.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............
kg msc

0.37¢/kg1/

kg..............
kg msc

Free1/

3501.90
3501.90.20

00

Other:

Casein glues....................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

3501.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............
kg msc

0.37¢/kg1/

3502

Albumins (including concentrates of two or more whey proteins,
containing by weight more than 80 percent whey proteins,
calculated on the dry matter), albuminates and other albumin
derivatives:

Egg albumin:

3502.11.00

00

Dried.................................................................................

kg..............

47.6¢/kg2/

3502.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

9.7¢/kg1/

3502.20.00

00

Milk albumin, including concentrates of two or more whey
proteins....................................................................................

kg..............
kg msc

Free1/

3502.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

12¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

30%

12.1¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

59.5¢/kg

24.3¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3503.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
35-3

Gelatin (including gelatin in rectangular (including square)
sheets, whether or not surfaceworked or colored) and gelatin
derivatives; isinglass; other glues of animal origin, excluding
casein glues of heading 3501:

3503.00.10

00

Fish glue..................................................................................

kg..............

1.2¢/kg + 1.5%1/

3503.00.20

00

Valued under 88 cents per kg........................................

kg..............

1.2¢/kg + 3.2%1/

Inedible gelatin and animal glue:

3503.00.40

00

Valued 88 cents or more per kg.....................................

kg..............

2.8¢/kg + 3.8%1/

3503.00.55

Other........................................................................................

..................

2.8¢/kg + 3.8%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17.6¢/kg +

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5¢/kg + 20%

15.4¢/kg +

20%

15.4¢/kg +

20%

10

20

50

Edible gelatin...................................................................

Photographic gelatin.......................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

3504.00

Peptones and their derivatives; other protein substances and
their derivatives, not elsewhere specified or included; hide
powder, whether or not chromed:

3504.00.10

00

Protein isolates.......................................................................

kg..............

3504.00.50

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

From peas:

10

50
80

Certified organic.......................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg

kg
kg

5%1/

4%1/

20%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
35-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3505

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Dextrins and other modified starches (for example,
pregelatinized or esterified starches); glues based on starches,
or on dextrins or other modified starches:

3505.10.00

Dextrins and other modified starches..................................

..................

0.7¢/kg1/

15

20

40

45

92
00

3505.20.00

3506

3506.10

3506.10.10

00

Dextrin:

Derived from potato starch......................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Derived from corn (maize) starch...........................

Derived from potato starch......................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Glues.......................................................................................

kg
kg..............

2.1¢/kg + 2.9%1/

Prepared glues and other prepared adhesives, not elsewhere
specified or included; products suitable for use as glues or
adhesives, put up for retail sale as glues or adhesives, not
exceeding a net weight of 1 kg:

Products suitable for use as glues or adhesives, put up for
retail sale as glues or adhesives, not exceeding a net
weight of 1 kg:

Animal glue, including casein glue, but not including
fish glue............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%2/

3506.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.1%2/

3506.91

3506.91.10

00

Other:

Adhesives based on polymers of headings 3901 to
3913 or on rubber:

Optically clear free-film adhesives and optically
clear curable liquid adhesives of a kind used solely
or principally for the manufacture of flat panel
displays or touch-sensitive screen panels.............

kg..............

Free2/

3506.91.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.1%2/

3506.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.1%2/

6.6¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17.6¢/kg +

25%

30.4%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%3/

20%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
35-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3507

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Enzymes; prepared enzymes not elsewhere specified or
included:

3507.10.00

00

Rennet and concentrates thereof.........................................

kg..............

3507.90
3507.90.20

00

Other:

Pencillin G amidase........................................................

kg..............

3507.90.70

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free

25%

25%3/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 35 - 6
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 36

EXPLOSIVES; PYROTECHNIC PRODUCTS; MATCHES;
PYROPHORIC ALLOYS; CERTAIN COMBUSTIBLE PREPARATIONS

Notes

1.

2.

This chapter does not cover separate chemically defined compounds other than those described in note 2(a) or (b) below.

The expression "articles of combustible materials" in heading 3606 applies only to:

(a) Metaldehyde, hexamethylenetetramine and similar substances, put up in forms (for example, tablets, sticks or similar forms)

for use as fuels; fuels with a basis of alcohol, and similar prepared fuels, in solid or semi-solid form;

(b) Liquid or liquefied-gas fuels in containers of a kind used for filling or refilling cigarette or similar lighters, and of a capacity

VI
36-1

not exceeding 300 cm 3; and

(c) Resin torches, firelighters and the like.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

The importation of white phosphorus matches is prohibited.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
36-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

3601.00.00

00

Propellant powders.......................................................................

kg..............

General

3.25%1/

3602.00.00

Prepared explosives, other than propellant powders...............
Dynamite and other high explosives, put up in cartridges,
sticks or other forms, suitable for blasting...........................

Other........................................................................................

30

60

3603

Safety fuses; detonating cords; percussion or detonating caps;
igniters; electric detonators:

3603.10.00

00

Safety fuses............................................................................

3603.20.00

00

Detonating cords....................................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

thousand
m ...............

3%1/

thousand
m ...............

3%1/

3603.30.00

00

Percussion caps.....................................................................

thousands.

4.2%1/

3603.40.00

00

Detonating caps.....................................................................

No.............

0.2%1/

3603.50.00

00

Igniters.....................................................................................

No.............

0.2%1/

3603.60.00

00

Electric detonators.................................................................

No.............

0.2%1/

3604

3604.10
3604.10.10

00

Fireworks, signaling flares, rain rockets, fog signals and other
pyrotechnic articles:
Fireworks:

Display or special fireworks (Class 1.3G)....................

kg..............

2.4%

3604.10.90

Other (including Class 1.4G).........................................

..................

5.3%

10

50
00

3604.90.00

Class 1.4G (Class C)...............................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5%1/

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

Special
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2

60%

Free

8.3%

8.3%

30%2/

0.3%2/

0.3%2/

0.3%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

12.5%

12.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
36-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

3605.00.00

Matches, other than pyrotechnic articles of heading 3604......

..................

Free1/

30

60

Matches with natural wood stems........................................

Other........................................................................................

kg

kg

3606

3606.10.00

00

Ferrocerium and other pyrophoric alloys in all forms; articles
of combustible materials as specified in note 2 to this chapter:

Liquid or liquefied-gas fuels in containers of a kind used
for filling or refilling cigarette or similar lighters and of a
capacity not exceeding 300 cm3...........................................

No.............

Free3/

3606.90
3606.90.30

00

Other:

Ferrocerium and other pyrophoric alloys......................

kg..............

5.9%

3606.90.40

00

Metaldehyde....................................................................

kg..............

3606.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5%1/

20¢/gross of
immediate
containers

Free

56.7%

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 36 - 4
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 37

PHOTOGRAPHIC OR CINEMATOGRAPHIC GOODS

Notes

1.

2.

This chapter does not cover waste or scrap.

In this chapter the word “photographic” relates to the process by which visible images are formed, directly or indirectly, by the
action of light or other forms of radiation on photosensitive, including thermosensitive, surfaces.

VI
37-1

VI
37-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3701

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Photographic plates and film in the flat, sensitized, unexposed,
of any material other than paper, paperboard or textiles; instant
print film in the flat, sensitized, unexposed, whether or not in
packs:

3701.10.00

For X-ray.................................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

30

60

30

60
00

3701.20.00

3701.30.00

Medical, other than dental..............................................

Other.................................................................................
Instant print film......................................................................

m2
m2
..................

3.7%1/

For color photography (polychrome).............................

No.

Other.................................................................................
Other plates and film, with any side exceeding 255 mm....

No.
m2..............

Free1/

3701.91.00

For color photography (polychrome).............................

..................

3.7%1/

Other:

3701.99
3701.99.30

3701.99.60

30

60

00

30

60

Disc film.....................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

m2

Other:

Dry plates..................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Graphic arts film.................................................

Other...................................................................

m2..............

Free1/

Free1/

..................
m2
m2

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

25%2/

20%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
37-3

Photographic film in rolls, sensitized, unexposed, of any
material other than paper, paperboard or textiles; instant print
film in rolls, sensitized, unexposed:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3702

3702.10.00

For X-ray.................................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

30

60

Medical, other than dental..............................................

Other.................................................................................
Other film, without perforations, of a width not exceeding
105 mm:

m2
m2

3702.31.01

00

For color photography (polychrome).............................

No.............

3.7%1/

3702.32.01

Other, with silver halide emulsion..................................

..................

3.7%1/

30

60
00

3702.39.01

Microfilm....................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

m2
m2
m2..............

3.7%1/

3702.41.01

00

Other film, without perforations, of a width exceeding
105 mm:

Of a width exceeding 610 mm and of a length
exceeding 200 m, for color photography
(polychrome)....................................................................

m2..............

3.7%1/

3702.42.01

00

Of a width exceeding 610 mm and of a length
exceeding 200 m, other than for color photography.....

m2..............

3.7%1/

3702.43.01

00

Of a width exceeding 610 mm and of a length not
exceeding 200 m.............................................................

m2..............

3.7%1/

3702.44.01

Of a width exceeding 105 mm but not exceeding
610 mm.............................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

30

60

Graphic arts film.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

m2
m2

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
37-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3702 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Photographic film in rolls, sensitized, unexposed, of any
material other than paper, paperboard or textiles; instant print
film in rolls, sensitized, unexposed: (con.)

Other film, for color photography (polychrome):

3702.52.01

Of a width not exceeding 16 mm...................................

..................

3.7%1/

3702.53.00

3702.54.00

3702.55.00

3702.56.00

30

60

30

60

30

60

30

60

30

60

Reversal color film....................................................

Other..........................................................................
Of a width exceeding 16 mm but not exceeding 35 mm
and of a length not exceeding 30 m, for slides.............

m2
m2

..................

3.7%1/

35 mm........................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Of a width exceeding 16 mm but not exceeding 35 mm
and of a length not exceeding 30 m, other than for
slides.................................................................................

No.

..................

3.7%1/

35 mm........................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Of a width exceeding 16 mm but not exceeding 35 mm
and of a length exceeding 30 m.....................................
Reversal color film....................................................

Other..........................................................................
Of a width exceeding 35 mm.........................................
Motion-picture film....................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Free1/

Free1/

No.

..................
m2
m2
..................
m
m2
m2

3702.96.00

00

Of a width not exceeding 35 mm and of a length not
exceeding 30 m...............................................................

m2..............

3.7%1/

3702.97.00

00

Of a width not exceeding 35 mm and of a length
exceeding 30 m...............................................................

3702.98.00

00

Of a width exceeding 35 mm.........................................

m2..............
m2..............

Free1/
3.7%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

38¢/m2

38¢/m2

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

38¢/m2
25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3703

3703.10
3703.10.30

30

60
90
00

30

60
00

30

60
90
00

3703.10.60

3703.20
3703.20.30

3703.20.60

3703.90
3703.90.30

3703.90.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
37-5

Photographic paper, paperboard and textiles, sensitized,
unexposed:

In rolls of a width exceeding 610 mm:

Silver halide papers........................................................

..................

3.7%1/

For pictorial use (continuous tone):

For color photography (polychrome)...............

Other...................................................................
Other (line reproduction)..........................................
Other.................................................................................

m2
m2
m2
m2..............

3.1%1/

Other, for color photography (polychrome):

Silver halide papers........................................................

..................

3.7%1/

For pictorial use (continuous tone).........................

Other (line reproduction)..........................................
Other.................................................................................

m2
m2
m2..............

3.1%1/

Other:

Silver halide papers........................................................

..................

3.7%1/

For pictorial use (continuous tone):

In sheets..............................................................

Other...................................................................
Other (line reproduction)..........................................
Other.................................................................................

m2
m2
m2
m2..............

2.8%1/

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3704.00.00

00

Photographic plates, film, paper, paperboard and textiles,
exposed but not developed..........................................................

m2..............

Free1/

3705.00.00

00

Photographic plates and film, exposed and developed, other
than cinematographic film............................................................

m²..............

Free1/

$3.88/m2

25%

VI
37-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3706

3706.10
3706.10.30

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Motion-picture film, exposed and developed, whether or not
incorporating sound track or consisting only of sound track:

Of a width of 35 mm or more:

Sound recordings on motion-picture film suitable for
use in connection with motion-picture exhibits............

m ...............

1.4%1/

3706.10.60

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

30

60
90

30

60

3706.90.00

3707

Feature films:

Positive release prints.......................................

m

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Positive release prints.....................................................

m
m
..................
m

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

m

Chemical preparations for photographic uses (other than
varnishes, glues, adhesives and similar preparations); unmixed
products for photographic uses, put up in measured portions
or put up for retail sale in a form ready for use:

3707.10.00

Sensitizing emulsions............................................................

..................

3%1/

05

90

For use in color negative photographic paper..............

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

3707.90

Other:

3707.90.31

00

Acid violet 19.............................................................

kg..............

Chemical preparations for photographic uses:

3707.90.32

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/3/

Free1/3/

7%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10¢/m

10¢/m

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

50%

15.4¢/kg
+50%

10

20

30

90
00

Unsensitized emulsions, for use in color
negative photographic paper............................

Couplers, for use in color negative
photographic paper...........................................

Coupler dispersions, for use in color negative
photographic paper...........................................

Other...................................................................

Unmixed products for photographic uses, put up in
measured portions or put up for retail sale in a form
ready for use....................................................................

3707.90.60

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/3/

4.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 37 - 7

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9817.29.01.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 38

MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS

VI
38-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Separate chemically defined elements or compounds with the exception of the following:

(1) Artificial graphite (heading 3801);

(2)

Insecticides, rodenticides, fungicides, herbicides, antisprouting products and plant-growth regulators, disinfectants and
similar products put up as described in heading 3808;

(3) Products put up as charges for fire-extinguishers or put up in fire-extinguishing grenades (heading 3813);

(4) Certified reference materials specified in note 2 below;

(5) Products specified in note 3(a) or 3(c) below.

(b) Mixtures of chemicals with foodstuffs or other substances with nutritive value, of a kind used in the preparation of human

foodstuffs (generally, heading 2106);

(c) Products of heading 2404;

(d) Slag, ash and residues (including sludges, other than sewage sludge), containing metals, arsenic or their mixtures and

meeting the requirements of note 3(a) or 3(b) to chapter 26 (heading 2620);

(e) Medicaments (heading 3003 or 3004); or

(f) Spent catalysts of a kind used for the extraction of base metals or for the manufacture of chemical compounds of base metals
(heading 2620), spent catalysts of a kind used principally for the recovery of precious metal (heading 7112) or catalysts
consisting of metals or metal alloys in the form of, for example, finely divided powder or woven gauze (section XIV or XV).

2.

(a) For the purposes of heading 3822, the expression "certified reference materials" means reference materials which are

accompanied by a certificate which indicates the values of the certified properties, the methods used to determine these
values and the degree of certainty associated with each value and which are suitable for analytical, calibrating or referencing
purposes.

(b) With the exception of the products of chapter 28 or 29, for the classification of certified reference materials, heading 3822

shall take precedence over any other heading in the tariff schedule.

3. Heading 3824 includes the following goods which are not to be classified in any other heading of the tariff schedule:

(a) Cultured crystals (other than optical elements) weighing not less than 2.5 g each, of magnesium oxide or of the halides of

the alkali or alkaline-earth metals;

(b) Fusel oil; Dippel's oil;

(c)

Ink removers put up in packings for retail sale;

(d) Stencil correctors, other correcting fluids and correction tapes (other than those of heading 9612), put up inpackings for retail

sale; and

(e) Ceramic firing testers, fusible (for example, Seger cones).

4.

Throughout the tariff schedule, "municipal waste" means waste of a kind collected from households, hotels, restaurants, hospitals,
shops, offices, etc., road and pavement sweepings, as well as construction and demolition waste. Municipal waste generally
contains a large variety of materials such as plastics, rubber, wood, paper, textiles, glass, metals, food materials, broken furniture
and other damaged or discarded articles. The term "municipal waste," does not cover:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
38-2
Notes (con.)

(a)

Individual materials or articles segregated from the waste, for example wastes of plastics, rubber, wood, paper, textiles,
glass or metals, electrical and electronic waste and scrap (including spent batteries) which fall in their appropriate headings
of the tariff schedule;

(b)

Industrial waste:

(c) Waste pharmaceuticals, as defined in note 4(k) to chapter 30; or

(d) Clinical waste, as defined in note 6(a), below.

5.

For the purposes of heading 3825, "sewage sludge" means sludge arising from urban effluent treatment plants and includes
pre-treatment waste, scourings and unstabilized sludge. Stabilized sludge, when suitable for use as fertilizer, is excluded (chapter
31).

6.

For the purposes of heading 3825, the expression "other wastes" applies to:

(a) Clinical waste, that is, contaminated waste arising from medical research, diagnosis, treatment or other medical, surgical,

dental or veterinary procedures, which often contain pathogens and pharmaceutical substances and require special disposal
procedures (for example, soiled dressings, used gloves and used syringes);

(b) Waste organic solvents;

(c) Wastes of metal pickling liquors, hydraulic fluids, brake fluids and anti-freezing fluids; and

(d) Other wastes from chemical or allied industries.

The expression "other wastes" does not, however, cover wastes which contain mainly petroleum oils or oils obtained from
bituminous materials (heading 2710).

7.

For the purposes of heading 3826, the term “biodiesel” means mono-alkyl esters of fatty acids of a kind used as a fuel, derived
from animal, vegetable or microbial fats and oils, whether or not used.

Subheading Notes

1. Subheadings 3808.52 and 3808.59 cover only goods of heading 3808, containing one or more of the following substances:

alachlor (ISO); aldicarb (ISO); aldrin (ISO); azinphos-methyl (ISO); binapacryl (ISO); camphechlor (ISO) (toxaphene); captafol
(ISO); carbofuran (ISO); chlordane (ISO); chlordimeform (ISO); chlorobenzilate (ISO); DDT (ISO) (clofenotane (INN),
1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane); dieldrin (ISO, INN); 4,6-dinitro-o-cresol (DNOC (ISO)) or its salts; dinoseb (ISO),
its salts or its esters; endosulfan (ISO); ethylene dibromide (ISO) (1,2- dibromoethane; ethylene dichloride (ISO)
(1,2-dichloroethane); fluoroacetamide (ISO); heptachlor (ISO); hexachlorobenzene (ISO); 1,2,3,4,5,6-hexachlorocyclohexane
(HCH (ISO)), including lindane (ISO, INN); mercury compounds; methamidophos (ISO); monocrotophos (ISO); oxirane (ethylene
oxide); parathion (ISO); parathion-methyl (ISO) (methylparathion); pentachlorophenol (ISO), its salts or its esters; perfluorooctane
sulphonic acid and its salts; perfluorooctane sulphonamides; perfluorooctane sulphonyl fluoride; phosphamidon (ISO); 2,4,5-T
(ISO) (2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid), its salts or its esters; tributyltin compounds; trichlorfon (ISO).

Subheading 3808.59 also covers dustable powder formulations containing a mixture of benomyl (ISO), carbofuran (ISO) and thiram
(ISO).

2. Subheadings 3808.61 to 3808.69 cover only goods of heading 3808, containing alpha-cypermethrin (ISO), bendiocarb (ISO),

bifenthrin (ISO), chlorfenapyr (ISO), cyfluthrin (ISO), deltamethrin (INN, ISO), etofenprox (INN), fenitrothion (ISO),
lambda-cyhalothrin (ISO), malathion (ISO), pirimiphos-methyl (ISO) or propoxur (ISO).

3. Subheadings 3824.81 to 3824.89 cover only mixtures and preparations containing one or more of the following substances:

oxirane (ethylene oxide); polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs); polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs); polychlorinated terphenyls (PCTs);
tris(2,3-dibromopropyl) phosphate; aldrin (ISO); camphechlor (ISO) (toxaphene); chlordane (ISO); chlordecone (ISO); DDT (ISO)
(clofenotane (INN); 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane); dieldrin (ISO, INN); endosulfan (ISO); endrin (ISO); heptachlor
(ISO); mirex (ISO); 1,2,3,4,5,6-hexachlorocyclohexane (HCH (ISO)), including lindane (ISO, INN); pentachlorobenzene (ISO);
hexachlorobenzene (ISO); perfluorooctane sulphonic acid, its salts; perfluorooctane sulphonamides; perfluorooctane sulphonyl
fluoride; tetra-, penta-, hexa-, hepta- or octabromodiphenyl ethers; short-chain chlorinated paraffins.

Short-chain chlorinated paraffins are mixtures of compounds, with a chlorination degree of more than 48 percent by weight, with the
following molecular formula: CxH(2x-y+2)Cly, where x=10 - 13 and y= 1 – 13.

4.

For the purposes of subheadings 3825.41 and 3825.49, "waste organic solvents" are wastes containing mainly organic solvents,
not fit for further use as presented as primary products, whether or not intended for recovery of the solvents.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
38-3

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 3808.94.5080, hand sanitizer must meet the requirements of the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration for the preparation of the disinfecting hand sanitizers.

For the purposes of heading 3824, the term "biodiesel" means fatty acid esters of a kind used as fuel, derived from animal or
vegetable fats and oils, whether or not used.

VI
38-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3801

3801.10
3801.10.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Artificial graphite; colloidal or semi-colloidal graphite;
preparations based on graphite or other carbon in the form of
pastes, blocks, plates or other semimanufactures:

Artificial graphite:

Plates, rods, powder and other forms, wholly or partly
manufactured, for manufacturing into brushes for
electric generators, motors or other machines or
appliances........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3801.10.50

3801.20.00

10

90
00

Other.................................................................................
Surface-modified spherical graphite......................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Colloidal or semi-colloidal graphite......................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

3801.30.00

00

Carbonaceous pastes for electrodes and similar pastes
for furnace linings...................................................................

kg..............

4.9%1/

3801.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

4.9%1/

10

50

Active anode material containing silicon......................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

3802

Activated carbon; activated natural mineral products; animal
black, including spent animal black:

3802.10.00

Activated carbon....................................................................

..................

4.8%1/

10

20

50

00

3802.90
3802.90.10

Derived from coal............................................................

Derived from coconut......................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Bone black.......................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

3802.90.20

00

Activated clays and activated earths............................

kg..............

2.5%1/

3802.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

3803.00.00

00

Tall oil, whether or not refined.....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

45%

10%

10%2/

30%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

0.6¢/kg +30%

45%

20%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
38-5

Residual lyes from the manufacture of wood pulp, whether or
not concentrated, desugared or chemically treated, including
lignin sulfonates, but excluding tall oil of heading 3803:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3804.00

3804.00.10

00

Lignin sulfonic acid and its salts...........................................

kg..............

3804.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.7%1/

3805

Gum, wood or sulfate turpentine and other terpenic oils
produced by the distillation or other treatment of coniferous
woods; crude dipentene; sulfite turpentine and other crude
para-cymene; pine oil containing alpha-terpineol as the main
constituent:

3805.10.00

00

Gum, wood or sulfate turpentine oils...................................

liters..........

5%1/

3805.90
3805.90.10

00

Other:

Pine oil..............................................................................

kg..............

3805.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.7%1/

3806

Rosin and resin acids, and derivatives thereof; rosin spirit and
rosin oils; run gums:

3806.10.00

Rosin and resin acids............................................................

..................

5%1/

10

50
00

3806.20.00

Gum rosin.........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

Salts of rosin, of resin acids or of derivatives of rosin or
resin acids, other than salts of rosin adducts......................

kg

kg

kg..............

3.7%1/

3806.30.00

00

Ester gums..............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3806.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3807.00.00

00

Wood tar; wood tar oils; wood creosote; wood naphtha;
vegetable pitch; brewers' pitch and similar preparations based
on rosin, resin acids or on vegetable pitch.................................

kg..............

0.1%1/

20%

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

15.4¢/kg +

57%

0.2%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
38-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3808

3808.52.00

00

3808.59
3808.59.10

00

Insecticides, rodenticides, fungicides, herbicides, antisprouting
products and plant-growth regulators, disinfectants and similar
products, put up in forms or packings for retail sale or as
preparations or articles (for example, sulfur-treated bands,
wicks and candles, and flypapers):

Good specified in subheading note 1 to this chapter:

DDT (ISO) (clofenatone (INN)), in packings of a net
weight content not exceeding 300 g..............................

kg..............

6.5%3/

Other:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
pesticide....................................................................

kg..............

6.5%

3808.59.40

00

Disinfectants.......................................................

kg..............

5%1/

Other:

3808.59.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

31%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

31%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
38-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3808 (con.)

3808.61

3808.61.10

00

Insecticides, rodenticides, fungicides, herbicides, antisprouting
products and plant-growth regulators, disinfectants and similar
products, put up in forms or packings for retail sale or as
preparations or articles (for example, sulfur-treated bands,
wicks and candles, and flypapers): (con.)

Good specified in subheading note 2 to this chapter:

In packings of a net weight content not exceeding 300
g:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
pesticide....................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3808.61.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5%3/

3808.62

3808.62.10

00

In packings of a net weight content exceeding 300 g
but not exceeding 7.5 kg:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
pesticide....................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3808.62.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

3808.69
3808.69.10

00

Other:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
pesticide....................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3808.69.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

15.4¢/kg +

31%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

31%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

31%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
38-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3808 (con.)

3808.91
3808.91.10

00

3808.91.15

00

Insecticides, rodenticides, fungicides, herbicides, antisprouting
products and plant-growth regulators, disinfectants and similar
products, put up in forms or packings for retail sale or as
preparations or articles (for example, sulfur-treated bands,
wicks and candles, and flypapers): (con.)

Other:

Insecticides:

Fly ribbons (ribbon fly catchers).............................

kg..............

2.8%1/

Other:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
insecticide:

Mixtures of N-[[(4-chlorophenyl)amino]-
carbonyl]-2,6-difluorobenzamide and inert
substances...................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3808.91.25

01

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3808.91.30

00

Containing an inorganic substance.................

kg..............

5%1/

3808.91.50

01

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

31%

15.4¢/kg +

31%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3808 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
38-9

Insecticides, rodenticides, fungicides, herbicides, antisprouting
products and plant-growth regulators, disinfectants and similar
products, put up in forms or packings for retail sale or as
preparations or articles (for example, sulfur-treated bands,
wicks and candles, and flypapers): (con.)

3808.92

Other: (con.)

Fungicides:

3808.92.05

00

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
fungicide:

Mixtures of dinocap and application
adjuvants............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3808.92.15

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

Containing any fungicide which is a thioamide,
thiocarbamate, dithiocarbamate, thiuram or
isothiocyanate:

3808.92.24

00

3808.92.28

00

Maneb; Zineb; Mancozeb; and Metiram....

kg..............

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.7%1/

3808.92.30

00

Containing an inorganic substance...........

kg..............

5%1/

Other:

3808.92.50

Other.............................................................

..................

5%1/

40

80

Formulated fungicides containing any
3-iodoprop-2-yn-1-yl
butylcarbamate(IPBC).........................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg +

31%

15.4¢/kg +

31%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
38-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3808 (con.)

3808.93

3808.93.05

00

Insecticides, rodenticides, fungicides, herbicides, antisprouting
products and plant-growth regulators, disinfectants and similar
products, put up in forms or packings for retail sale or as
preparations or articles (for example, sulfur-treated bands,
wicks and candles, and flypapers): (con.)

Other: (con.)

Herbicides, anti-sprouting products and plant-growth
regulators:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
herbicide, anti-sprouting agent or plant-growth
regulator:

Mixtures of 2,6-dichlorobenzonitrile and inerts;
Mixtures of 3,5-dichloro-N-(1,1-dimethyl-2-
propynyl) benzamide (Pronamide) and
application adjuvants; Mixtures of
2-[(1-ethoxyimino)butyl]-5-[2-
ethylthiopropyl]-3-hydroxy-2-cyclohexen-1-
one (Sethoxydim) and application adjuvants;
Mixtures of ethyl 2-[4-[(6-chloro-2-
benzoxazolyl)oxy]phenoxy]propanoate
(Fenoxaprop-ethyl) and isooctyl
2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetate; Mixtures of
isooctyl 2-methyl-4-chlorophen- oxyacetate
and application adjuvants.................................

kg..............

Free1/

3808.93.15

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3808.93.20

00

Containing an inorganic substance.................

kg..............

5%1/

Other:

3808.93.50

Other...................................................................

..................

5%1/

10

20

40

Mixtures of
2-amino-4-[hydroxy(methyl)phosphonoyl]
butanoic acid (glufosinate) or its salts or
esters and application adjuvants..............

Mixtures of N-(phosphonomethyl) glycine
(glyphosate) or its salts or esters and
application adjuvants..................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg +

31%

15.4¢/kg +

31%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3808 (con.)

3808.94
3808.94.10

00

Insecticides, rodenticides, fungicides, herbicides, antisprouting
products and plant-growth regulators, disinfectants and similar
products, put up in forms or packings for retail sale or as
preparations or articles (for example, sulfur-treated bands,
wicks and candles, and flypapers): (con.)

Other: (con.)

Disinfectants:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
disinfectant................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3808.94.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

5%1/

10

50

80

95

Wipes, other than paper wipes or nonwoven
wipes, impregnated with alcohol or other
disinfectants4/.....................................................

Hydrogen peroxide put up in disinfectant
preparations for sanitizing or disinfecting
surfaces..............................................................

Alcohol-based hand sanitizer containing 60
percent or more by weight of ethanol, of a kind
described in statistical note 1 to this
chapter................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

3808.99

Other:

3808.99.04

00

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
pesticide:

Mixtures of 1,1-bis(4-chlorophenyl)-2,2,2-
trichloroethanol (Dicofol) and application
adjuvants............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3808.99.08

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3808.99.30

00

Other:

Formulated biocides based on
2-methyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one, or
2-n-octyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one, or
4,5-dichloro-2-n-octyl-4-isothiazolin-3-one, or
mixtures of 5-chloro-2-methyl-4-
isothiazolin-3-one and 2-methyl-4-
isothiazolin-3-one; and Metaldehyde...............

Other:

kg..............

Free1/

3808.99.70

00

Containing an inorganic substance...........

kg..............

5%1/

3808.99.95

01

Other.............................................................

kg..............

5%1/

15.4¢/kg +

31%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

31%

15.4¢/kg +

31%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
38-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3809

3809.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Finishing agents, dye carriers to accelerate the dyeing or fixing
of dyestuffs and other products and preparations (for example,
dressings and mordants), of a kind used in the textile, paper,
leather or like industries, not elsewhere specified or included:
With a basis of amylaceous substances.............................

kg..............

2.2¢/kg + 3%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17.6¢/kg +

25%

3809.91.00

00

Of a kind used in the textile or like industries...............

kg..............

6%1/

Other:

3809.92
3809.92.10

00

Of a kind used in the paper or like industries:

Containing 5 percent or more by weight of one or
more aromatic or modified aromatic substances...

kg..............

6.5%1/

3809.92.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

3809.93
3809.93.10

00

Of a kind used in the leather or like industries:

Containing 5 percent or more by weight of one or
more aromatic or modified aromatic substances...

kg..............

6.5%1/

3809.93.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3% (JP)

60%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3810

3810.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-13

2

Pickling preparations for metal surfaces; fluxes and other
auxiliary preparations for soldering, brazing or welding;
soldering, brazing or welding powders and pastes consisting
of metal and other materials; preparations of a kind used as
cores or coatings for welding electrodes or rods:

Pickling preparations for metal surfaces; soldering, brazing
or welding powders and pastes consisting of metal and
other materials........................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3810.90
3810.90.10

00

Other:

Containing 5 percent or more by weight of one or more
aromatic or modified aromatic substances..................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3810.90.20

00

Consisting wholly of inorganic substances...................

kg..............

3810.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5%1/

3811

Antiknock preparations, oxidation inhibitors, gum inhibitors,
viscosity improvers, anti-corrosive preparations and other
prepared additives, for mineral oils (including gasoline) or for
other liquids used for the same purposes as mineral oils:

3811.11
3811.11.10

00

Antiknock preparations:

Based on lead compounds:

Based on tetraethyl lead or on a mixture of
tetraethyl lead and tetramethyl lead.......................

kg..............

Free1/

3811.11.50
3811.19.00

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
6.5%1/

Additives for lubricating oils:

3811.21.00

00

Containing petroleum oils or oils obtained from
bituminous minerals........................................................

kg..............

6.5%5/

3811.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%5/

3811.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

25%
3.7¢/kg + 60%

60%

25%2/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
38-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3812

3812.10
3812.10.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Prepared rubber accelerators; compound plasticizers for rubber
or plastics, not elsewhere specified or included; antioxidizing
preparations and other compound stabilizers for rubber or
plastics:

Prepared rubber accelerators:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic rubber
accelerator.......................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3812.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

3812.20
3812.20.10

00

Compound plasticizers for rubber or plastics:

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
plasticizer.........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3812.20.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

57%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3812 (con.)

3812.31.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-15

2

Prepared rubber accelerators; compound plasticizers for rubber
or plastics, not elsewhere specified or included; antioxidizing
preparations and other compound stabilizers for rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Anti-oxidizing preparations and other compound stabilizers
for rubber or plastics:

Mixtures of oligomers of
2,2,4-trimethyl-1,2-dihydroquinoline (TMQ)................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3812.39

Other:

3812.39.20

00

3812.39.30

00

Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic
antioxidant or other stabilizer:

Mixtures of
N,N'-diaryl-p-phenylenediamines....................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Master batches of poly[nitrilomethanetetraaryl-
nitrilo[2,4,6- tris(1-methylethyl)-1,3-
phenylene]]-2,6-bis(1-methylethyl)phenyl]-ω-
[[[[2,6-bis(1-methylethyl)phenyl]amino]-
methylene]amino]carbodiimide or
2,4-diisocyanate-1,3,5-tris(1-methylethyl)-
benzene homopolymer with polyethylene,
polyethylene terephthalate, or thermoplastic
polyurethanes;Master batches of
3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-
(tert-butyl)-4-hydroxybenzenepropanoic acid,
C7-C9 branched or linear alkyl esters;
andMaster batches of
α-[3-[3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-
yl)-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]-1-
oxopropyl-ω-[3-[3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-
(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]-1-oxo-
propyl] poly(oxyethylene)..................................

kg..............

Free1/

3812.39.60

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

3812.39.70

00

Bis(1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-piperidinyl)
sebacate.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3812.39.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

3813.00

Preparations and charges for fire extinguishers; charged
fire-extinguishing grenades:

3813.00.10

00

Consisting wholly of inorganic substances.........................

kg..............

3813.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.7%1/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.7¢/kg + 60%

3.7¢/kg + 60%

25%

25%

25%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
38-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3814.00

3814.00.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Organic composite solvents and thinners, not elsewhere
specified or included; prepared paint or varnish removers:

Containing 5 percent or more but not more than 25 percent
by weight of one or more aromatic or modified aromatic
substances..............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3814.00.20

00

Containing more than 25 percent by weight of one or more
aromatic or modified aromatic substances.........................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3814.00.50

Other........................................................................................

..................

6%1/

10

90

Containing methyl chloroform (1,1,1-trichloro- ethane)
or carbon tetrachloride....................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

3815

Reaction initiators, reaction accelerators and catalytic
preparations, not elsewhere specified or included:

Supported catalysts:

3815.11.00

00

3815.12.00

10

90
00

3815.19.00

3815.90

With nickel or nickel compounds as the active
substance4/.......................................................................

With precious metal or precious metal compounds as
the active substance.......................................................

kg..............

Free1/

..................

Free1/

With platinum group metals as the active
substance..................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other4/...............................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Consisting wholly of inorganic substances:

3815.90.10

00

Of bismuth, of tungsten or of vanadium.................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3815.90.20

00

Of mercury or of molybdenum.................................

kg..............

2.8%1/

3815.90.30
3815.90.50

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
5%1/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

15.4¢/kg +
43.5%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%2/

40%

18%

25%
25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-17

2

Refractory cements, mortars, concretes and similar
compositions, including dolomite ramming mix, other than
products of heading 3801:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3816

3816.00.10

00

Dolomite ramming mix...........................................................

t .................

3816.00.20

Other........................................................................................

..................

Free1/

3%1/

10

50

Clay...................................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

3817

Mixed alkylbenzenes and mixed alkylnaphthalenes, other than
those of heading 2707 or 2902:
Mixed alkylbenzenes:

3817.00.10

00

Mixed linear alkylbenzenes............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3817.00.15

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3817.00.20

00

Mixed alkylnaphthalenes.......................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3818.00.00

3819.00.00

10

20

30

95

10

90

Chemical elements doped for use in electronics, in the form of
discs, wafers or similar forms; chemical compounds doped for
use in electronics..........................................................................
Gallium arsenide wafers, doped...........................................

..................
kg

Free6/

Polycrystalline silicon wafers, doped...................................

Silicon carbide wafers, doped..............................................

Other........................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Hydraulic brake fluids and other prepared liquids for hydraulic
transmission, not containing or containing less than 70 percent
by weight of petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous
minerals..........................................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

Hydraulic brake fluids............................................................

Other........................................................................................

kg

kg

3820.00.00

00

Antifreezing preparations and prepared deicing fluids.............

kg..............

6.5%3/

3821.00.00

Prepared culture media for development or maintenance of
micro-organisms (including viruses and the like) or of plant,
human or animal cells...................................................................

..................

5%

10

90

Viral transport media.......................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

30%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

55%

15.4¢/kg +

55%

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

63%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
38-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3822

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Diagnostic or laboratory reagents on a backing, prepared
diagnostic or laboratory reagents whether or not on a backing,
whether or not put up in the form of kits, other than those of
heading 3006; certified reference materials:

Diagnostic or laboratory reagents on a backing, prepared
diagnostic or laboratory reagents whether or not on a
backing, whether or not put up in the form of kits:

3822.11.00

00

For malaria.......................................................................

kg..............

Free

3822.12.00

00

For Zika and other diseases transmitted by mosquitoes
of the genus Aedes.........................................................

kg..............

Free

3822.13.00

00

For blood-grouping .........................................................

kg..............

Free

3822.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free

10

30

40

80
00

3822.90.00

Containing antigens or antisera:

Containing methyl chloroform
(1,1,1-trichloroethane) or carbon tetrachloride
.............................................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Containing methyl chloroform
(1,1,1-trichloroethane) or carbon
tetrachloride........................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Certified reference materials.................................................

kg
kg..............

Free

Free

Free

Free

25%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-19

2

Industrial monocarboxylic fatty acids; acid oils from refining;
industrial fatty alcohols:

Industrial monocarboxylic fatty acids; acid oils from refining:
Stearic acid......................................................................

kg..............

2.1¢/kg + 3.8%3/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3823

3823.11.00

00

3823.12.00

00

Oleic acid.........................................................................

kg..............

2.1¢/kg + 3.2%3/

3823.13.00

Tall oil fatty acids.............................................................

..................

3.2%3/

20

40

00

3823.19
3823.19.20

Containing less than two percent rosin..................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Derived from coconut, palm-kernel or palm oil......

kg..............

2.3%3/

3823.19.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.2%3/

3823.70

Industrial fatty alcohols:

Derived from fatty substances of animal or vegetable
origin:

3823.70.20

00

Oleyl...........................................................................

kg..............

5.1%3/

3823.70.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2%3/

3823.70.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.4%3/

6.6¢/kg + 25%

6.6¢/kg + 20%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

39.5%

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
38-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3824

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Prepared binders for foundry molds or cores; chemical products
and preparations of the chemical or allied industries (including
those consisting of mixtures of natural products), not elsewhere
specified or included:

3824.10.00

00

Prepared binders for foundry molds or cores.....................

kg..............

6%1/

3824.30.00

00

Nonagglomerated metal carbides mixed together or with
metallic binders......................................................................

kg..............

3.6%1/

3824.40
3824.40.10

00

Prepared additives for cements, mortars or concretes:

Containing 5 percent or more by weight of one or more
aromatic or modified aromatic substances..................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3824.40.20

00

Consisting wholly of inorganic substances...................

kg..............

3824.40.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5%1/

3824.50.00

3824.60.00

10

50
00

Nonrefractory mortars and concretes..................................
Wet....................................................................................

..................
t

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Sorbitol other than that of subheading 2905.44.................

t
kg..............

4.9%3/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.7¢/kg + 60%

25%

25%2/

20%

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3824 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-21

2

Prepared binders for foundry molds or cores; chemical products
and preparations of the chemical or allied industries (including
those consisting of mixtures of natural products), not elsewhere
specified or included: (con.)

Goods specified in subheading note 3 to this chapter:

3824.81.00

00

Containing oxirane (ethylene oxide)..............................

kg..............

5%1/

3824.82

Containing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs),
polychlorinated terphenyls ({PCTs) or polybrominated
biphenyls (PBBs):

3824.82.10

00

Chlorinated but not otherwise halogenated...........

kg..............

6.5%1/

3824.82.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3824.83.00

00

Containing tris(2,3-dibromopropyl) phospate..............

kg..............

5%1/

3824.84.00

00

Containing aldrin (ISO), camphechlor (ISO)
(toxaphene), chlordane (ISO), chlordecone (ISO), DDT
(ISO) (clofenatone (INN)),
1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane), dieldrin
(ISO INN), endosulfan (ISO), endrin (ISO), heptachlor
(ISO) or mirex (ISO)........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3824.85.00

00

Containing 1,2,3,4,5,6-hexachlorocyclohexane (HCH
(ISO)), including lindane (ISO,INN)..............................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3824.86.00

00

Containing pentachlorobenzene (ISO) or
hexachlorobenzene (ISO)..............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3824.87.00

00

Containing perfluorooctane sulfonic acid, its salts,
perfluorooctane sulfonamides, or perfluorooctane
sulfonyl fluoride................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3824.88.00

00

Containing tetra-, penta-, hexa-, hepta-, or
octabromodiphenyl ethers..............................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

114.5%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

114.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

114.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
38-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3824 (con.)

3824.89.00

00

3824.91.00

00

Prepared binders for foundry molds or cores; chemical products
and preparations of the chemical or allied industries (including
those consisting of mixtures of natural products), not elsewhere
specified or included: (con.)

Goods specified in subheading note 3 to this chapter: (con.)
Containing short-chain chlorinated paraffins...............

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

Mixtures and preparations consisting mainly of
(5-ethyl-2-methyl-2-oxido3,2-dioxaphosphinan-5-yl)methyl
methylphosphonate and
bis(5-ethyl-2-methyl-2-oxido-1,3,2-dioxaphosphinan-5-yl)methyl
methylphosphonate.........................................................

kg..............

5%1/

3824.92.00

00

Polyglycol esters of methylphosphonic acid.................

kg..............

5%1/

3824.99

Other:

3824.99.11

00

3824.99.19

00

Cultured crystals (other than optical elements of
chapter 90), weighing not less than 2.5 g each:

In the form of ingots...........................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%2/

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3824 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-23

2

Prepared binders for foundry molds or cores; chemical products
and preparations of the chemical or allied industries (including
those consisting of mixtures of natural products), not elsewhere
specified or included: (con.)

3824.99
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Mixtures containing 5 percent or more by
weight of one or more aromatic or modified
aromatic substances:

Consisting wholly of substances found
naturally in coal tar, whether obtained from
coal tar or other source...............................

Aqueous mixtures of triphenyl sulfonium
chloride, diphenyl (4-phenylthio)phenyl
sulfonium chloride and (thiodi-4,1-
phenylene)bis(diphenyl sulfonium)
dichloride......................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free

kg..............

6.5%1/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3824.99.21

00

3824.99.25

00

3824.99.26

00

Benzene, 2,4-diisocyanate-1,3,5-tris(1-
methylethyl) homopolymer;
5-Fluoro-2-methyl-1-[[4-(methylsulfinyl)-
phenyl]methylene]-1H-indene;Mixtures of
dimethyl phthalate, t-butanol, hydrogen
peroxide, and sodium salicylate;
andMixtures containing derivatives of
N-[4-(2-
hydroxy-3-phenoxypropoxy)phenyl]-
acetamide....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3824.99.29

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3.7¢/kg + 60%

3.7¢/kg + 60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
38-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3824 (con.)

3824.99
(con.)

3824.99.31

00

3824.99.32

00

Prepared binders for foundry molds or cores; chemical products
and preparations of the chemical or allied industries (including
those consisting of mixtures of natural products), not elsewhere
specified or included: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Mixtures of two or more inorganic compounds:
Of bismuth...................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Of hydrosulfite compounds, of sulfoxylate
compounds, or of both................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3824.99.33

00

Of mercury...................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3824.99.34

00

Of molybdenum...........................................

kg..............

2.8%1/

3824.99.35

00

Of tungsten..................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3824.99.36

00

Of vanadium................................................

kg..............

6.5%3/

3824.99.39

3824.99.41

10

90

40

90

Other.............................................................
Of lithium nickel cobalt manganese
oxides....................................................

Other......................................................
Fatty substances of animal or vegetable origin
and mixtures thereof..........................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

..................

4.6%1/

Mixtures of fatty acid esters.......................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

26.3%

18%

45.5%

40%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

16.5¢/kg +

30%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-25

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3824 (con.)

3824.99
(con.)

3824.99.49

00

Prepared binders for foundry molds or cores; chemical products
and preparations of the chemical or allied industries (including
those consisting of mixtures of natural products), not elsewhere
specified or included: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Mixtures that are in whole or in part of
hydrocarbons derived in whole or in part
from petroleum, shale oil or natural gas....

kg..............

6.5%1/

3824.99.50

00

Mixtures of halogenated hydrocarbons:
Chlorinated but not otherwise
halogenated..........................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3824.99.55

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

114.5%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VI
38-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3824 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Prepared binders for foundry molds or cores; chemical products
and preparations of the chemical or allied industries (including
those consisting of mixtures of natural products), not elsewhere
specified or included: (con.)

3824.99
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

3824.99.70

00

Mixtures of dibromo neopentyl glycol;
Polydibromophenylene oxide;
Tetrabromobisphenol-A-carbonate
oligomers; and Electroplating chemical
and electroless plating solutions and
other materials for printed circuit
boards, plastics and metal
finishings...............................................

kg..............

Free1/

3824.99.75

Naphthenic acids, their water-insoluble
salts and their esters............................

..................

3.7%1/

3824.99.93

10

50

10

20

30
61

86

97

Naphthenic acids...........................

kg

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

kg
..................

5%1/

Mixtures of acyclic, monohydric,
unsubstituted alcohols:

Containing C11 or lower
alcohols only............................

Containing C12 or higher
alcohols only............................

Other........................................

Mixtures consisting mainly of
chemicals containing a
phosphorus atom to which is
bonded one methyl, ethyl, n-propyl
or isopropyl group, but no other
carbon atoms.................................

Mixtures of a kind containing
magnesium used as a
desulfurization reagent.................

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-27

2

Residual products of the chemical or allied industries, not
elsewhere specified or included; municipal waste; sewage
sludge; other wastes specified in note 6 to this chapter:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3825

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free1/

Free1/

3825.10.01

00

Municipal waste......................................................................

kg..............

3825.20.00

00

Sewage sludge.......................................................................

kg..............

3825.30.00

00

Clinical waste..........................................................................

kg..............

3825.41.00

00

Halogenated.....................................................................

kg..............

Waste organic solvents:

3825.49.00
3825.50.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Wastes of metal-pickling liquors, hydraulic fluids, brake
fluids and anti-freeze fluids...................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3825.61.00

00

Mainly containing organic constituents.........................

kg..............

Other wastes from the chemical or allied industries:

3825.69.00
3825.90.01

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

3826.00

3826.00.10

00

Biodiesel and mixtures thereof, not containing or containing
less than 70 percent by weight of petroleum oils or oils obtained
from bituminous materials:

Biodiesel not containing petroleum oils or oils obtained
from bituminous materials (B100)........................................

kg..............

4.6%1/

3826.00.30

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free
Free

16.5¢/kg +

30%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VI
38-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3827

3827.11.00

00

Mixtures containing halogenated derivatives of methane,
ethane or propane, not elsewhere specified or included:

Containing chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), whether or not
containing hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs),
perfluorocarbons (PFCs) or hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs);
containing hydrobromofluorocarbons (HBFCs); containing
carbon tetrachloride; containing 1,1,1-trichloroethane
(methyl chloroform):

Containing chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), whether or
not containing hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs),
perfluorocarbons (PFCs) or hydrofluorocarbons
(HFCs)..............................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.12.00

00

Containing hydrobromofluorocarbons (HBFCs)..........

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.13.00

00

Containing carbon tetrachloride....................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3827.14.00

00

Containing 1,1,1-trichloroethane (methyl
chloroform).......................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3827.20.00

00

Containing bromochlorodifluoromethane (Halon-1211),
bromotrifluoromethane (Halon-1301) or
dibromotetrafluoroethanes (Halon-2402)............................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Containing hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs), whether
or not containing perfluorocarbons (PFCs) or
hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), but not containing
chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs):

Containing substances of subheadings 2903.41 to
2903.48............................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.31.00

00

3827.32.00

00

Other, containing substances of subheadings 2903.71
to 2903.75........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.39.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

25%

25%

114.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

114.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3827 (con.)

3827.40.00

00

Mixtures containing halogenated derivatives of methane,
ethane or propane, not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Containing methyl bromide (bromomethane) or
bromochloromethane.............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

Containing trifluoromethane (HFC-23) or perfluorocarbons
(PFCs) but not containing chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) or
hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs):

3827.51.00

00

Containing trifluoromethane (HFC-23).........................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.59.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Mixtures containing halogenated derivatives of methane,
ethane or propane, not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)
Containing other hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) but not
containing chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) or
hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs):

Containing 15 percent or more by mass of
1,1,1-trifluoroethane (HFC-143a)..................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VI
38-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3827 (con.)

3827.61.00

00

3827.62.00

00

Other, not included in the subheading above,
containing 55 percent or more by mass of
pentafluoroethane (HFC- 125) but not containing
unsaturated fluorinated derivatives of acyclic
hydrocarbons (HFOs).....................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.63.00

00

Other, not included in the subheadings above,
containing 40 percent or more by mass of
pentafluoroethane (HFC-125)........................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.64.00

00

Other, not included in the subheadings above,
containing 30 percent or more by mass of
1,1,1,2-tetrafluoroethane (HFC-134a) but not
containing unsaturated fluorinated derivatives of acyclic
hydrocarbons (HFOs).....................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.65.00

00

Other, not included in the subheadings above,
containing 20 percent or more by mass of
difluoromethane (HFC-32) and 20 percent or more by
mass of pentafluoroethane (HFC-125).........................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.68.00

00

Other, not included in the subheadings above,
containing substances of subheadings 2903.41 to
2903.48............................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

3827.69.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VI
38-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3827 (con.)

3827.90
3827.90.10

00

Mixtures containing halogenated derivatives of methane,
ethane or propane, not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Other:

Chlorinated but not otherwise halogenated..................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3827.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

114.5%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VI
Endnotes--page 38 - 32
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.15.
4/ See 9903.88.69.
5/ See 9903.88.02.
6/ See 9903.91.05.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION VII

PLASTICS AND ARTICLES THEREOF;
RUBBER AND ARTICLES THEREOF

Notes

VII-1

1. Goods put up in sets consisting of two or more separate constituents, some or all of which fall in this section and are intended
to be mixed together to obtain a product of section VI or VII, are to be classified in the heading appropriate to that product,
provided that the constituents are:

(a) Having regard to the manner in which they are put up, clearly identifiable as being intended to be used together without first

being repacked;

(b) Entered together; and

(c)

Identifiable, whether by their nature or by the relative proportions in which they are present, as being complementary one
to another.

2. Except for the goods of heading 3918 or 3919, plastics, rubber, and articles thereof, printed with motifs, characters or pictorial

representations, which are not merely subsidiary to the primary use of the goods, fall in chapter 49.

VII-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 39

PLASTICS AND ARTICLES THEREOF

Notes

1.

Throughout the tariff schedule the expression "plastics" means those materials of headings 3901 to 3914 which are or have been
capable, either at the moment of polymerization or at some subsequent stage, of being formed under external influence (usually
heat and pressure, if necessary with a solvent or plasticizer) by molding, casting, extruding, rolling or other process into shapes
which are retained on the removal of the external influence.

Throughout the tariff schedule, any reference to "plastics" also includes vulcanized fiber. The expression, however, does not
apply to materials regarded as textile materials of section XI.

VII
39-1

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Lubricating preparations of 2710 or 3403;

(b) Waxes of heading 2712 or 3404;

(c) Separate chemically defined organic compounds (chapter 29);

(d) Heparin or its salts (heading 3001);

(e) Solutions (other than collodions) consisting of any of the products specified in headings 3901 to 3913 in volatile organic

solvents when the weight of the solvent exceeds 50 percent of the weight of the solution (heading 3208); stamping foils of
heading 3212;

(f) Organic surface-active agents or preparations of heading 3402;

(g) Run gums or ester gums (heading 3806);

(h) Prepared additives for mineral oils (including gasoline) or for other liquids used for the same purposes as mineral oil (heading

3811);

(ij) Prepared hydraulic fluids based on polyglycols, silicones or other polymers of Chapter 39 (heading 3819);

(k) Diagnostic or laboratory reagents on a backing of plastics (heading 3822);

(l) Synthetic rubber, as defined for the purposes of chapter 40, or articles thereof;

(m) Saddlery or harness (heading 4201) or trunks, suitcases, handbags or other containers of heading 4202;

(n) Plaits, wickerwork or other articles of chapter 46;

(o) Wall coverings of heading 4814;

(p) Goods of section XI (textiles and textile articles);

(q) Articles of section XII (for example, footwear, headgear, umbrellas, sun umbrellas, walking-sticks, whips, riding-crops or

parts thereof);

(r)

Imitation jewelry of heading 7117;

(s) Articles of section XVI (machines and mechanical or electrical appliances);

(t) Parts of aircraft or vehicles of section XVII;

(u) Articles of chapter 90 (for example, optical elements, spectacle frames, drawing instruments);

(v) Articles of chapter 91 (for example, clock or watch cases);

(w) Articles of chapter 92 (for example, musical instruments or parts thereof);

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
39-2
Notes (con.)

(x) Articles of chapter 94 (for example, furniture, luminaires and lighting fittings, illuminated signs, prefabricated buildings);

(y) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games, sports equipment); or

(z) Articles of chapter 96 (for example, brushes, buttons, slide fasteners, combs, mouthpieces or stems for smoking pipes,

cigarette holders or the like, parts of vacuum flasks or the like, pens, mechanical pencils, and monopods, bipods, tripods
and similar articles).

3. Headings 3901 to 3911 apply only to goods of a kind produced by chemical synthesis, falling in the following categories:

(a) Liquid synthetic polyolefins of which less than 60 percent by volume distills at 300°C, after conversion to 1,013 millibars

when a reduced-pressure distillation method is used (headings 3901 and 3902);

(b) Resins, not highly polymerized, of the coumarone-indene type (heading 3911);

(c) Other synthetic polymers with an average of at least five monomer units;

(d) Silicones (heading 3910);

(e) Resols (heading 3909) and other prepolymers.

4.

The expression "copolymers" covers all polymers in which no single monomer contributes 95 percent or more by weight to the
total polymer content.

For the purposes of this chapter, except where the context otherwise requires, copolymers (including co-polycondensates,
co-polyaddition products, block copolymers and graft copolymers) and polymer blends are to be classified in the heading covering
polymers of that comonomer unit which predominates by weight over every other single comonomer unit. For the purposes of
this note, constituent comonomer units of polymers falling in the same heading shall be taken together.

If no single comonomer predominates, copolymers or polymer blends, as the case may be, are to be classified in the heading
which occurs last in numerical order among those which equally merit consideration.

5. Chemically modified polymers, that is, those in which only appendages to the main polymer chain have been changed by chemical
reaction, are to be classified in the heading appropriate to the unmodified polymer. This provision does not apply to graft
copolymers.

6.

In headings 3901 to 3914, the expression "primary forms" applies only to the following forms:

(a) Liquids and pastes, including dispersions (emulsions and suspensions) and solutions;

(b) Blocks of irregular shape, lumps, powders (including molding powders), granules, flakes and similar bulk forms.

7. Heading 3915 does not apply to waste, parings and scrap of a single thermoplastic material, transformed into primary forms

(headings 3901 to 3914).

8.

9.

10.

For the purposes of heading 3917, the expression "tubes, pipes and hoses" means hollow products, whether semimanufactures
or finished products, of a kind generally used for conveying, conducting or distributing gases or liquids (for example, ribbed
garden hose, perforated tubes). This expression also includes sausage casings and other lay-flat tubing. However, except for
the last mentioned, those having an internal cross section other than round, oval, rectangular (in which the length does not
exceed 1.5 times the width) or in the shape of a regular polygon are not to be regarded as tubes, pipes and hoses, but as profile
shapes.

For the purposes of heading 3918, the expression "wall or ceiling coverings of plastics" applies to products in rolls, of a width
not less than 45 cm, suitable for wall or ceiling decoration, consisting of plastics fixed permanently on a backing of any material
other than paper, the layer of plastics (on the face side) being grained, embossed, colored, design-printed or otherwise decorated.

In headings 3920 and 3921, the expression "plates, sheets, film, foil and strip" applies only to plates, sheets, film, foil and strip
(other than those of chapter 54) and to blocks of regular geometric shape, whether or not printed or otherwise surface-worked,
uncut or cut into rectangles (including squares) but not further worked (even if when so cut they become articles ready for use).

11. Heading 3925 applies only to the following articles, not being products covered by any of the earlier headings of subchapter II:

(a) Reservoirs, tanks (including septic tanks), vats and similar containers, of a capacity exceeding 300 liters;

(b) Structural elements used, for example, in floors, walls or partitions, ceilings or roofs;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
39-3

Notes (con.)

(c) Gutters and fittings therefor;

(d) Doors, windows and their frames and thresholds for doors;

(e) Balconies, balustrades, fencing, gates and similar barriers;

(f) Shutters, blinds (including venetian blinds) and similar articles and parts and fittings thereof;

(g) Large-scale shelving for assembly and permanent installation, for example, in shops, workshops, warehouses;

(h) Ornamental architectural features, for example, flutings, cupolas, dovecotes; and

(ij) Fittings and mountings intended for permanent installation in or on doors, windows, staircases, walls or other parts of

buildings, for example, knobs, handles, hooks, brackets, towel rails, switch plates and other protective plates.

Subheading Notes

1. Within any one heading of this chapter, polymers (including copolymers) are to be classified according to the following provisions:

(a) Where there is a subheading named "Other" in the same series:

(1) The designation in a subheading of a polymer by the prefix "poly" (for example, polyethylene and polyamide-6,6) means

that the constituent monomer unit or monomer units of the named polymer taken together must contribute 95 percent
or more by weight of the total polymer content.

(2) The copolymers named in subheadings 3901.30, 3901.40, 3903.20, 3903.30 and 3904.30 are to be classified in those
subheadings, provided that the comonomer units of the named copolymers contribute 95 percent or more by weight of
the total polymer content.

(3) Chemically modified polymers are to be classified in the subheading named "Other", provided that the chemically modified

polymers are not more specifically covered by another subheading.

(4) Polymers not meeting (1), (2), or (3), above, are to be classified in the subheading, among the remaining subheadings
in the series, covering polymers of that monomer unit which predominates by weight over every other single comonomer
unit. For this purpose, constituent monomer units of polymers falling in the same subheading shall be taken together.
Only the constituent comonomer units of the polymers in the series of subheadings under consideration are to be
compared.

(b) Where there is no subheading named "Other" in the same series:

(1) Polymers are to be classified in the subheading covering polymers of that monomer unit which predominates by weight

over every other single comonomer unit. For this purpose, constituent monomer units of polymers falling in the same
subheading shall be taken together. Only the constituent comonomer units of the polymers in the series under
consideration are to be compared.

(2) Chemically modified polymers are to be classified in the subheading appropriate to the unmodified polymer.

Polymer blends are to be classified in the same subheading as polymers of the same monomer units in the same proportions.

2.

For the purposes of subheading 3920.43, the term “plasticizers” includes secondary plasticizers.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "elastomeric" means a plastics material which after cross-linking can be stretched at
20°C to at least three times its original length and that, after having been stretched to twice its original length and the stress
removed, returns within five minutes to less than 150 percent of its original length. Elastomeric plastics may also contain fillers,
extenders, pigments or rubber-processing chemicals, whether or not such plastics material, after the addition of such fillers,
extenders, pigments or chemicals, can meet the tests specified in the first part of this note.

For the purposes of heading 3916, the rate of duty "Free (B)" appearing in the "Special" subcolumn applies only to articles
measuring not more than 38.1 cm in length.

For the purposes of heading 3917, with respect to tubes, pipes and hoses, the rate of duty "Free (C)" appearing in the "Special"
subcolumn applies only to tubes, pipes and hoses having attached fittings.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
39-4
Subheading Notes (con.)

4.

For the purposes of heading 3921, the rate of duty "Free (B)" appearing in the "Special" subcolumn applies only to articles
measuring not more than 38.1 cm in width and not more than 45.7 cm in length.

5.

For the purposes of heading 3924, the expression “household articles” does not include photo albums (see subheading 3926.90.48).

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 3904.61.0010, the term “granular” refers to polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) resins
and raw polymer produced by suspension polymerization as determined by ASTM D 4894-98a or PTFE compounds produced
therefrom as determined by ASTM D 4745, or micropowders from such resins or raw polymer as determined by ASTM D 5675
(Group 1, Class 1,4,6).

2.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 3918.10.1030, an expanded polymer core is a core that includes foaming agents.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

I. PRIMARY FORMS

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VII
39-5

3901
3901.10
3901.10.10

Polymers of ethylene, in primary forms:

Polyethylene having a specific gravity of less than 0.94:

00

Having a relative viscosity of 1.44 or more...................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3901.10.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

10

20

30

00

3901.20
3901.20.10

Linear low density polyethylene..............................

kg

Low density polyethylene, except linear low density
polyethylene..............................................................

Medium density polyethylene..................................

Polyethylene having a specific gravity of 0.94 or more:

kg

kg

Having a relative viscosity of 1.44 or more...................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3901.20.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3901.30
3901.30.20

00

Ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymers:

Vinyl acetate-vinyl chloride-ethylene terpolymers,
containing by weight less than 50 percent derivatives
of vinyl acetate, except those polymerized from
aromatic or modified aromatic monomers....................

kg..............

Free1/

3901.30.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5.3%1/

3901.40.00

00

Ethylene-alpha-olefin copolymers, having a specific gravity
of less than 0.94.....................................................................

kg..............

6.5%2/

3901.90
3901.90.10

00

Other:

Elastomeric......................................................................

kg..............

3901.90.55

01

Ethylene copolymers................................................

kg..............

Other:

Free1/

6.5%1/

3901.90.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

43%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

43%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

43%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

43%

43.5%

43.5%

43%

20%

43%

2.2¢/kg

+33.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

VII
39-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

3902
3902.10.00

Polymers of propylene or of other olefins, in primary forms:

00

Polypropylene.........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3902.20
3902.20.10

00

Polyisobutylene:

Elastomeric......................................................................

kg..............

3902.20.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

3902.30.00

00

Propylene copolymers...........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3902.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

10

50

Polybutylene.....................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

3903

Polymers of styrene, in primary forms:

Polystyrene:

3903.11.00

00

Expandable......................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3903.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3903.20.00

00

Styrene-acrylonitrile (SAN) copolymers..............................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3903.30.00

00

Acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS) copolymers............

kg..............

6.5%1/

3903.90
3903.90.10

00

Other:

Methyl methacrylate-butadiene-styrene (MBS)
copolymers.......................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3903.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

2

33.5%3/

20%3/

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
D, E, IL, J, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

46%

15.4¢/kg +

46%

15.4¢/kg +
45.5%

15.4¢/kg +

47%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
67.5%

15.4¢/kg +

46%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VII
39-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3904

3904.10.00

00

Polymers of vinyl chloride or of other halogenated olefins, in
primary forms:

Poly(vinyl chloride), not mixed with any other
substances..............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3904.21.00

00

Nonplasticized.................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other poly(vinyl chloride):

3904.22.00

00

Plasticized........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3904.30
3904.30.20

00

Vinyl chloride-vinyl acetate copolymers:

Vinyl acetate-vinyl chloride-ethylene terpolymers,
containing by weight less than 50 percent derivatives
of vinyl acetate, except those polymerized from
aromatic or modified aromatic monomers....................

kg..............

Free1/

3904.30.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5.3%1/

3904.40.00

00

Other vinyl chloride copolymers...........................................

kg..............

5.3%1/

3904.50.00

00

Vinylidene chloride polymers................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3904.61.00

Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE).....................................

..................

5.8%1/

Fluoropolymers:

10

90

00

3904.69
3904.69.10

Granular, whether or not filled or compounded (see
statistical note 1 to this chapter).............................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Elastomeric................................................................

kg..............

3904.69.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

43.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

43.5%

43.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

43.5%

43.5%

43.5%

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

34.1%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%3/

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VII
39-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3904 (con.)

3904.90
3904.90.10

00

Polymers of vinyl chloride or of other halogenated olefins, in
primary forms: (con.)

Other:

Elastomeric......................................................................

kg..............

3904.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3905

Polymers of vinyl acetate or of other vinyl esters, in primary
forms; other vinyl polymers in primary forms:

Poly(vinyl acetate):

3905.12.00

00

In aqueous dispersion.....................................................

kg..............

3905.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3905.21.00

00

In aqueous dispersion.....................................................

kg..............

Vinyl acetate copolymers:

3905.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.5%1/

4%1/

4%1/

4%1/

4%1/

3905.30.00

00

Poly(vinyl alcohol), whether or not containing unhydrolyzed
acetate groups........................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

3905.91
3905.91.10

00

Other:

Copolymers:

Containing by weight 50 percent or more of
derivatives of vinyl acetate......................................

kg..............

4%1/

3905.91.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.3%1/

3905.99
3905.99.30

00

Other:

Polyvinyl carbazole (including adjuvants)..............

kg..............

3905.99.80

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

5.3%1/

20%

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

37.5%

37.5%

37.5%

37.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

37.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

37.5%

43.5%

43.5%

43.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
39-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

3906
3906.10.00

Acrylic polymers in primary forms:

00

Poly(methyl methacrylate).....................................................

kg..............

6.3%1/

3906.90
3906.90.10

00

Other:

Elastomeric......................................................................

kg..............

3906.90.20

00

Plastics......................................................................

kg..............

Other:

Free1/

6.3%1/

3906.90.50

00

Other4/........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3907

Polyacetals, other polyethers and epoxide resins, in primary
forms; polycarbonates, alkyd resins, polyallyl esters and other
polyesters, in primary forms:

3907.10.00

00

Polyacetals..............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3907.21.00

00

Bis(polyoxyethylene) methylphosphonate....................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other polyethers:

3907.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3907.30.00

00

Epoxide resins........................................................................

kg..............

6.1%1/

3907.40.00

00

Polycarbonates.......................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

3907.50.00

00

Alkyd resins............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

37%

20%

37%

25%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%3/

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%3/

15.4¢/kg +

47%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

VII
39-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3907 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Polyacetals, other polyethers and epoxide resins, in primary
forms; polycarbonates, alkyd resins, polyallyl esters and other
polyesters, in primary forms: (con.)
Poly(ethylene terephthalate):

3907.61.00

Having a viscosity number of 78 ml/g or higher...........

..................

6.5%1/

10

50

10

50
00

3907.69.00

3907.70.00

Having a viscosity number of 78 ml/g or more
but not more than 88 ml/g.................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

6.5%1/

Having a viscosity number of 70 ml/g or more
but less than 78 ml/g.........................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Poly(lactic acid)......................................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5%1/

3907.91

Other polyesters:
Unsaturated:

Allyl resins:

3907.91.20

00

Allyl resins, uncompounded..............................

kg..............

3907.91.40

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.8%1/

3907.91.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3907.99
3907.99.20

00

Other:

Thermoplastic liquid crystal aromatic polyester
copolymers................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3907.99.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

10

50

Polybutylene terephthalate...............................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-11

2

3908
3908.10.00

Polyamides in primary forms:

00

Polyamide-6, -11, -12, -6,6, -6,9, -6,10 or -6,12................

kg..............

6.3%1/

3908.90
3908.90.20

00

Other:

Bis(4-amino-3-methylcyclohexyl)methane- isophthalic
acid-laurolactam copolymer...........................................

kg..............

Free1/

3908.90.70

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3909

Amino-resins, phenolic resins and polyurethanes, in primary
forms:

3909.10.00

00

Urea resins; thiourea resins..................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3909.20.00

00

Melamine resins.....................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other amino-resins:

3909.31.00

00

Poly(methylene phenyl isocyanate) (crude MDI,
polymeric MDI)................................................................

kg..............

6.5%2/

3909.39.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.5%2/

3909.40.00

00

Phenolic resins.......................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3909.50
3909.50.10

00

Polyurethanes:

Elastomeric......................................................................

kg..............

3909.50.20

00

Cements...........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

2.1%1/

3909.50.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.3%1/

3910.00.00

00

Silicones in primary forms............................................................

kg..............

3%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +
51.5%

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

41.5%

41.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

41.5%

41.5%

15.4¢/kg +

48%

20%

20%

15.4¢/kg +
51.5%

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Petroleum resins, coumarone-indene resins, polyterpenes,
polysulfides, polysulfones and other products specified in note
3 to this chapter, not elsewhere specified or included, in primary
forms:

Petroleum resins, coumarone, indene or coumarone-indene
resins; polyterpenes...............................................................

kg..............

6.1%1/

3911.20.00

00

Poly(1,3-phenylene methylphosphonate)............................

kg..............

6.5%1/

Other:

Elastomeric......................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

20%

VII
39-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3911

3911.10.00

00

3911.90
3911.90.10

00

3911.90.15

00

Other:

Containing monomer units which are aromatic or
modified aromatic, or which are obtained, derived
or manufactured in whole or in part therefrom:

Thermoplastic:

Poly(nitrilomethanetetraarylnitrilo-
[2,4,6-tris-(1-methyethyl)-1,3-
phenylene]]-2,6-bis(1-methylethyl)-
phenyl]-ω-[[[2,6-bis(1-methylethyl)-
phenyl]amino]methylene]amino
carbodiimide or
2,4-diisocyanate-1,3,5-tris(1-methyl- ethyl)
homopolymer with polyethylene................

kg..............

Free1/

3911.90.25

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.1%1/

3911.90.35

00

Thermosetting:

1,1'-Bis(methylenedi-4,1-phenylene)-
1H-pyrrole-2,5-dione, copolymer with
4,4'-methylenebis(benzeneamine); and
Hydrocarbon novolac cyanate ester.........

kg..............

Free1/

3911.90.45

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

3911.90.70

00

Chlorinated synthetic rubber............................

kg..............

Other:

3911.90.91

Other...................................................................

..................

Free1/

6.5%1/

10

50

Thermoplastic..............................................

Thermosetting.............................................

kg

kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15.4¢/kg +

49%

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

15.4¢/kg +

49%

15.4¢/kg +

49%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

15.4¢/kg +

45%

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3912

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Cellulose and its chemical derivatives, not elsewhere specified
or included, in primary forms:
Cellulose acetates:

VII
39-13

2

3912.11.00

00

Nonplasticized.................................................................

kg..............

5.6%2/

3912.12.00

00

Plasticized........................................................................

kg..............

5.6%1/

3912.20.00

00

Cellulose nitrates (including collodions)..............................

kg..............

5.2%1/

3912.31.00

Carboxymethylcellulose and its salts............................

..................

6.4%2/

Cellulose ethers:

10

90
00

3912.39.00

Containing not less than 90 percent by weight of
carboxymethylcellulose............................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

4.2%1/

3912.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

5.2%1/

10

90

α-Cellulose in granular, microcrystalline or powdered
forms.................................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

73.5%

73.5%

34.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

66%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

33.5%

34.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VII
39-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3913

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Natural polymers (for example, alginic acid) and modified
natural polymers (for example, hardened proteins, chemical
derivatives of natural rubber), not elsewhere specified or
included, in primary forms:

3913.10.00

00

Alginic acid, its salts and esters4/.........................................

kg..............

4.2%5/

3913.90
3913.90.10

00

Other:

Chemical derivatives of natural rubber.........................

kg..............

3913.90.20

Polysaccharides and their derivatives..........................

..................

Free1/

5.8%2/

15

90
00

3913.90.50

Xanthan gum.............................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5%1/

3914.00

3914.00.20

00

Ion-exchangers based on polymers of headings 3901 to 3913,
in primary forms:

Cross-linked polyvinylbenzyltrimethylammonium chloride
(Cholestyramine resin USP).................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3914.00.60

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.9%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

2.2¢/kg +
33.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, K, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO, K,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

II. WASTE, PARINGS AND SCRAP; SEMIMANUFACTURES;
ARTICLES:

3915
3915.10.00

Waste, parings and scrap, of plastics:

00

Of polymers of ethylene.........................................................

kg..............

3915.20.00

00

Of polymers of styrene..........................................................

kg..............

3915.30.00

00

Of polymers of vinyl chloride.................................................

kg..............

3915.90.00

3916

10

90

Of other plastics.....................................................................
Of polyethylene terephthalate (PET) plastics..............

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................
Monofilament of which any cross-sectional dimension exceeds
1 mm, rods, sticks and profile shapes, whether or not
surface-worked but not otherwise worked, of plastics:

kg

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

3916.10.00

00

Of polymers of ethylene.........................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

3916.20.00

Of polymers of vinyl chloride.................................................

..................

5.8%1/

10

20

91

00

3916.90
3916.90.10

Siding for house or building exterior..............................

Window, door, decking or railing profiles.....................

Other.................................................................................

Of other plastics:

kg

m
kg

kg

Of acrylic polymers..........................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3916.90.20

00

Racket strings...........................................................

m ...............

3.1%2/

Other:

3916.90.30

00

Monofilament......................................................

m ...............

6.5%1/

Other:

3916.90.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

VII
39-15

2

10%

10%

10%

10%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)6/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40.6%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)6/

VII
39-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3917

3917.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tubes, pipes and hoses and fittings therefor (for example,
joints, elbows, flanges), of plastics:

Artificial guts (sausage casings) of hardened protein or of
cellulosic plastics materials:

3917.10.10

00

Of cellulosic plastics materials.......................................

kg..............

6.5%2/

Other:

3917.10.60

00

Of collagen................................................................

kg..............

3917.10.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

4.2%2/

3917.21.00

00

Of polymers of ethylene..................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

Tubes, pipes and hoses, rigid:

3917.22.00

00

Of polymers of propylene...............................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

3917.23.00

00

Of polymers of vinyl chloride..........................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

3917.29.00

Of other plastics..............................................................

..................

3.1%1/

50

90

Less than 200 mm in length....................................

thousands
kg

Other..........................................................................

kg

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

25%

25%

25%

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)7/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)7/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)7/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)7/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3917 (con.)

3917.31.00

00

Tubes, pipes and hoses and fittings therefor (for example,
joints, elbows, flanges), of plastics: (con.)

Other tubes, pipes and hoses:

Flexible tubes, pipes and hoses, having a minimum
burst pressure of 27.6 MPa............................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)7/

25%3/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%3/

25%3/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)7/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)7/

80%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)7/

3917.32.00

Other, not reinforced or otherwise combined with other
materials, without fittings................................................

..................

3.1%1/

10

20

50
00

3917.33.00

Of polyvinyl chloride.................................................

Of polyethylene.........................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other, not reinforced or otherwise combined with other
materials, with fittings.....................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

3.1%2/

3917.39.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.1%2/

3917.40.00

10

20

50

10

20

30

50

60

80
95

Reinforced with metal..............................................

kg

Other:

Of polyvinyl chloride..........................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Fittings.....................................................................................

kg
..................

5.3%1/

For brake hoses for the vehicles of subheadings
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29 or
headings 8702, 8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711..................

Plumbing fittings, not pressure rated (Drain/Waste/Vent
(DWV)):

Of polyvinyl chloride.................................................

Of acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene..........................

Other..........................................................................

Other plumbing fittings:

Of polyvinyl chloride.................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

VII
39-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3918

3918.10

3918.10.10

20

30

40
00

10

50

10

50

10

50
00

3918.10.20

3918.10.31

3918.10.32

3918.10.40

3918.10.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Floor coverings of plastics, whether or not self-adhesive, in
rolls or in the form of tiles; wall or ceiling coverings of plastics,
as defined in note 9 to this chapter:
Of polymers of vinyl chloride:

Floor coverings:

Vinyl tile......................................................................

..................

5.3%2/

Vinyl tile consisting of a rigid solid polymer
core......................................................................

m2

Vinyl tile consisting of a rigid expanded
polymer core of a kind described in statistical
note 2 to this chapter.........................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

m2
m2
m2..............

5.3%2/

Wall or ceiling coverings:

With a backing of textile fibers:

With a backing of man-made fibers:

Over 70 percent by weight of plastics......

..................

4.2%2/

Woven....................................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

m2
m2
..................

6.5%2/

Woven....................................................

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................

m2
m2
..................

5.3%2/

Woven..........................................................

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

m2
m2
m2..............

4.2%2/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

84.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3918 (con.)

3918.90
3918.90.10

00

Floor coverings of plastics, whether or not self-adhesive, in
rolls or in the form of tiles; wall or ceiling coverings of plastics,
as defined in note 9 to this chapter: (con.)

Of other plastics:

Floor coverings................................................................

m2..............

5.3%2/

Wall or ceiling coverings:

With a backing of textile fibers:

3918.90.20

00

With a backing of man-made fibers.................

m2..............

6.5%2/

3918.90.30

00

Other...................................................................

m2..............

5.3%2/

3918.90.50

00

Other..........................................................................

m2..............

4.2%2/

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

84.5%

40%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VII
39-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3919

3919.10
3919.10.10

3919.10.20

10

50

10

20

30

40

55

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Self-adhesive plates, sheets, film, foil, tape, strip and other flat
shapes, of plastics, whether or not in rolls:
In rolls of a width not exceeding 20 cm:

Having a light-reflecting surface produced in whole or
in part by glass grains (ballotini)....................................

..................

6.5%1/

Pavement marking tape...........................................

m2
kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

5.8%1/

Filament reinforced tape..........................................

Electrical tape...........................................................

Other:

Transparent tape, not exceeding 55 m in
length:

Not exceeding 5 cm in width......................

Other.............................................................

Other4/.................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-21

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3919 (con.)

3919.90
3919.90.10

00

Self-adhesive plates, sheets, film, foil, tape, strip and other flat
shapes, of plastics, whether or not in rolls: (con.)

Other:

Having a light-reflecting surface produced in whole or
in part by glass grains (ballotini)....................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

50%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3919.90.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

5.8%1/

10

20

30

40

60

Reflectorized sheeting.............................................

Filament reinforced tape..........................................

Electrical tape...........................................................

Transparent tape4/....................................................

Other4/........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
39-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3920

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other plates, sheets, film, foil and strip, of plastics, noncellular
and not reinforced, laminated, supported or similarly combined
with other materials:

3920.10.00

00

Of polymers of ethylene.........................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3920.20.00

Of polymers of propylene......................................................

..................

4.2%1/

15

20

55
00

3920.30.00

Strip put up in packaging for use as decorative or
gift-wrapping ribbon........................................................

Gift wrap...........................................................................

kg

kg

Other.................................................................................
Of polymers of styrene..........................................................

kg
kg..............

5.8%1/

3920.43

Of polymers of vinyl chloride:

Containing by weight not less than 6 percent of
plasticizers:

3920.43.10

00

Made in imitation of patent leather.........................

m2..............
kg

3.1%1/

3920.43.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3920.49.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

25%3/

25%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-23

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3920 (con.)

3920.51
3920.51.10

00

Other plates, sheets, film, foil and strip, of plastics, noncellular
and not reinforced, laminated, supported or similarly combined
with other materials: (con.)
Of acrylic polymers:

Of poly(methyl methacrylate):

Flexible.......................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

3920.51.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

50

90

00

3920.59
3920.59.10

Sheets, not flexible, containing flame
retardant.............................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Flexible.......................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

Other:

3920.59.40

00

Transparent sheeting containing 30 percent
or more by weight of lead..................................

kg..............

Free1/

3920.59.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

25%

48.2%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

51.7%

51.7%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VII
39-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3920 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other plates, sheets, film, foil and strip, of plastics, noncellular
and not reinforced, laminated, supported or similarly combined
with other materials: (con.)

Of polycarbonates, alkyd resins, polyallyl esters or other
polyesters:

3920.61.00

00

Of polycarbonates...........................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

3920.62.00

Of poly(ethylene terephthalate).....................................

..................

4.2%1/

20

50
90

00

3920.63
3920.63.10

Metallized PET film:

Gift wrap.............................................................

Other...................................................................
Other4/........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Of unsaturated polyesters:

Flexible.......................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3920.63.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

3920.69.00

00

Of other polyesters..........................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

35%

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

35%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3920 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-25

2

Other plates, sheets, film, foil and strip, of plastics, noncellular
and not reinforced, laminated, supported or similarly combined
with other materials: (con.)

Of cellulose or its chemical derivatives:

3920.71.00

00

Of regenerated cellulose................................................

kg..............

6.2%1/

3920.73.00

00

Of cellulose acetate.........................................................

kg..............

2.9%1/

3920.79
3920.79.05

00

Of other cellulose derivatives:

Of vulcanized fiber....................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

3920.79.10

00

Film, strip and sheets, not over 0.076 mm in
thickness.............................................................

kg..............

6.2%1/

Other:

3920.79.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

45%

30.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

28.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VII
39-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3920 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other plates, sheets, film, foil and strip, of plastics, noncellular
and not reinforced, laminated, supported or similarly combined
with other materials: (con.)
Of other plastics:

3920.91.00

00

Of poly(vinyl butyral).......................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3920.92.00

00

Of polyamides..................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3920.93.00

00

Of amino-resins...............................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

3920.94.00

00

Of phenolic resins............................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

3920.99

Of other plastics:

3920.99.10

00

Film, strip and sheets, all the foregoing which are
flexible:

Over 0.152 mm in thickness, and not in
rolls......................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

3920.99.20

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

3920.99.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

25%3/

25%3/

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-27

2

3921

Other plates, sheets, film, foil and strip, of plastics:

Cellular:

3921.11.00

00

Of polymers of styrene....................................................

kg..............

5.3%1/

3921.12

Of polymers of vinyl chloride:

Combined with textile materials:

Products with textile components in which
man-made fibers predominate by weight over
any other single textile fiber:

Over 70 percent by weight of plastics......

3921.12.11

00

3921.12.15

00

Other (229)..................................................

m2..............
kg

4.2%1/

m2..............
kg

6.5%1/

3921.12.19

Other...................................................................

..................

5.3%1/

10

50

Products with textile components in which
vegetable fibers predominate by weight
over any other single textile fiber...............

Other.............................................................

3921.12.50

00

Other..........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
kg..............

6.5%1/

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

84.5%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL, J,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
39-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

3921 (con.)

Other plates, sheets, film, foil and strip, of plastics: (con.)

3921.13

Cellular: (con.)

Of polyurethanes:

Combined with textile materials:

Products with textile components in which
man-made fibers predominate by weight over
any other single textile fiber:

Over 70 percent by weight of plastics......

3921.13.11

00

3921.13.15

00

Other (229)..................................................

m2..............
kg

4.2%1/

m2..............
kg

6.5%1/

3921.13.19

Other...................................................................

..................

5.3%1/

10

50

Products with textile components in which
vegetable fibers predominate by weight
over any other single textile fiber...............

Other.............................................................

3921.13.50

00

Other..........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
kg..............

4.2%1/

3921.14.00

00

Of regenerated cellulose................................................

kg..............

6.5%1/

3921.19.00

Of other plastics..............................................................

..................

6.5%1/

10

90

Microporous sheets of polyethylene or
polypropylene film.....................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

25%

84.5%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%3/

60%

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3921 (con.)
3921.90

3921.90.11

00

Other plates, sheets, film, foil and strip, of plastics: (con.)

Other:

Combined with textile materials and weighing not more
than 1.492 kg/m2:

Products with textile components in which
man-made fibers predominate by weight over any
other single textile fiber:

Over 70 percent by weight of plastics.............

3921.90.15

00

Other (229).........................................................

m2..............
kg

4.2%1/

m2..............
kg

6.5%1/

25%

84.5%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3921.90.19

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.3%1/

10

50

3921.90.21

00

Products with textile components in which
vegetable fibers predominate by weight over
any other single textile fiber..............................

Other...................................................................

Combined with textile materials and weighing more
than 1.492 kg/m2:

Products with textile components in which cotton
predominates by weight over any other single
textile fiber.................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

m2..............
kg

6.5%1/

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3921.90.25

Products with textile components in which
man-made fibers predominate by weight over any
other single textile fiber............................................

..................

6.5%1/

10

50

Over 70 percent by weight of plastics.............

Other (229).........................................................

3921.90.29

00

Other..........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
kg..............

4.4%1/

83.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
E*, IL, J*, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PE, S,
SG)

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VII
39-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3921 (con.)
3921.90
(con.)

3921.90.40

3921.90.50

10

90

10

50

Other plates, sheets, film, foil and strip, of plastics: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Flexible.......................................................................

..................

4.2%1/

Reinforced with paper.......................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

4.8%1/

High pressure paper reinforced decorative
laminates.............................................................

Other...................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

3922

Baths, shower baths, sinks, washbasins, bidets, lavatory pans,
seats and covers, flushing cisterns and similar sanitary ware,
of plastics:

3922.10.00

00

Baths, shower baths, sinks and washbasins......................

No. and
kg..............

6.3%5/

3922.20.00

00

Lavatory seats and covers....................................................

No.............

6.3%5/

3922.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No. and
kg..............

6.3%2/

25%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)8/

42.5%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)8/

56%

56%

56%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3923

3923.10
3923.10.20

00

Articles for the conveyance or packing of goods, of plastics;
stoppers, lids, caps and other closures, of plastics:
Boxes, cases, crates and similar articles:

Specially shaped or fitted for the conveyance or
packing of semiconductor wafers, masks or reticles of
subheadings 3923.10 or 8486.90.................................

kg..............

Free2/

3923.10.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3%2/

3923.21.00

Of polymers of ethylene..................................................

..................

3%2/

Sacks and bags (including cones):

11

20

30

80

85

95
00

Reclosable, with integral extruded closure:
With no single side exceeding 75 mm in
length...................................................................

thousands

Other, with sliders that open or close the
seal......................................................................

thousands

Other...................................................................

thousands

Other:

With no single side exceeding 75 mm in
length...................................................................

thousands

Polyethylene retail carrier bags (PRCBs) with
handles (including drawstrings), with no length
or width shorter than 6 inches (152.4 mm) or
longer than 40 inches (1,016 mm)...................

thousands

Other4/.................................................................
Of other plastics..............................................................

thousands
kg..............

3923.29.00

3923.30.00

Carboys, bottles, flasks and similar articles........................

..................

3%2/

3%2/

10

90

10

50
00

3923.40.00

3923.50.00

Of a capacity not exceeding 50 ml................................

thousands

Other.................................................................................
Spools, cops, bobbins and similar supports.......................

kg
..................

5.3%2/

Photographic film reels and reel cans...........................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Stoppers, lids, caps and other closures4/............................

kg
No. and
kg..............

5.3%2/

80%

80%

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
39-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3923 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles for the conveyance or packing of goods, of plastics;
stoppers, lids, caps and other closures, of plastics: (con.)

3923.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

3%2/

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Buckets and pails, with or without lids or other closures,
having a capacity of:

Less than 11.36 liters (3 gallons)............................

No.

11.36 liters (3 gallons) or more, but not more than
22.71 liters (6 gallons)..............................................

No.

22.71 liters (6 gallons) or more...............................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No. and kg

12

14

16
80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-33

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3924

3924.10
3924.10.10

00

Tableware, kitchenware, other household articles and hygienic
or toilet articles, of plastics:

Tableware and kitchenware:

Salt, pepper, mustard and ketchup dispensers and
similar dispensers...........................................................

No. and
kg..............

3.4%

3924.10.20

00

Plates, cups, saucers, soup bowls, cereal bowls, sugar
bowls, creamers, gravy boats, serving dishes and
platters..............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%5/

3924.10.30

00

Trays.................................................................................

No.............

5.3%5/

3924.10.40

00

Other.................................................................................

No. and
kg..............

3.4%

3924.90
3924.90.05

00

3924.90.10

Other:

Nursing nipples and finger cots.....................................

gross.........

3.1%5/

Curtains and drapes, including panels and valances;
napkins, table covers, mats, scarves, runners, doilies,
centerpieces, antimacassars and furniture slipcovers;
and like furnishings.........................................................

..................

3.3%

10

50
00

3924.90.20

Curtains and drapes.................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Picture frames..................................................................

No. and kg
No. and
kg..............

3.4%

3924.90.56

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.4%5/

10

50

Gates for confining children or pets........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No. and kg

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

84.5%

40%

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VII
39-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3925
3925.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Builders' ware of plastics, not elsewhere specified or included:
Reservoirs, tanks, vats and similar containers, of a capacity
exceeding 300 liters...............................................................

No. and
kg..............

6.3%2/

3925.20.00

Doors, windows and their frames and thresholds for
doors........................................................................................

..................

5.3%5/

10

20

91

Doors and door frames...................................................

Windows and window frames........................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other.................................................................................

No. and kg

3925.30

Shutters, blinds (including venetian blinds) and similar
articles and parts thereof:

3925.30.10

00

Blinds (including venetian blinds)..................................

No.............

3.3%5/

3925.30.50

00

Other.................................................................................

3925.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No. and
kg..............

5.3%5/

No. and
kg..............

5.3%2/

56%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

80%

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3926

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Other articles of plastics and articles of other materials of
headings 3901 to 3914:

VII
39-35

2

3926.10.00

00

Office or school supplies.......................................................

kg..............

5.3%

3926.20

3926.20.10

10

20

50

3926.20.20

00

3926.20.30

00

Articles of apparel and clothing accessories (including
gloves, mittens and mitts):

Gloves, mittens and mitts:

Seamless...................................................................
Surgical and medical.........................................

..................
doz. prs.

Free

Other:

Disposable...................................................

doz. prs.

Other.............................................................

doz. prs.

Other:

Specially designed for use in sports:

Baseball and softball gloves and mitts......

No.............

Other.............................................................

No.............

Free2/

3%2/

3926.20.40

Other...................................................................

..................

6.5%

10

50

3926.20.60

00

Disposable...................................................

doz. prs.

Other.............................................................

doz. prs.

Other:

Plastic rainwear, including jackets, coats, ponchos,
parkas and slickers, featuring an outer shell of
polyvinyl chloride plastic with or without attached
hoods, valued not over $10 per unit.......................

doz............

Free2/

3926.20.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

5%2/

10

50

00

3926.30
3926.30.10

Aprons.................................................................

doz.

Other...................................................................

doz.

Fittings for furniture, coachwork or the like:

Handles and knobs.........................................................

kg..............

6.5%5/

3926.30.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5.3%5/

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

30%

30%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

57.5%

80%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.25% (JP)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.65% (JP)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
39-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3926 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other articles of plastics and articles of other materials of
headings 3901 to 3914: (con.)

3926.40.00

Statuettes and other ornamental articles............................

..................

5.3%

10

90

00

3926.90
3926.90.10

Bows and similar products for decorative purposes
including gift-packaging and the like.............................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Other:

Buckets and pails............................................................

No.............

3.4%5/

3926.90.16

00

Pacifiers............................................................................

gross.........

3.1%5/

3926.90.21

00

Ice bags; douche bags, enema bags, hot water bottles,
and fittings therefor; invalid and similar nursing
cushions; dress shields; pessaries; prophylactics; bulbs
for syringes; syringes (other than hypodermic syringes)
and fittings therefor, not in part of glass or metal.........

No.............

4.2%5/

3926.90.25

00

Handles and knobs, not elsewhere specified or
included, of plastics.........................................................

kg..............

6.5%5/

3926.90.30

00

Parts for yachts or pleasure boats of heading 8903;
parts of canoes, racing shells, pneumatic craft and
pleasure boats which are not of a type designed to be
principally used with motors or sails.............................

kg..............

4.2%2/

Beads, bugles and spangles, not strung (except
temporarily) and not set; articles thereof, not elsewhere
specified or included:

3926.90.33

00

Handbags..................................................................

No.............

6.5%

3926.90.35

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5%5/

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

57.5%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-37

2

Other articles of plastics and articles of other materials of
headings 3901 to 3914: (con.)

Other: (con.)

00

Imitation gemstones........................................................

kg..............

2.8%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3926 (con.)

3926.90
(con.)
3926.90.40

3926.90.45

Gaskets, washers and other seals................................

..................

3.5%2/

10

90
00

3926.90.48

O-Rings......................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Photo albums...................................................................

No.
No.............

3.4%

3926.90.50

00

Frames or mounts for photographic slides...................

kg..............

3.8%5/

Belting and belts, for machinery:
Containing textile fibers:

3926.90.55

00

V-belts.................................................................

kg..............

5.1%2/

3926.90.56

00

3926.90.57

00

Other:

With textile components in which vegetable
fibers predominate by weight over any
other textile fiber..........................................

kg..............

5.1%2/

With textile components in which
man-made fibers predominate by weight
over any other textile fiber..........................

kg..............

6.5%2/

3926.90.59

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

2.4%2/

3926.90.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.2%2/

10

90

Synchronous belts.............................................

No.

Other...................................................................

kg

20%3/

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

74%

25%

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VII
39-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3926 (con.)

3926.90
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other articles of plastics and articles of other materials of
headings 3901 to 3914: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Clothespins:

3926.90.65

Spring type................................................................

..................

4.2%

10

20

30

50
00

3926.90.70

Valued not over 80 cents per gross.................

gross

Valued over 80 cents but not over $1.35 per
gross....................................................................

gross

Valued over $1.35 but not over $1.70 per
gross....................................................................

gross

Valued over $1.70 per gross............................
Other..........................................................................

gross
gross.........

5.3%5/

3926.90.75

00

Pneumatic mattresses and other inflatable articles, not
elsewhere specified or included....................................

No.............

4.2%

3926.90.77

00

Waterbed mattresses and liners, and parts of the
foregoing...........................................................................

No.............

2.4%

3926.90.83

00

Empty cartridges and cassettes for typewriter and
machine ribbons..............................................................

No.............

5.3%2/

3926.90.85

00

Fasteners, in clips suitable for use in a mechanical
attaching device..............................................................

kg..............

6.5%5/

3926.90.87

00

Flexible plastic document binders with tabs, rolled or
flat......................................................................................

No.............

5.3%2/

3926.90.94

00

3926.90.96

00

Cards, not punched, suitable for use as, or in making,
jacquard cards; Jacquard cards and jacquard heads
for power-driven weaving machines, and parts thereof;
and Transparent sheeting of plastics containing 30
percent or more by weight of lead.................................

Casing for bicycle derailleur cables; and casing for
cable or inner wire for caliper and cantilever brakes,
whether or not cut to length............................................

No.............

Free2/

kg..............

Free2/

8.4%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

25%3/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

3926 (con.)

3926.90
(con.)
3926.90.99

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
39-39

2

Other articles of plastics and articles of other materials of
headings 3901 to 3914: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other.................................................................................

..................

5.3%5/

80%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

05

10

25

30

40

50

87

89

Elastic bands made wholly of plastics....................

kg

Laboratory ware4/......................................................

No.

Reflective triangular warning signs for road use....

No.

Ladders......................................................................

No.

Covers, rings and frames for manholes; catch
basins; drainage gates and frames thereof;
cleanout covers and frames thereof; valve, service
and meter boxes.......................................................

No.

Face masks and shields, medical positioning or
transport pads, medical waste containers or
disinfectant wipes dispensers.................................

No. and kg

Rigid tubes or pipes suitable for use as electrical
conduit.......................................................................

kg

Other4/........................................................................

No. and kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
Endnotes--page 39 - 40
1/ See 9903.88.02.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.90.08.
4/ See 9903.88.69.
5/ See 9903.88.15.
6/ See additional U.S. note 2 to this chapter.
7/ See additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter.
8/ See additional U.S. note 4 to this chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 40

RUBBER AND ARTICLES THEREOF

Notes

1. Except where the context otherwise requires, throughout the tariff schedule the expression "rubber" means the following products,
whether or not vulcanized or hard: natural rubber, balata, gutta-percha, guayule, chicle and similar natural gums, synthetic rubber,
factice derived from oils and such substances reclaimed.

VII
40-1

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Goods of section XI (textiles and textile articles);

(b) Footwear or parts thereof of chapter 64;

(c) Headgear or parts thereof (including bathing caps) of chapter 65;

(d) Mechanical or electrical appliances or parts thereof of section XVI (including electrical goods of all kinds), of hard rubber;

(e) Articles of chapter 90, 92, 94 or 96; or

(f) Articles of chapter 95 (other than sports gloves, mittens and mitts and articles of headings 4011 to 4013).

3.

In headings 4001 to 4003 and 4005, the expression "primary forms" applies only to the following forms :

(a) Liquids and pastes (including latex, whether or not prevulcanized, and other dispersions and solutions);

(b) Blocks of irregular shape, lumps, bales, powders, granules, crumbs and similar bulk forms.

4.

In note 1 to this chapter and in heading 4002, the expression "synthetic rubber" applies to:

(a) Unsaturated synthetic substances which can be irreversibly transformed by vulcanization with sulfur into non-thermoplastic
substances which, at a temperature between 18°C and 29°C, will not break on being extended to three times their original
length and will return, after being extended to twice their original length, within a period of 5 minutes, to a length not greater
than 1-1/2 times their original length. For the purposes of this test, substances necessary for the cross-linking, such as
vulcanizing activators or accelerators, may be added; the presence of substances as provided for by note 5(b)(ii) and (iii) is
also permitted. However, the presence of any substances not necessary for the cross-linking, such as extenders, plasticizers
and fillers, is not permitted;

(b) Thioplasts (TM); and

(c) Natural rubber modified by grafting or mixing with plastics, depolymerized natural rubber, mixtures of unsaturated synthetic
substances with saturated synthetic high polymers provided that all the above-mentioned products comply with the requirements
concerning vulcanization, elongation and recovery in (a) above.

5.

(a) Headings 4001 and 4002 do not apply to any rubber or mixture of rubbers which has been compounded, before or after

coagulation, with:

(i) Vulcanizing agents, accelerators, retarders or activators (other than those added for the preparation of prevulcanized

rubber latex);

(ii) Pigments or other coloring matter other than those added solely for the purpose of identification;

(iii) Plasticizers or extenders (except mineral oil in the case of oil-extended rubber), fillers, reinforcing agents, organic solvents

or any other substances, except those permitted under (b);

(b) The presence of the following substances in any rubber or mixture of rubbers shall not affect its classification in heading

4001 or 4002, as the case may be, provided that such rubber or mixture of rubbers retains its essential character as a raw
material:

(i) Emulsifiers or antitack agents;

(ii) Small amounts of breakdown products of emulsifiers;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
40-2
Notes (con.)

(iii) Very small amounts of the following: heat-sensitive agents (generally for obtaining thermosensitive rubber latexes),

cationic surface-active agents (generally for obtaining electro-positive rubber latexes), antioxidants, coagulants, crumbling
agents, freeze-resisting agents, peptizers, preservatives, stabilizers, viscosity-control agents or similar special-purpose
additives.

6.

7.

For the purposes of heading 4004 the expression "waste, parings and scrap" means rubber waste, parings and scrap from the
manufacture or working of rubber and rubber goods definitely not usable as such because of cutting-up, wear or other reasons.

Thread wholly of vulcanized rubber, of which any cross-sectional dimension exceeds 5 mm, is to be classified as strip, rods or
profile shapes, of heading 4008.

8. Heading 4010 includes conveyor or transmission belts or belting of textile fabric impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with

rubber or made from textile yarn or cord impregnated, coated, covered or sheathed with rubber.

9.

In headings 4001, 4002, 4003, 4005 and 4008, the expressions "plates", "sheets" and "strip" apply only to plates, sheets and
strip, and to blocks of regular geometric shape, uncut or simply cut to rectangular (including square) shape, whether or not having
the character of articles and whether or not printed or otherwise surface-worked, but not otherwise cut to shape or further worked.

In heading 4008 the expressions "rods" and "profile shapes" apply only to such products, whether or not cut to length or
surface-worked but not otherwise worked.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

For the purposes of subheading 4008.21, the rate of duty "Free (B)" appearing in the "Special" subcolumn applies only to articles
measuring not more than 38.1 cm in width and not more than 45.7 cm in length.

For the purposes of subheading 4008.29, the rate of duty "Free (C)" appearing in the "Special" subcolumn applies only to profile
shapes that are cut to size.

For the purposes of heading 4017, the rate of duty "Free (C)" appearing in the "Special" subcolumn applies only to tubes and
pipes having attached fittings.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
40-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4001

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Natural rubber, balata, gutta-percha, guayule, chicle and similar
natural gums, in primary forms or in plates, sheets or strip:

4001.10.00

00

Natural rubber latex, whether or not pre-vulcanized..........

kg1/

Free2/

4001.21.00

4001.22.00

4001.29.00
4001.30.00

10

20

30

50

05

10

15

20

25

50
00

05

10

20

55

Natural rubber in other forms:

Smoked sheets................................................................
Grade 1......................................................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Grade 2......................................................................

Grade 3......................................................................

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Technically specified natural rubber (TSNR)...............
Grade 5......................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free2/

Grade CV...................................................................

Grade L......................................................................

Grade 10....................................................................

Grade 20....................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Balata, gutta-percha, guayule, chicle and similar natural
gums........................................................................................
Balata................................................................................

kg
kg..............

..................
kg

Free2/

Free2/

Gutta-percha and guttas, not elsewhere specified or
included............................................................................

Chicle................................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Free

Free

Free3/

Free

Free

VII
40-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4002

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Synthetic rubber and factice derived from oils, in primary forms
or in plates, sheets or strip; mixtures of any product of heading
4001 with any product of this heading, in primary forms or in
plates, sheets or strip:

Styrene-butadiene rubber (SBR); carboxylated
styrene-butadiene rubber (XSBR):

4002.11.00

00

Latex.................................................................................

kg..............

4002.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free2/

Free2/

14

15

16

19
20

4002.20.00

00

Containing 50 percent or less styrene by weight
of the dry polymer:

Styrene-butadiene-styrene block co- polymers
produced by solution polymerization (SBS,
thermoplastic elastormers), in granules,
crumbs or powders............................................

Styrene-butadiene rubber produced by
emulsion polymerization (E-SBR) in bales......

Styrene-butadiene rubber produced by solution
polymerization (S-SBR) in bales......................

Other...................................................................

Containing over 50 percent styrene by weight of
the dry polymer.........................................................
Butadiene rubber (BR)..........................................................

Isobutene-isoprene (butyl) rubber (IIR);
halo-isobutene-isoprene rubber (CIIR or BIIR):

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg..............

Free2/

4002.31.00

00

Isobutene-isoprene (butyl) rubber (IIR)........................

kg..............

4002.39.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4002.41.00

00

Latex.................................................................................

kg..............

Chloroprene (chlorobutadiene) rubber (CR):

4002.49.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4002.51.00

00

Latex.................................................................................

kg..............

Acrylonitrile-butadiene rubber (NBR):

4002.59.00
4002.60.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Isoprene rubber (IR)..............................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/
Free2/

4002.70.00

00

Ethylene-propylene-nonconjugated diene rubber
(EPDM)....................................................................................

4002.80.00

00

Mixtures of any product of heading 4001 with any product
of this heading........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

kg..............

Free2/

Other:

4002.91.00

00

Latex.................................................................................

kg..............

4002.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

4003.00.00

00

Reclaimed rubber in primary forms or in plates, sheets or
strip.................................................................................................

4004.00.00

00

Waste, parings and scrap of rubber (other than hard rubber)
and powders and granules obtained therefrom.........................

kg..............

Free2/

kg..............

Free2/

20%

20%3/

20%3/

20%3/

20%3/

20%

20%

20%

20%3/
20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

Free3/

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
40-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4005

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Compounded rubber, unvulcanized, in primary forms or in
plates, sheets or strip:

4005.10.00

00

Compounded with carbon black or silica............................

kg..............

Free2/

4005.20.00

00

Solutions; dispersions other than those of subheading
4005.10...................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Other:

4005.91.00

00

Plates, sheets, and strip.................................................

kg..............

4005.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

4006

4006.10.00

00

Other forms (for example, rods, tubes and profile shapes) and
articles (for example, discs and rings), of unvulcanized rubber:
"Camel-back" strips for retreading rubber tires..................

kg..............

2.9%4/

4006.90
4006.90.10

00

Other:

Of natural rubber.............................................................

kg..............

4006.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

2.7%2/

4007.00.00

00

Vulcanized rubber thread and cord............................................

kg..............

Free2/

20%

20%

20%3/

20%3/

35%

35%

80%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VII
40-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4008

4008.11
4008.11.10

00

Plates, sheets, strip, rods and profile shapes, of vulcanized
rubber other than hard rubber:

Of cellular rubber:

Plates, sheets and strip:

Of natural rubber......................................................

kg..............

4008.11.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4008.19

Other:

Of natural rubber:

4008.19.20

00

4008.19.40

00

Profile shapes.....................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4008.19.60

00

Profile shapes.....................................................

kg..............

Other:

Free2/

3.3%2/

Free2/

Free2/

3.3%2/

4008.19.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.3%2/

Of noncellular rubber:

4008.21.00

00

Plates, sheets and strip..................................................

kg..............

4008.29
4008.29.20

00

Other:

Profile shapes...........................................................

kg..............

Free2/

2.9%2/

4008.29.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.9%2/

25%3/

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

50%

50%

40%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S,
SG)5/6/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)5/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VII
40-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4009

4009.11.00

00

Tubes, pipes and hoses, of vulcanized rubber other than hard
rubber, with or without their fittings (for example, joints, elbows,
flanges):

Not reinforced or otherwise combined with other materials:
Without fittings.................................................................

kg..............

2.5%2/

4009.12.00

With fittings......................................................................

..................

2.5%4/

20

50

Brake hoses for the vehicles of subheadings
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29
or headings 8702, 8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711......

Other..........................................................................

Reinforced or otherwise combined only with metal:

kg

kg

4009.21.00

00

Without fittings.................................................................

kg..............

2.5%2/

4009.22.00

With fittings......................................................................

..................

2.5%2/

20

50

Brake hoses for the vehicles of subheadings
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29
or headings 8702, 8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711......

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Reinforced or otherwise combined only with textile
materials:

4009.31.00

00

Without fittings.................................................................

kg..............

2.5%2/

4009.32.00

With fittings......................................................................

..................

2.5%2/

20

50

Brake hoses for the vehicles of subheadings
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29
or headings 8702, 8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711......

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

25%

25%3/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%3/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%3/

25%3/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VII
40-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4009 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tubes, pipes and hoses, of vulcanized rubber other than hard
rubber, with or without their fittings (for example, joints, elbows,
flanges): (con.)

Reinforced or otherwise combined with other materials:

4009.41.00

00

Without fittings.................................................................

kg..............

2.5%2/

4009.42.00

With fittings......................................................................

..................

2.5%4/

20

50

Brake hoses for the vehicles of subheadings
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29
or headings 8702, 8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711......

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

4010

Conveyor or transmission belts or belting, of vulcanized rubber:

Conveyor belts and belting:

4010.11.00

00

Reinforced only with metal.............................................

kg..............

3.3%4/

4010.12
4010.12.10

00

Reinforced only with textile materials:

With textile components in which vegetable fibers
predominate by weight over any other single textile
fiber............................................................................

kg..............

4.1%2/

With textile components in which man-made fibers
predominate by weight over any other single textile
fiber:

4010.12.50

00

Of a width exceeding 20 cm.............................

kg..............

8%2/

4010.12.55

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.4%2/

4010.12.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

1.9%2/

25%

25%3/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

74%

74%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VII
40-9

Conveyor or transmission belts or belting, of vulcanized rubber:
(con.)

Conveyor belts and belting: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4010 (con.)

4010.19

Other:

4010.19.10

00

Combined with textile materials:

With textile components in which vegetable
fibers predominate by weight over any other
single textile fiber...............................................

kg..............

4.1%2/

With textile components in which man-made
fibers predominate by weight over any other
single textile fiber:

4010.19.50

00

Of a width exceeding 20 cm......................

kg..............

8%2/

4010.19.55

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.4%2/

4010.19.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

1.9%2/

4010.19.91

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.3%2/

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

74%

74%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VII
40-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4010 (con.)

4010.31

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Conveyor or transmission belts or belting, of vulcanized rubber:
(con.)

Transmission belts or belting:

Endless transmission belts of trapezoidal cross section
(V-belts),V-ribbed, of an outside circumference
exceeding 60 cm but not exceeding 180 cm:

4010.31.30

00

Combined with textile materials..............................

kg..............

3.4%2/

4010.31.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.8%2/

4010.32

Endless transmission belts of trapezoidal cross section
(V-belts), other than V-ribbed, of an outside
circumference exceeding 60 cm but not exceeding 180
cm:

4010.32.30

00

Combined with textile materials..............................

kg..............

3.4%2/

4010.32.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.8%2/

4010.33

Endless transmission belts of trapezoidal cross section
(V-belts), V-ribbed, of an outside circumference
exceeding 180 cm but not exceeding 240 cm:

4010.33.30

00

Combined with textile materials..............................

kg..............

3.4%2/

4010.33.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.8%2/

4010.34

Endless transmission belts of trapezoidal cross section
(V-belts), other thanV-ribbed, of an outside
circumference exceeding 180 cm but not exceeding
240 cm:

4010.34.30

00

Combined with textile materials..............................

kg..............

3.4%2/

4010.34.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.8%2/

30%3/

25%3/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
40-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4010 (con.)

4010.35

4010.35.30

00

Conveyor or transmission belts or belting, of vulcanized rubber:
(con.)

Transmission belts or belting: (con.)

Endless synchronous belts of an outside circumference
exceeding 60 cm but not exceeding 150 cm:

Combined with textile materials:

With textile components in which vegetable
fibers predominate by weight over any other
single textile fiber...............................................

kg..............

4.1%2/

With textile components in which man-made
fibers predominate by weight over any other
single textile fiber:

4010.35.41

00

Of a width exceeding 20 cm......................

kg..............

8%2/

4010.35.45

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.4%2/

4010.35.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

1.9%2/

4010.35.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.3%2/

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

74%

74%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VII
40-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4010 (con.)

4010.36

4010.36.30

00

Conveyor or transmission belts or belting, of vulcanized rubber:
(con.)

Transmission belts or belting: (con.)

Endless synchronous belts of an outside circumference
exceeding 150 cm but not exceeding 198 cm:

Combined with textile materials:

With textile components in which vegetable
fibers predominate by weight over any other
single textile fiber...............................................

kg..............

4.1%2/

With textile components in which man-made
fibers predominate by weight over any other
single textile fiber:

4010.36.41

00

Of a width exceeding 20 cm......................

kg..............

8%2/

4010.36.45

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

6.4%2/

4010.36.50

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

1.9%2/

4010.36.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.3%2/

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

74%

74%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4010 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Conveyor or transmission belts or belting, of vulcanized rubber:
(con.)

Transmission belts or belting: (con.)

VII
40-13

2

4010.39

Other:

4010.39.10

00

Of trapezoidal cross section (V-belts and belting):
Combined with textile materials:......................

kg..............

3.4%2/

4010.39.20

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

2.8%2/

4010.39.30

00

Other:

Combined with textile materials:

With textile components in which vegetable
fibers predominate by weight over any
other single textile fiber...............................

kg..............

4.1%2/

4010.39.41

00

Of a width exceeding 20 cm...............

kg..............

8%2/

With textile components in which
man-made fibers predominate by weight
over any other single textile fiber:

4010.39.45

00

Other......................................................

kg..............

6.4%2/

4010.39.50

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

1.9%2/

4010.39.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3.3%2/

30%

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

74%

74%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
40-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4011
4011.10

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

New pneumatic tires, of rubber:

Of a kind used on motor cars (including station wagons
and racing cars):

4011.10.10

Radial................................................................................

..................

4%2/

10%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

4011.10.50

00

Having a rim diameter of 33.02 cm (13 inches) or
less.............................................................................

No.

Having a rim diameter greater than
33.02 cm (13 inches) but not more than
35.56 cm (14 inches)...............................................

Having a rim diameter greater than
35.56 cm (14 inches) but not more than
38.10 cm (15 inches)...............................................

Having a rim diameter greater than
38.10 cm (15 inches) but not more than
40.64 cm (16 inches)...............................................

Having a rim diameter greater than
40.64 cm (16 inches) but not more than
43.18 cm (17 inches)...............................................

Having a rim diameter greater than
43.18 cm (17 inches) but not more than
45.72 cm (18 inches)...............................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

Having a rim diameter greater than
45.72 cm (18 inches)...............................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

3.4%2/

4011.20
4011.20.10

Of a kind used on buses or trucks:

Radial................................................................................

..................

4%2/

On-the-highway:

Light truck...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Off-the-highway:

For use on a rim measuring 40.6 cm or more
in diameter..........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

3.4%2/

05

15

25

35

10

20

30

50

10

50
00

4011.20.50

4011.30.00

4011.40.00

On-the-highway:

Light truck...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Off-the-highway:

For use on a rim measuring 40.6 cm or more
in diameter..........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Of a kind used on aircraft......................................................
For use in civil aircraft.....................................................

No.
..................
No.

Other.................................................................................
Of a kind used on motorcycles.............................................

No.
No.............

4011.50.00

00

Of a kind used on bicycles....................................................

No.............

Free7/

Free2/

Free2/

30%3/

10%3/

10%

10%3/

10%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

New pneumatic tires, of rubber: (con.)

Of a kind used on agricultural or forestry vehicles and
machines.................................................................................
Having a "herring-bone" or similar tread.......................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other.................................................................................

No.

Of a kind used on construction, mining or industrial
handling vehicles and machines:

Having a "herring-bone" or similar tread.......................
Having a rim size not exceeding 61 cm.................

..................
No.

Free2/

Having a rim size exceeding 61 cm........................

No.

Other:

Radial.........................................................................

..................

4%2/

Having a rim size not exceeding 61 cm..........

No.

Having a rim size exceeding 61 cm.................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

3.4%2/

VII
40-15

2

Free3/

10%

10%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

10%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Having a rim size not exceeding 61 cm..........

No.

Having a rim size exceeding 61 cm.................

No.

Other:

Having a "herring-bone" or similar tread.......................

..................

Free2/

10%3/

Of a kind used on golf carts, all-terrain vehicles,
and for turf, lawn and garden, and trailer
applications...............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Radial................................................................................

No.
..................

4%2/

Of a kind used on golf carts, all-terrain vehicles,
and for turf, lawn and garden, and trailer
applications...............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

3.4%2/

Of a kind used on golf carts, all-terrain vehicles,
and for turf, lawn and garden, and trailer
applications...............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

10%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4011 (con.)
4011.70.00

4011.80

4011.80.10

4011.80.20

4011.80.80

4011.90
4011.90.10

4011.90.20

4011.90.80

10

50

10

20

10

20

10

20

10

50

10

50

10

50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
40-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4012

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Retreaded or used pneumatic tires of rubber; solid or cushion
tires, tire treads and tire flaps, of rubber:

Retreaded tires:

4012.11

Of a kind used on motor cars (including station wagons
and racing cars):

4012.11.40

00

Radial.........................................................................

No.............

4%2/

4012.11.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

3.4%2/

4012.12
4012.12.40

Of a kind used on buses or trucks:

Radial.........................................................................

..................

4%2/

15

25
35

19

29
50

10

50

00

4012.12.80

4012.13.00

4012.19
4012.19.20

On-the-highway truck and bus tires:

Light truck....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.
..................

3.4%2/

On-the-highway truck and bus tires:

Light truck....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Of a kind used on aircraft...............................................
For use in civil aircraft..............................................

No.
No.
..................
No.

Free7/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Designed for tractors provided for in subheadings
8701.91.10, 8701.92.10, 8701.93.10, 8701.94.10
or 8701.95.10 or for agricultural or horticultural
machinery or implements provided for in chapter
84 or in subheading 8716.80.10.............................

Other:

No.............

Free2/

4012.19.40

00

Radial..................................................................

No.............

4%2/

4012.19.80

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

3.4%4/

10%

10%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free

10%

10%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
40-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4012 (con.)

4012.20
4012.20.10

10

50

4012.20.15

00

Retreaded or used pneumatic tires of rubber; solid or cushion
tires, tire treads and tire flaps, of rubber: (con.)

Used pneumatic tires:

Aircraft..............................................................................
For use in civil aircraft..............................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Designed for tractors provided for in subheadings
8701.91.10, 8701.92.10, 8701.93.10, 8701.94.10 or
8701.95.10 or for agricultural or horticultural machinery
or implements provided for in chapter 84 or in
subheading 8716.80.10:

Of a kind used on vehicles, including tractors, for
the on-highway transport of passengers or
goods.........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

4012.20.45

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Other:

4012.20.60

00

4012.20.80
4012.90
4012.90.10

00

00

Of a kind used on vehicles, including tractors, for
the on-highway transport of passengers or goods,
or on vehicles of heading 8705...............................

No.............

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Other:

Solid or cushion tires.......................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

Other:

Of natural rubber:

4012.90.30

00

Bicycle rim strips................................................

4012.90.45

00

Other...................................................................

4012.90.70

00

Bicycle rim strips................................................

Other:

4012.90.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............
No.

Free2/

kg..............
No.

4.2%2/

kg..............
No.

Free2/

kg..............
No.

2.7%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free

Free

10%3/

10%3/

25%3/

35%

35%

80%

80%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VII
40-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4013
4013.10.00

10

20
00

00

4013.20.00

4013.90
4013.90.10

Inner tubes, of rubber:

Of a kind used on motor cars (including station wagons
and racing cars), buses or trucks.........................................

..................

3.7%2/

Motor car..........................................................................

No.

Truck and bus..................................................................
Of a kind used on bicycles....................................................

No.
No.............

Free2/

Other:

Designed for tires provided for in subheadings
4011.70.00, 4012.19.20, 4012.20.15 and
4012.20.45.......................................................................

No.............

Free2/

4013.90.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.7%2/

10

50

Motorcycle (including moped).................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

4014

Hygienic or pharmaceutical articles (including nursing nipples),
of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber, with or without
fittings of hard rubber:

4014.10.00

00

Sheath contraceptives...........................................................

gross.........

Free

4014.90
4014.90.10

00

Other:

Nursing nipples................................................................

gross.........

Free

4014.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

4.2%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free3/

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
40-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4015

4015.12

4015.12.10

4015.12.90

4015.19
4015.19.11

4015.19.51

10

20
00

10

50
00

Articles of apparel and clothing accessories (including gloves,
mittens and mitts), for all purposes, of vulcanized rubber other
than hard rubber:

Gloves, mittens and mitts:

Of a kind used for medical, surgical, dental or
veterinary purposes:

Of a kind used for medical or surgical purposes...
Medical gloves, mittens and mitts....................

..................
doz. prs.

Free8/

Surgical gloves, mittens and mitts...................
Other..........................................................................

doz. prs.
doz.
prs.............

14%2/

Other:

Seamless...................................................................

..................

3%2/

Disposable..........................................................

doz. prs.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

doz. prs.
doz.
prs.............

14%2/

4015.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

4%2/

10

50

Aprons..............................................................................

doz.

Other.................................................................................

doz.

25%

75%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

75%

25%3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
40-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

4016
4016.10.00

Other articles of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber:

00

Of cellular rubber....................................................................

kg..............

4016.91.00

00

Floor coverings and mats...............................................

kg..............

Other:

Free2/

2.7%2/

4016.92.00

00

Erasers.............................................................................

kg..............

4.2%

4016.93
4016.93.10

Gaskets, washers and other seals:

Of a kind used in the automotive goods of chapter
87................................................................................

..................

2.5%2/

10

20

50

10

20

50
00

4016.93.50

4016.94.00

O-Rings...............................................................

kg

Oil seals..............................................................

No.
kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

2.5%2/

O-Rings...............................................................

kg

Oil seals..............................................................

No.
kg

Other...................................................................
Boat or dock fenders, whether or not inflatable...........

kg
kg..............

4.2%2/

4016.95.00

00

Other inflatable articles...................................................

kg..............

4.2%4/

25%

40%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%3/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

80%

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VII
40-21

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4016 (con.)

4016.99
4016.99.03

00

Other articles of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber:
(con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containers, with or without their closures, of a kind
used for the packing, transporting or marketing of
merchandise..............................................................

kg..............

3%2/

4016.99.05

00

Household articles not elsewhere specified or
included.....................................................................

kg..............

3.4%4/

4016.99.10

00

Handles and knobs...................................................

kg..............

3.3%4/

4016.99.15

00

Caps, lids, seals, stoppers and other closures......

kg..............

2.7%4/

4016.99.20

00

Toys for pets.............................................................

kg..............

4.3%

4016.99.30

00

4016.99.35

10

50

4016.99.55

00

Other:

Of natural rubber:

Vibration control goods of a kind used in
the vehicles of headings 8701 through
8705..............................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Other.............................................................
Rubber bands.......................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Other......................................................

kg

Other:

Vibration control goods of a kind used in
the vehicles of headings 8701 through
8705..............................................................

kg..............

2.5%2/

4016.99.60

Other.............................................................

..................

2.5%2/

10

50

Mechanical articles for motor
vehicles..................................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

57.5%

80%

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

80%

80%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VII
40-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4017.00.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Hard rubber (for example, ebonite) in all forms, including waste
and scrap; articles of hard rubber...............................................

kg..............

2.7%2/

80%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)9/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VII
Endnotes--page 40 - 23

1/ Kilograms dry rubber content.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.90.08.
4/ See 9903.88.15.
5/ See additional U.S. note 1 to this chapter.
6/ See additional U.S. note 2 to this chapter.
7/ See 9903.88.01.
8/ See 9903.91.08.
9/ See additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION VIII

RAW HIDES AND SKINS, LEATHER, FURSKINS AND ARTICLES THEREOF;
SADDLERY AND HARNESS; TRAVEL GOODS, HANDBAGS AND SIMILAR CONTAINERS;
ARTICLES OF ANIMAL GUT (OTHER THAN SILKWORM GUT)

VIII-1

VIII-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 41

RAW HIDES AND SKINS (OTHER THAN FURSKINS) AND LEATHER

VIII
41-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Parings or similar waste, of raw hides or skins (heading 0511);

(b) Birdskins or parts of birdskins, with their feathers or down, of heading 0505 or 6701; or

(c) Hides or skins, with the hair or wool on, raw, tanned or dressed (chapter 43); the following are, however, to be classified in
chapter 41, namely, raw hides and skins with the hair or wool on, of bovine animals (including buffalo), of equine animals,
of sheep or lambs (except Astrakhan, Broadtail, Caracul, Persian or similar lambs, Indian, Chinese, Mongolian or Tibetan
lambs), of goats or kids (except Yemen, Mongolian or Tibetan goats and kids), of swine (including peccary), of chamois, of
gazelle, of camels (including dromedaries), of reindeer, of elk, of deer, of roebucks or of dogs.

2.

(a) Headings 4104 to 4106 do not cover hides and skins which have undergone a tanning (including pre-tanning) process which

is reversible (headings 4101 to 4103, as the case may be).

(b) For the purposes of headings 4104 to 4106, the term “crust” includes hides and skins that have been retanned, colored or

fat-liquored (stuffed) prior to drying.

3.

Throughout the tariff schedule the expression "composition leather" means only substances of the kind referred to in heading
4115.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

The term "fancy" as applied to leather, means leather which has been embossed, printed or otherwise decorated in any manner
or to any extent (including leather on which the original grain has been accentuated by any process, but excluding leather of
subheading 4114.20).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
41-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4101

4101.20

4101.20.10

10

20

Raw hides and skins of bovine (including buffalo) or equine
animals (fresh, or salted, dried, limed, pickled or otherwise
preserved, but not tanned, parchment-dressed or further
prepared), whether or not dehaired or split:

Whole hides and skins, unsplit, of a weight per skin not
exceeding 8 kg when simply dried, 10 kg when dry-salted,
or 16 kg when fresh, wet-salted or otherwise preserved:

Not pretanned..................................................................
Of bovine animals.....................................................

Of equine animals.....................................................

Other:

Of bovine animals (including buffalo):

Of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square
feet (2.6 m2):

Free1/

..................
pcs
kg

pcs
kg

4101.20.20

00

4101.20.30

00

Upper and lining..........................................

pcs............

Other.............................................................

pcs............

Free1/

2.4%1/

4101.20.35

00

Of buffalo.....................................................

pcs............

2.4%1/

Other:

4101.20.40

00

Vegetable pretanned...........................

pcs............

5%1/

Other:

4101.20.50

00

Other......................................................

pcs............

3.3%1/

4101.20.70

00

Other..........................................................................

pcs............
kg

3.3%1/

10%

15%

15%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4101 (con.)

4101.50
4101.50.10

10

20

91

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
41-3

Raw hides and skins of bovine (including buffalo) or equine
animals (fresh, or salted, dried, limed, pickled or otherwise
preserved, but not tanned, parchment-dressed or further
prepared), whether or not dehaired or split: (con.)

Whole hides and skins, of a weight exceeding 16 kg:

Not pretanned..................................................................

..................

Free1/

10%

Of bovine animals:

Cattle...................................................................

Other...................................................................

Of equine animals.....................................................

Other:

Of bovine animals (including buffalo):

Of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square
feet (2.6 m2):

pcs
kg

pcs
kg
pcs
kg

4101.50.20

00

4101.50.30

00

Upper and lining..........................................

pcs............

Other.............................................................

pcs............

Free1/

2.4%1/

4101.50.35

00

Of buffalo.....................................................

pcs............

2.4%1/

Other:

4101.50.40

00

Vegetable pretanned...........................

pcs............

5%1/

Other:

4101.50.50

00

Other......................................................

pcs............

3.3%1/

4101.50.70

00

Other..........................................................................

pcs............

3.3%1/

15%

15%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VIII
41-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4101 (con.)

4101.90
4101.90.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Raw hides and skins of bovine (including buffalo) or equine
animals (fresh, or salted, dried, limed, pickled or otherwise
preserved, but not tanned, parchment-dressed or further
prepared), whether or not dehaired or split: (con.)
Other, including butts, bends and bellies:

Not pretanned..................................................................

..................

Free1/

10%

10

20

30

40

Of bovine animals:

Fresh or wet-salted:

Butts and bends..........................................

Other.............................................................

Other...................................................................

Of equine animals.....................................................

pcs
kg

pcs
kg
pcs
kg
pcs
kg

Other:

Of bovine animals (including buffalo):

4101.90.35

00

Of buffalo............................................................

pcs............

2.4%1/

4101.90.40

00

Vegetable pretanned..................................

pcs............

5%1/

Other:

4101.90.50

00

Other.............................................................

pcs............

3.3%1/

4101.90.70

00

Other..........................................................................

pcs............

3.3%1/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
41-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4102

4102.10
4102.10.10

00

Raw skins of sheep or lambs (fresh, or salted, dried, limed,
pickled or otherwise preserved, but not tanned, parchment-
dressed or further prepared), whether or not with wool on or
split, other than those excluded by note 1(c) to this chapter:

With wool on:

Not pretanned..................................................................

4102.10.20

00

Vegetable pretanned................................................

Other:

4102.10.30

00

Other..........................................................................

4102.21.00

4102.29
4102.29.10

65

95

10

90

Without wool on:

Pickled..............................................................................
Not split......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Not pretanned...........................................................
Hair sheep and cabretta skins.........................

Other...................................................................

4102.29.20

00

Vegetable pretanned.........................................

Other:

4102.29.30

00

Other...................................................................

pcs............
kg

Free1/

pcs............
kg

Free1/

pcs............
kg

2%

Free1/

..................
pcs
kg

pcs
kg

Free1/

..................
pcs
kg

pcs
kg

pcs............
kg

Free1/

pcs............
kg

2%1/

Free

10%

25%

Free

Free

10%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
41-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4103

4103.20
4103.20.10

00

Other raw hides and skins (fresh, or salted, dried, limed,
pickled or otherwise preserved, but not tanned,
parchment-dressed or further prepared), whether or not
dehaired or split, other than those excluded by note 1(b) or
1(c) to this chapter:
Of reptiles:

Not pretanned..................................................................

pcs............
kg

Free1/

4103.20.20

00

Vegetable pretanned................................................

pcs............

5%1/

Other:

4103.20.30
4103.30
4103.30.10

00

00

Other..........................................................................

pcs............

Free1/

Of swine:

Not pretanned..................................................................

pcs............
kg

Free1/

4103.30.20

00

Other.................................................................................

pcs............

4.2%1/

4103.90
4103.90.11

30

40

90

Other:

Not pretanned..................................................................
Deer............................................................................

Of goats or kids.........................................................

Free1/

..................
pcs
kg

pcs
kg

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other:

Of goats or kids:

4103.90.12

00

Vegetable pretanned.........................................

4103.90.13

00

Other...................................................................

pcs............
kg

Free1/

pcs............
kg

3.7%1/

4103.90.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.3%1/

Free

25%

25%

Free

25%

Free

10%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
41-7

Tanned or crust hides and skins of bovine (including buffalo)
or equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, but not
further prepared:

In the wet state (including wet-blue):

Full grains, unsplit; grain splits:

Whole bovine leather, of a unit surface area not
exceeding 28 square feet (2.6 m2):

Upper leather; lining leather..............................
Upper leather...............................................

Lining leather...............................................
Other...................................................................

..................
m2
m2
m2..............

Free2/

2.4%2/

Other:

Buffalo.................................................................

..................

2.4%3/

Upper leather...............................................

Other.............................................................

m2
m2

Other:

Upper leather; sole leather.........................

..................

5%3/

Upper leather........................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

m2
m2
..................

3.3%3/

Wet blues:

Not split...........................................

pcs
kg

Split:

Grains.......................................

pcs

Other........................................
Other......................................................

kg
kg

15%

15%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4104

4104.11

4104.11.10

4104.11.20

4104.11.30

4104.11.40

4104.11.50

20

40
00

10

60

10

60

30

40

70
80

VIII
41-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4104 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tanned or crust hides and skins of bovine (including buffalo)
or equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, but not
further prepared: (con.)

In the wet state (including wet-blue): (con.)

4104.19

Other:

4104.19.10

4104.19.20

20

40
00

Whole bovine leather, of a unit surface area not
exceeding 28 square feet (2.6 m2):

Upper leather; lining leather..............................
Upper leather...............................................

Lining leather...............................................
Other...................................................................

..................
m2
m2
m2..............

Free2/

2.4%2/

4104.19.30

00

Buffalo.................................................................

Other:

m2..............

2.4%3/

4104.19.40

Upper leather; sole leather.........................

..................

5% 3/

Other:

4104.19.50

10

60

30

40

70
80

Upper leather........................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

m2
m2
..................

3.3% 3/

Wet blues:

Not split...........................................

pcs
kg

Split:

Grains.......................................

pcs

Other........................................
Other......................................................

kg
kg

15%

15%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
41-9

Tanned or crust hides and skins of bovine (including buffalo)
or equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, but not
further prepared: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4104 (con.)

4104.41

Full grains, unsplit; grain splits:

In the dry state (crust):

4104.41.10

4104.41.20

4104.41.30

4104.41.40

4104.41.50

20

40
00

10

60

10

60
00

Whole bovine leather, of a unit surface area not
exceeding 28 square feet (2.6 m2):

Upper leather; lining leather..............................
Upper leather...............................................

Lining leather...............................................
Other...................................................................

..................
m2
m2
m2..............

Free2/

2.4%2/

Other:

Buffalo.................................................................

..................

2.4% 3/

Upper leather...............................................

Other.............................................................

m2
m2

Other:

Upper leather; sole leather.........................

..................

5% 3/

Upper leather........................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

m2
m2
m2..............

3.3% 3/

15%

15%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

VIII
41-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4104 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tanned or crust hides and skins of bovine (including buffalo)
or equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, but not
further prepared: (con.)

In the dry state (crust): (con.)

4104.49

Other:

4104.49.10

4104.49.20

4104.49.30

4104.49.40

4104.49.50

20

40
00

10

60

10

60
00

Whole bovine leather, of a unit surface area not
exceeding 28 square feet (2.6 m2):

Upper leather; lining leather..............................
Upper leather...............................................

Lining leather...............................................
Other...................................................................

..................
m2
m2
m2..............

Free2/

2.4%2/

Other:

Buffalo.................................................................

..................

2.4% 3/

Upper leather...............................................

Other.............................................................

m2
m2

Other:

Upper leather; sole leather.........................

..................

5% 3/

Upper leather........................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

m2
m2
m2..............

3.3% 3/

4105

4105.10
4105.10.10

00

Tanned or crust skins of sheep or lambs, without wool on,
whether or not split, but not further prepared:
In the wet state (including wet-blue):

Wet blues.........................................................................

m2..............

2% 3/

4105.10.90

00

Other.................................................................................

m2..............

2% 3/

4105.30.00

00

In the dry state (crust)............................................................

m2..............

2% 3/

15%

15%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4106

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Tanned or crust skins of other animals, without wool or hair
on, whether or not split, but not further prepared:

Of goats or kids:

VIII
41-11

2

4106.21
4106.21.10

00

In the wet state (including wet-blue):

Wet blues...................................................................

m2..............

2.4% 3/

4106.21.90

00

Other..........................................................................

m2..............

2.4% 3/

4106.22.00

00

In the dry state (crust).....................................................

m2..............

2.4% 3/

Of swine:

4106.31
4106.31.10

00

In the wet state (including wet-blue):

Wet blues...................................................................

m2..............

4.2%2/

4106.31.90

00

Other..........................................................................

m2..............

4.2%2/

4106.32.00

00

In the dry state (crust).....................................................

m2..............

4.2%2/

4106.40.00

00

Of reptiles................................................................................

m2..............

Free2/

4106.91.00

00

In the wet state (including wet-blue).............................

Other:

m2..............

3.3%2/

4106.92.00

00

In the dry state (crust).....................................................

m2..............

3.3%2/

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
41-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4107

4107.11

4107.11.10

20

40

Leather further prepared after tanning or crusting, including
parchment-dressed leather, of bovine (including buffalo) or
equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, other than
leather of heading 4114:

Whole hides and skins:
Full grains, unsplit:

Of bovines, and of a unit surface area not
exceeding 28 square feet (2.6 m2):

Upper leather; lining leather..............................
Upper leather...............................................

Lining leather...............................................

Other:

Free2/

..................
m2
m2

m2..............

2.4%2/

4107.11.20

00

Not fancy......................................................

4107.11.30

00

Fancy............................................................

m2..............

3.6% 3/

4107.11.40

00

Buffalo.................................................................

Other:

m2..............

2.5% 3/

4107.11.50

00

Upholstery leather.......................................

Other:

m2..............

2.8% 3/

4107.11.60

Upper leather; sole leather.........................

..................

3.3% 3/

10

60

30

40

50

90
00

4107.11.70

4107.11.80

Upper leather........................................

Sole leather...........................................

m2
m2

Other:

Not fancy...............................................

..................

5% 3/

Belting.............................................

Glove and garment........................

Bag, case, strap and collar...........

Other...............................................
Fancy.....................................................

m2
m2
m2
m2
m2..............

2.4% 3/

15%

15%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4107 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VIII
41-13

2

Leather further prepared after tanning or crusting, including
parchment-dressed leather, of bovine (including buffalo) or
equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, other than
leather of heading 4114: (con.)

Whole hides and skins: (con.)

4107.12

Grain splits:

4107.12.10

20

40

Of bovines, and of a unit surface area not
exceeding 28 square feet (2.6 m2):

Upper leather; lining leather..............................
Upper leather...............................................

Lining leather...............................................

Other:

4107.12.20

00

Not fancy......................................................

Free2/

..................
m2
m2

m2..............

2.4%2/

4107.12.30

00

Fancy............................................................

m2..............

3.6% 3/

4107.12.40

00

Buffalo.................................................................

Other:

m2..............

2.5% 3/

4107.12.50

00

Upholstery leather.......................................

Other:

m2..............

2.8% 3/

4107.12.60

Upper leather; sole leather.........................

..................

3.3% 3/

10

60

30

40

50

90
00

4107.12.70

4107.12.80

Upper leather........................................

Sole leather...........................................

m2
m2

Other:

Not fancy...............................................

..................

5% 3/

Belting.............................................

Glove and garment........................

Bag, case, strap and collar...........

Other...............................................
Fancy.....................................................

m2
m2
m2
m2
m2..............

2.4% 3/

15%

15%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VIII
41-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4107 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Leather further prepared after tanning or crusting, including
parchment-dressed leather, of bovine (including buffalo) or
equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, other than
leather of heading 4114: (con.)

Whole hides and skins: (con.)

4107.19

Other:

4107.19.10

20

40

Of bovines, and of a unit surface area not
exceeding 28 square feet (2.6 m2):

Upper leather; lining leather..............................
Upper leather...............................................

Lining leather...............................................

Other:

4107.19.20

00

Not fancy......................................................

Free2/

..................
m2
m2

m2..............

2.4%2/

4107.19.30

00

Fancy............................................................

m2..............

3.6% 3/

15%

15%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4107 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VIII
41-15

2

Leather further prepared after tanning or crusting, including
parchment-dressed leather, of bovine (including buffalo) or
equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, other than
leather of heading 4114: (con.)

4107.19
(con.)

Whole hides and skins: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

4107.19.40

00

Buffalo.................................................................

m2..............

2.5% 3/

4107.19.50

00

Upholstery leather.......................................

Other:

m2..............

2.8% 3/

4107.19.60

Upper leather; sole leather.........................

..................

5% 3/

10

50

30

40

50

90
00

4107.19.70

4107.19.80

Upper leather........................................

Sole leather...........................................

m2
m2
kg

Other:

Not fancy...............................................

..................

5% 3/

Belting.............................................

Glove and garment........................

Bag, case, strap and collar...........

Other...............................................
Fancy.....................................................

m2
m2
m2
m2
m2..............

2.4% 3/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VIII
41-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4107 (con.)

4107.91
4107.91.40

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Leather further prepared after tanning or crusting, including
parchment-dressed leather, of bovine (including buffalo) or
equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, other than
leather of heading 4114: (con.)
Other, including sides:
Full grains, unsplit:

Buffalo........................................................................

m2..............

2.5% 3/

4107.91.50

00

Upholstery leather..............................................

Other:

m2..............

2.8% 3/

4107.91.60

Upper leather; sole leather................................

..................

3.3% 3/

10

50

30

40

50

90
00

4107.91.70

4107.91.80

Upper leather...............................................

Sole leather..................................................

m2
m2

Other:

Not fancy......................................................

..................

5% 3/

Belting....................................................

Glove and garment...............................

Bag, case, strap and collar.................

Other......................................................
Fancy............................................................

m2
m2
m2
m2
m2..............

2.4% 3/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VIII
41-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4107 (con.)

4107.92
4107.92.40

00

Leather further prepared after tanning or crusting, including
parchment-dressed leather, of bovine (including buffalo) or
equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, other than
leather of heading 4114: (con.)

Other, including sides: (con.)

Grain splits:

Buffalo........................................................................

m2..............

2.5% 3/

4107.92.50

00

Upholstery leather..............................................

Other:

m2..............

2.8% 3/

4107.92.60

Upper leather; sole leather................................

..................

3.3% 3/

10

50

30

40

50

90
00

4107.92.70

4107.92.80

Upper leather...............................................

Sole leather..................................................

m2
m2

Other:

Not fancy......................................................

..................

5%3/

Belting....................................................

Glove and garment...............................

Bag, case, strap and collar.................

Other......................................................
Fancy............................................................

m2
m2
m2
m2
m2..............

2.4% 3/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VIII
41-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4107 (con.)

4107.99
4107.99.40

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Leather further prepared after tanning or crusting, including
parchment-dressed leather, of bovine (including buffalo) or
equine animals, without hair on, whether or not split, other than
leather of heading 4114: (con.)

Other, including sides: (con.)

Other:

Buffalo........................................................................

m2..............

2.5%3/

4107.99.50

00

Upholstery leather..............................................

Other:

m2..............

2.8% 3/

4107.99.60

Upper leather; sole leather................................

..................

5% 3/

10

50

30

40

50

90
00

4107.99.70

4107.99.80

4112.00

Upper leather...............................................

Sole leather..................................................

m2
m2

Other:

Not fancy......................................................

..................

5% 3/

Belting....................................................

Glove and garment...............................

Bag, case, strap and collar.................

Other......................................................
Fancy............................................................

m2
m2
m2
m2
m2..............

2.4% 3/

Leather further prepared after tanning or crusting, including
parchment-dressed leather, of sheep or lamb, without wool
on, whether or not split, other than leather of heading 4114:

4112.00.30

Not fancy.................................................................................

..................

2% 3/

30

60
00

4112.00.60

Garment............................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Fancy.......................................................................................

m2
m2
m2..............

2% 3/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VIII
41-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4113

4113.10
4113.10.30

00

Leather further prepared after tanning or crusting, including
parchment-dressed leather, of other animals, without wool or
hair on, whether or not split, other than leather of heading 4114:

Of goats or kids:

Not fancy..........................................................................

m2..............

2.4% 3/

4113.10.60

00

Fancy................................................................................

m2..............

2.8% 3/

4113.20.00

00

Of swine..................................................................................

m2..............

4.2%2/

4113.30
4113.30.30

4113.30.60
4113.90
4113.90.30

00

00

00

Of reptiles:

Not fancy..........................................................................

Fancy................................................................................

Other:

Not fancy..........................................................................

m2..............
m2..............

Free2/
Free2/

m2..............

3.3%2/

4113.90.60

00

Fancy................................................................................

m2..............

1.6%2/

4114

Chamois (including combination chamois) leather; patent
leather and patent laminated leather; metallized leather:

4114.10.00

00

Chamois (including combination chamois) leather............

m2..............

3.2%2/

4114.20

Patent leather and patent laminated leather; metallized
leather:

4114.20.30

00

Patent leather...................................................................

m2..............

2.3%2/

4114.20.40

00

Calf and kip...............................................................

Patent laminated leather; metallized leather:

m2..............

3.6%2/

4114.20.70

00

Other..........................................................................

m2..............

1.6%2/

25%

30%

25%

25%

30%

25%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15%

30%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VIII
41-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4115

4115.10.00

00

4115.20.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Composition leather with a basis of leather or leather fiber, in
slabs, sheets or strip, whether or not in rolls; parings and other
waste of leather or of composition leather, not suitable for the
manufacture of leather articles; leather dust, powder and flour:
Composition leather with a basis of leather or leather fiber,
in slabs, sheets or strip, whether or not in rolls...................

Parings and other waste of leather or of composition
leather, not suitable for the manufacture of leather articles;
leather dust, powder and flour..............................................

kg..............

Free2/

kg..............

Free1/

10%

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VIII
Endnotes--page 41 - 21

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See U.S. note 3 to subchapter III, chapter 99, 9903.41.05 and 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 42

ARTICLES OF LEATHER; SADDLERY AND HARNESS;
TRAVEL GOODS, HANDBAGS AND SIMILAR CONTAINERS;
ARTICLES OF ANIMAL GUT (OTHER THAN SILKWORM GUT)

Notes

1.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "leather" includes chamois (including combination chamois) leather, patent leather,
patent laminated leather and metalized leather.

VIII
42-1

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Sterile surgical catgut or similar sterile suture materials (heading 3006);

(b) Articles of apparel or clothing accessories (except gloves, mittens and mitts), lined with furskin or artificial fur or to which

furskin or artificial fur is attached on the outside, except as mere trimming (heading 4303 or 4304);

(c) Made up articles of netting (heading 5608);

(d) Articles of chapter 64;

(e) Headgear or parts thereof of chapter 65;

(f) Whips, riding-crops or other articles of heading 6602;

(g) Cuff-links, bracelets or other imitation jewelry (heading 7117);

(h) Fittings or trimmings for harness, such as stirrups, bits, horse brasses and buckles, separately entered (generally section

XV);

(ij) Strings, skins for drums or the like, or other parts of musical instruments (heading 9209);

(k) Articles of chapter 94 (for example, furniture, luminaires and lighting fittings);

(l) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games, sports equipment); or

(m) Buttons, press-fasteners, snap-fasteners, press-studs, button molds or other parts of these articles, button blanks, of heading

9606.

3.

(A)

In addition to the provisions of note 2, above, heading 4202 does not cover:

(a) Bags made of sheeting of plastics, whether or not printed, with handles, not designed for prolonged use (heading 3923);

(b) Articles of plaiting materials (heading 4602).

(B) Articles of headings 4202 and 4203 which have parts of precious metal or metal clad with precious metal, of natural or

cultured pearls, of precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed) remain classified in those headings
even if such parts constitute more than minor fittings or minor ornamentation, provided that these parts do not give the articles
their essential character. If, on the other hand, the parts give the articles their essential character, the articles are to be
classified in chapter 71.

4.

For the purposes of heading 4203, the expression "articles of apparel and clothing accessories" applies, inter alia, to gloves,
mittens and mitts (including those for sport or for protection), aprons and other protective clothing, braces, belts, bandoliers and
wrist straps, but excluding watch straps (heading 9113).

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of heading 4202, the expression "travel, sports and similar bags" means goods, other than those falling in
subheadings 4202.11 through 4202.39, of a kind designed for carrying clothing and other personal effects during travel, including
backpacks and shopping bags of this heading, but does not include binocular cases, camera cases, musical instrument cases,
bottle cases and similar containers.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VIII
42-2
Notes (con.)

2.

For purposes of classifying articles under subheadings 4202.12, 4202.22, 4202.32, and 4202.92, articles of textile fabric
impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics (whether compact or cellular) shall be regarded as having an outer
surface of textile material or of sheeting of plastics, depending upon whether and the extent to which the textile constituent or
the plastic constituent makes up the exterior surface of the article.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
42-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4201.00

4201.00.30

00

Saddlery and harness for any animal (including traces, leads,
knee pads, muzzles, saddle cloths, saddle bags, dog coats
and the like), of any material:

Dog leashes, collars, muzzles, harnesses and similar dog
equipment...............................................................................

No.............

2.4%1/

35%

15%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4201.00.60

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

2.8%1/

4202

4202.11.00

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper:

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels and similar containers:

With outer surface of leather or of composition
leather...............................................................................

..................

8%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

6.4% (E)

30

90

Attache cases, briefcases, school satchels,
occupational luggage cases and similar
containers..................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

VIII
42-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels and similar containers: (con.)

4202.12

With outer surface of plastics or of textile materials:

4202.12.21

With outer surface of plastics:

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases and similar
containers...........................................................

..................

20%1/

4202.12.29

20

50

10

25

35

85

Structured, rigid on all sides......................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
..................

20%1/

Structured, rigid on all sides:

Attache cases, briefcases and similar
containers..............................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Other:

Attache cases, briefcases and similar
containers..............................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

17.5% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

17.5% (E)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
42-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

4202.12
(con.)

4202.12.40

00

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels and similar containers: (con.)

With outer surface of plastics or of textile materials:
(con.)

With outer surface of textile materials:

Of vegetable fibers and not of pile or tufted
construction:

Of cotton (369)............................................

4202.12.60

00

Other (870)..................................................

No.............
kg

6.3%1/

No.............
kg

5.7%1/

40%

40%

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.9% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4% (E)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

4202.12.81

Of man-made fibers...........................................

..................

17.6%1/

30

70

Attache cases, briefcases, school
satchels, occupational luggage cases and
similar containers (670)..............................

Other (670)..................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

VIII
42-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

4202.12
(con.)

4202.12.89

10

20

40

50

60

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels and similar containers: (con.)

With outer surface of plastics or of textile materials:
(con.)

With outer surface of textile materials: (con.)

Other...................................................................

..................

17.6%1/

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

Attache cases, briefcases, school
satchels, occupational luggage cases and
similar containers:

Containing 85 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste...................

Of cotton (369).....................................

Other (870)...........................................

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste...................

Of cotton (369).....................................

Other (870)...........................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.............

20%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

17.5% (E)

4202.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
42-7

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Handbags, whether or not with shoulder strap, including
those without handle:

4202.21
4202.21.30

00

With outer surface of leather or of composition leather:
Of reptile leather.......................................................

No.............

5.3%1/

4202.21.60

00

Valued not over $20 each.................................

No.............

10%1/

Other:

4202.21.90

00

Valued over $20 each.......................................

No.............

9%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

4.2% (E)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

8% (E)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

7.2% (E)

VIII
42-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

4202.22

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Handbags, whether or not with shoulder strap, including
those without handle: (con.)

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of textile
materials:

4202.22.15

00

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics..............

No.............

16%1/

With outer surface of textile materials:

Wholly or in part of braid:

4202.22.35

00

Of abaca......................................................

No.............
kg

8.4%1/

4202.22.40

Other.............................................................

..................

7.4%1/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

15% (E)

90%

90%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5.7% (E)

10

20

30

40

Containing 85 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste...................

Other:

Of cotton (369)...............................

Of man-made fibers (670)............

Other (871).....................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
42-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

4202.22
(con.)

4202.22.45

00

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Handbags, whether or not with shoulder strap, including
those without handle: (con.)

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of textile
materials: (con.)

With outer surface of textile materials: (con.)

Other:

Of vegetable fibers and not of pile or tufted
construction:

Of cotton (369).....................................

4202.22.60

00

Other (871)...........................................

4202.22.70

00

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste...................

4202.22.81

00

Of man-made fibers (670)...................

4202.22.89

Other......................................................

..................

17.6%1/

30

70

80

Of cotton (369)...............................

Of paper yarn.................................

Other (871).....................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.............
kg

6.3%1/

No.............
kg

5.7%1/

No.............
kg

7%1/

No.............
kg

17.6%1/

40%

40%

65%

65%

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.9% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, NP, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

VIII
42-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Handbags, whether or not with shoulder strap, including
those without handle: (con.)

4202.29

Other:

Of materials (other than leather, composition
leather, sheeting of plastics, textile materials,
vulcanized fiber or paperboard) wholly or mainly
covered with paper:

4202.29.10

00

Of plastics...........................................................

No.............

5.3%1/

4202.29.20

00

Of wood...............................................................

No.............

3.3%1/

4202.29.50

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

7.8%1/

4202.29.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

20%1/

80%

33 1/3%2/

110%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, NP, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

17.5% (E)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VIII
42-11

2

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)
Articles of a kind normally carried in the pocket or in the
handbag:

4202.31
4202.31.30

00

With outer surface of leather or of composition leather:
Of reptile leather.......................................................

No.............

3.7%1/

4202.31.60

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

8%1/

4202.32

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of textile
materials:

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics:

4202.32.10

00

Of reinforced or laminated plastics..................

No.............
kg

12.1¢/kg +
4.6%1/

4202.32.20

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

20%1/

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

6.4% (E)

$1.10/kg +

40%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
42-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

4202.32
(con.)

4202.32.40

00

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)
Articles of a kind normally carried in the pocket or in the
handbag: (con.)

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of textile
materials: (con.)

With outer surface of textile materials:

Of vegetable fibers and not of pile or tufted
construction:

Of cotton (369)............................................

4202.32.80

00

Other (871)..................................................

4202.32.85

00

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste......................................

4202.32.91

00

Of cotton (369)............................................

4202.32.93

00

Of man-made fibers (670)..........................

4202.32.99

00

Other (871)..................................................

No.............
kg

6.3%1/

No.............
kg

5.7%1/

No.............
kg

Free1/

No.............
kg

17.6%1/

No.............
kg

17.6%1/

No.............
kg

17.6%1/

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.9% (E)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, NP, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

65%

65%

65%

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

4202.39

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VIII
42-13

2

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)
Articles of a kind normally carried in the pocket or in the
handbag: (con.)
Other:

Of material (other than leather, composition
leather, sheeting of plastics, textile materials,
vulcanized fiber or paperboard) wholly or mainly
covered with paper:

4202.39.10

00

Of plastics...........................................................

4202.39.20

00

Of wood...............................................................

4202.39.50

00

Other...................................................................

4202.39.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............
kg

5.3%1/

No.............
kg

3.3%1/

No.............
kg

7.8%1/

No.............
kg

20%1/

80%

33 1/3%

110%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VIII
42-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Other:

4202.91
4202.91.10

00

With outer surface of leather or of composition leather:
Golf bags...................................................................

No.............

4.5%1/

4202.91.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.5%1/

30

90

4202.92

4202.92.04

00

Travel, sports and similar bags........................

No.

Other...................................................................
With outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of textile
materials:

No.

Insulated food or beverage bags:

With outer surface of textile materials:

Beverage bags whose interior incorporates
only a flexible plastic container of a kind
for storing and dispensing potable
beverages through attached flexible
tubing............................................................

No.............
kg

7%1/

4202.92.08

Other.............................................................

..................

7%1/

05

07

09

Of cotton (369).....................................

Of man-made fibers (670)...................

Other (870)...........................................

4202.92.10

00

Other...................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.............
kg

3.4%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.5% (E)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.5% (E)

35%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VIII
42-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

4202.92
(con.)

4202.92.15

00

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Other: (con.)

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of textile
materials: (con.)

Travel, sports and similar bags:

With outer surface of textile materials:

Of vegetable fibers and not of pile or tufted
construction:

Of cotton (369).....................................

4202.92.20

00

Other (870)...........................................

No.............
kg

6.3%1/

No.............
kg

5.7%1/

4202.92.31

Of man-made fibers....................................

..................

17.6%1/

4202.92.33

20

31

05

10

16

Backpacks (670)3/................................

Other (670)...........................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Of paper yarn or of cotton; containing 85
percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste............................................................

..................

17.6%1/

Of paper yarn........................................

Containing 85 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste...................

Of cotton (369).....................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

40%

40%

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.9% (E)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4% (E)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

VIII
42-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Other: (con.)

4202.92
(con.)

4202.92.39

00

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of textile
materials: (con.)

Travel, sports and similar bags: (con.)

With outer surface of textile materials: (con.)
Other (870)..................................................

4202.92.45

00

Other ..................................................................

No.............
kg

17.6%1/

No.............
kg

20%1/

4202.92.50

00

Musical instrument cases........................................

No.............

4.2%1/

65%

45%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

17.5% (E)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

4202.92
(con.)

4202.92.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VIII
42-17

2

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Other: (con.)

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of textile
materials: (con.)
Other:

Of cotton.............................................................

..................

6.3%1/

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4.9% (E)

10

91

Jewelry boxes, and similar containers of
a kind normally sold at retail with their
contents........................................................

Other (369)..................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

Other: (con.)

With outer surface of sheeting of plastics or of textile
materials: (con.)
Other: (con.)
Other:

With outer surface of textile materials:

Of man-made fibers (except jewelry
boxes of a kind normally sold at retail
with their contents) (670).....................

No.............
kg

17.6%1/

4202.92.93

Other......................................................

..................

17.6%1/

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

VIII
42-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

4202.92
(con.)

4202.92.91

00

10

15

36

4202.92.94

00

Containing 85 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste............

Other, jewelry boxes of a kind
normally sold at retail with their
contents..........................................

Other (870).....................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other:

Cases designed to protect and
transport compact disks (CD's), CD
Rom disks, CD players, cassette
players, and/or cassettes....................

4202.92.97

00

Other......................................................

No.............
kg

17.6%1/

No.............
kg

17.6%1/

45%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16.6% (E)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

VIII
42-19

2

Trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases,
school satchels, spectacle cases, binocular cases, camera
cases, musical instrument cases, gun cases, holsters and
similar containers; traveling bags, insulated food or beverage
bags, toiletry bags, knapsacks and backpacks, handbags,
shopping bags, wallets, purses, map cases, cigarette cases,
tobacco pouches, tool bags, sports bags, bottle cases, jewelry
boxes, powder cases, cutlery cases and similar containers, of
leather or of composition leather, of sheeting of plastics, of
textile materials, of vulcanized fiber or of paperboard, or wholly
or mainly covered with such materials or with paper: (con.)

4202.99

Other: (con.)
Other:

Of materials (other than leather, composition
leather, sheeting of plastics, textile materials,
vulcanized fiber or paperboard) wholly or mainly
covered with paper:

4202.99.10

00

Of plastics...........................................................

4202.99.20

00

Not lined with textile fabrics.......................

Of wood:

4202.99.30

00

Lined with textile fabrics.............................

4202.99.50

00

Other...................................................................

4202.99.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............
kg

3.4%1/

No.............
kg

4.3%1/

No.............
kg
No.............
kg

Free1/

7.8%1/

No.............
kg

20%1/

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11¢/kg +20%

110%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

17.5% (E)

VIII
42-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4203

4203.10
4203.10.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles of apparel and clothing accessories, of leather or of
composition leather:

Articles of apparel:

Of reptile leather..............................................................

No.............

4.7%1/

4203.10.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

6%1/

10

30

60

85

95

Coats and jackets:

Anoraks...............................................................

No.

Other:

Men's and boys'..........................................

No.

Women's, girls' and infants'.......................

No.

Other:

Men's and boys'.................................................

No.

Women's, girls' and infants'..............................

No.

4203.21

Specially designed for use in sports:

Gloves, mittens and mitts:

Baseball and softball gloves and mitts (including
batting gloves):

4203.21.20

00

Batting gloves.....................................................

No.............

3%1/

4203.21.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

4203.21.55

00

Cross-country ski gloves, mittens and mitts....

prs.............

Ski or snowmobile gloves, mittens and mitts:

Free1/

3.5%1/

4203.21.60

00

Other...................................................................

prs.............

5.5%1/

4203.21.70

00

Ice hockey gloves.....................................................

prs.............

4203.21.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

4.9%1/

30

60

Golf gloves..........................................................

doz.

Other...................................................................

No.

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

4.8% (E)

30%

30%

45%

45%

30%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4203 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Articles of apparel and clothing accessories, of leather or of
composition leather: (con.)

Gloves, mittens and mitts: (con.)

VIII
42-21

2

4203.29

Other:

4203.29.05

00

Gloves of horsehide or cowhide (except calfskin)
leather:

Wholly of leather:

With fourchettes or sidewalls which, at a
minimum, extend from fingertip to fingertip
between each of the four fingers...............

doz. prs......

12.6%1/

4203.29.08

00

Other.............................................................

doz. prs......

14%1/

4203.29.15

00

Other:

With fourchettes or sidewalls which, at a
minimum, extend from fingertip to fingertip
between each of the four fingers...............

doz. prs......

14%1/

4203.29.18

00

Other.............................................................

doz. prs......

14%1/

4203.29.20

00

Not seamed........................................................

doz. prs......

12.6%1/

Other:

4203.29.30

Men's............................................................

..................

14%1/

Other:

10

20

Not lined................................................

doz. prs.

Lined......................................................

doz. prs.

For other persons:

4203.29.40

00

Not lined................................................

doz. prs......

12.6%1/

4203.29.50

00

Lined......................................................

doz. prs......

12.6%1/

4203.30.00

00

Belts and bandoliers with or without buckles......................

No.............

2.7%1/

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

25%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

11.5% (E)

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

25%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

11.5% (E)

25%

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%2/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, NP, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

VIII
42-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4203 (con.)

4203.40
4203.40.30

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles of apparel and clothing accessories, of leather or of
composition leather: (con.)

Other clothing accessories:

Of reptile leather..............................................................

No.............

4.9%1/

4203.40.60

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

4205.00

Other articles of leather or of composition leather:

4205.00.05

00

Of a kind used in machinery or mechanical appliances or
for other technical uses:

Belting leather cut or wholly or partly manufactured
into forms or shapes suitable for conversion into
belting...............................................................................

kg..............

2.9%1/

4205.00.10

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Other:

4205.00.20

00

Shoelaces.........................................................................

kg..............

4205.00.40

00

Straps and strops............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

1.8%1/

4205.00.60

00

Of reptile leather.......................................................

kg..............

4.9%1/

Other:

4205.00.80

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4206.00

Articles of gut (other than silkworm gut), of goldbeater's skin,
of bladders or of tendons:

Of catgut:

4206.00.13

00

If imported for use in the manufacture of sterile surgical
sutures..............................................................................

kg..............

3.5%

4206.00.19

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.9%

10

30
00

4206.00.90

Racquet strings.........................................................

m

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

12.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

15%

35%

35%

35%

40%

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VIII
Endnotes--page 42 - 23

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 43

FURSKINS AND ARTIFICIAL FUR; MANUFACTURES THEREOF

Notes

1.

Throughout the tariff schedule references to "furskins", other than to raw furskins of heading 4301, apply to hides or skins of all
animals which have been tanned or dressed with the hair or wool on.

VIII
43-1

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Birdskins or parts of birdskins, with their feathers or down (heading 0505 or 6701);

(b) Raw hides or skins, with the hair or wool on, of chapter 41 (see note 1(c) to that chapter);

(c) Gloves, mittens and mitts consisting of leather and furskin or of leather and artificial fur (heading 4203);

(d) Articles of chapter 64;

(e) Headgear or parts thereof of chapter 65; or

(f) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games, sports equipment).

3. Heading 4303 includes furskins and parts thereof, assembled with the addition of other materials, and furskins and parts thereof,

sewn together in the form of garments or parts or accessories of garments or in the form of other articles.

4. Articles of apparel and clothing accessories (except those excluded by note 2) lined with furskin or artificial fur or to which furskin
or artificial fur is attached on the outside except as mere trimming are to be classified in heading 4303 or 4304 as the case may
be.

5.

Throughout the tariff schedule the expression "artificial fur" means any imitation of furskin consisting of wool, hair or other fibers
gummed or sewn on to leather, woven fabric or other materials, but does not include imitation furskins obtained by weaving or
knitting (generally, heading 5801 or 6001).

VIII
43-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4301

4301.10.00

4301.30.00

10

20
00

4301.60
4301.60.30

00

4301.60.60
4301.80.02

4301.90.00

00

01

02

03

04

10

20

40

60

70

75

80

90
00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Raw furskins (including heads, tails, paws and other pieces
or cuttings, suitable for furriers' use), other than raw hides and
skins of heading 4101, 4102 or 4103:

Of mink, whole, with or without head, tail or paws.............
Wild...................................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

No.

Of lamb, the following: Astrakhan, Broadtail, Caracul,
Persian and similar lamb, Indian, Chinese, Mongolian or
Tibetan lamb, whole, with or without head, tail or paws.....

Of fox, whole, with or without head, tail or paws:

Of silver, black or platinum fox (including those of any
fox which is a mutation, or type developed, from silver,
black or platinum foxes)..................................................

No.............

Free

No.............

5.1%1/

Other.................................................................................
Other furskins, whole, with or without head, tail or paws...
Of hare..............................................................................

No.............
..................
No.

Free1/
Free1/

Free

Free

50%

Free
Free

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Of rabbit............................................................................

Of beaver..........................................................................

Of muskrat.......................................................................

Of nutria............................................................................

Of lynx...............................................................................

Of marten.........................................................................

Of sable............................................................................

Of fisher............................................................................

Of racoon..........................................................................

Of seal..............................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Heads, tails, paws and other pieces or cuttings, suitable
for furriers' use........................................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

kg..............

Free

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4302

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
43-3

Tanned or dressed furskins (including heads, tails, paws and
other pieces or cuttings), unassembled, or assembled (without
the addition of other materials) other than those of heading
4303:

Whole skins, with or without head, tail or paws, not
assembled:

4302.11.00

Of mink.............................................................................

..................

2.1%2/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

Kolinsky.....................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
43-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4302 (con.)

4302.19
4302.19.13

00

4302.19.15

00

Tanned or dressed furskins (including heads, tails, paws and
other pieces or cuttings), unassembled, or assembled (without
the addition of other materials) other than those of heading
4303: (con.)

Whole skins, with or without head, tail or paws, not
assembled: (con.)

Other:

Of lamb, the following: Astrakhan, Broadtail,
Caracul, Persian and similar lamb, Indian, Chinese,
Mongolian or Tibetan lamb......................................

No.............

2.2%2/

Of beaver, chinchilla, ermine, fisher, fitch, fox,
leopard, lynx, marten, nutria, ocelot, otter, pony,
racoon, sable or wolf:

Of silver, black or platinum fox (including those
of any fox which is a mutation, or type
developed, from silver, black or platinum
foxes)...................................................................

No.............

5.6%2/

4302.19.30

Not dyed.......................................................

..................

1.5%2/

Other:

30

40

70

30

40

70
00

4302.19.45

4302.19.55

Fox.........................................................

No.

Racoon..................................................

No.

Other......................................................
Dyed.............................................................

No.
..................

2.2%2/

Fox.........................................................

No.

Racoon..................................................

No.

Other......................................................
Of rabbit or hare........................................................

No.
No.............

2.7%2/

4302.19.60

00

Not dyed..............................................................

No.............

3.5%2/

Other:

4302.19.75

00

Dyed....................................................................

No.............

1.7%2/

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

VIII
43-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4302 (con.)

4302.20

4302.20.30

00

Tanned or dressed furskins (including heads, tails, paws and
other pieces or cuttings), unassembled, or assembled (without
the addition of other materials) other than those of heading
4303: (con.)

Heads, tails, paws and other pieces or cuttings, not
assembled:

Of beaver, Caracul or Persian lamb, chinchilla, ermine,
fisher, fitch, fox, Kolinsky, leopard, lynx, marten, mink,
nutria, ocelot, otter, pony, racoon, sable or wolf..........

kg..............

2.1%2/

4302.20.60

00

Not dyed....................................................................

kg..............

3.5%2/

Other:

4302.20.90

00

Dyed...........................................................................

kg..............

1.7%2/

4302.30.00

00

Whole skins and pieces or cuttings thereof, assembled....

kg..............

5.3%2/

4303

Articles of apparel, clothing accessories and other articles of
furskin:

4303.10.00

Articles of apparel and clothing accessories......................

..................

4%2/

30

60
00

4303.90.00

Of mink.............................................................................

No.

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
No.............

4304.00.00

00

Artificial fur and articles thereof...................................................

No.............

Free2/

6.5%2/

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

30%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

74%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

VIII
Endnotes--page 43 - 6
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

WOOD AND ARTICLES OF WOOD; WOOD CHARCOAL; CORK AND ARTICLES OF CORK; MANUFACTURES OF
STRAW, OF ESPARTO OR OF OTHER PLAITING MATERIALS; BASKETWARE AND WICKERWORK

IX-1

SECTION IX

IX-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 44

WOOD AND ARTICLES OF WOOD; WOOD CHARCOAL

IX
44-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Wood, in chips, in shavings, crushed, ground or powdered, of a kind used primarily in perfumery, in pharmacy, or for

insecticidal, fungicidal or similar purposes (heading 1211);

(b) Bamboo or other materials of a woody nature of a kind used primarily for plaiting, in the rough, whether or not split, sawn

lengthwise or cut to length (heading 1401);

(c) Wood, in chips, in shavings, ground or powdered, of a kind used primarily in dyeing or in tanning (heading 1404);

(d) Activated charcoal (heading 3802);

(e) Articles of heading 4202;

(f) Goods of chapter 46;

(g) Footwear or parts thereof of chapter 64;

(h) Goods of chapter 66 (for example, umbrellas and walking-sticks and parts thereof);

(ij) Goods of heading 6808;

(k)

Imitation jewelry of heading 7117;

(l) Goods of section XVI or section XVII (for example, machine parts, cases, covers, cabinets for machines and apparatus and

wheelwrights' wares);

(m) Goods of section XVIII (for example, clock cases and musical instruments and parts thereof);

(n) Parts of firearms (heading 9305);

(o) Articles of chapter 94 (for example, furniture, luminaires and lighting fittings, prefabricated buildings);

(p) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games, sports equipment);

(q) Articles of chapter 96 (for example, smoking pipes and parts thereof, buttons, pencils, and monopods, bipods, tripods and

similar articles) excluding bodies and handles, of wood, for articles of heading 9603; or

(r) Articles of chapter 97 (for example, works of art).

2.

In this chapter, the expression "densified wood" means wood which has been subjected to chemical or physical treatment (being,
in the case of layers bonded together, treatment in excess of that needed to insure a good bond), and which has thereby acquired
increased density or hardness together with improved mechanical strength or resistance to chemical or electrical agencies.

3. Headings 4414 to 4421 apply to articles of the respective descriptions of particle board or similar board, fiberboard, laminated

wood or densified wood as they apply to such articles of wood.

4. Products of heading 4410, 4411 or 4412 may be worked to form the shapes provided for in respect of the articles of heading

4409, curved, corrugated, perforated, cut or formed to shapes other than square or rectangular or submitted to any other operation
provided it does not give them the character of articles of other headings.

5. Heading 4417 does not apply to tools in which the blade, working edge, working surface or other working part is formed by any

of the materials specified in note 1 to chapter 82.

6. Subject to note 1 above and except where the context otherwise requires, any reference to "wood" in a heading of this chapter

applies also to bamboo and other materials of a woody nature.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-2
Subheading Notes

1.

2.

3.

4.

For the purposes of subheading 4401.31, the expression "wood pellets" means by-products such as cutter shavings, sawdust
or chips, of the mechanical wood processing industry, furniture-making industry or other wood transformation activities, which
have been agglomerated either directly by compression or by the addition of a binder in a proportion not exceeding 3 percent
by weight. Such pellets are cylindrical, with a diameter not exceeding 25 mm and a length not exceeding 100 mm.

For the purposes of subheading 4401.32, the expression "wood briquettes" means by-products such as cutter shavings, sawdust
or chips, of the mechanical wood processing industry, furniture making or other wood transformation activities, which have been
agglomerated either directly by compression or by the addition of a binder in a proportion not exceeding 3 percent by weight.
Such briquettes are in the form of cubiform, polyhedral or cylindrical units with the minimum cross-sectional dimension greater
than 25 mm.

For the purposes of subheading 4407.13, "S-P-F" refers to wood sourced from mixed stands of spruce, pine and fir where the
proportion of each species varies and is unknown.

For the purposes of subheading 4407.14, "Hem-fir" refers to wood sourced from mixed stands of Western hemlock and fir where
the proportion of each species varies and is unknown.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

In this chapter:

(a) The term "wood waste" means residual material other than firewood resulting from the processing of wood, including scraps,
shavings, sawdust, veneer clippings, chipper rejects and similar small wood residues, as well as larger or coarser solid types
of residual wood such as slabs, edgings, cull pieces and veneer log cores;

(b) The term "standard wood moldings" means wood moldings worked to a pattern and having the same profile in cross section

throughout their length; and

(c) The term "surface covered," as applied to the articles of headings 4411 and 4412, means that one or more exterior surfaces
of a product have been treated with creosote or other wood preservatives, or with fillers, sealers, waxes, oils, stains, varnishes,
paints or enamels, or have been overlaid with paper, fabric, plastics, base metal, or other material.

2.

The effectiveness of the proviso to section 304(a)(3)(J) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304(a)(3)(J)), to the extent permitted
by that section and as provided for in schedule XX to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, is suspended, with the result
that sawed lumber and sawed timbers however provided for, telephone, trolley, electric light and telegraph poles of wood and
bundles of shingles, other than red cedar shingles, shall not be required to be marked to indicate the country of origin.

3. Heading 4409 includes articles having a repeating design worked along any edge or face.

4. Heading 4418 includes--

(a) drilled or notched lumber studs; and

(b) multi-layer assembled flooring panels having a face ply 4 mm or more in thickness.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of heading 4407, the term "rough" includes wood that has been edged, resawn, crosscut or trimmed to smaller
sizes but it does not include wood that has been dressed or surfaced by planing on one or more edges or faces or has been
edge-glued or end-glued.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4401

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
44-3

Fuel wood, in logs, in billets, in twigs, in faggots or in similar
forms; wood in chips or particles; sawdust and wood waste
and scrap, whether or not agglomerated in logs, briquettes,
pellets or similar forms:

Fuel wood, in logs, in billets, in twigs, in faggots or in similar
forms:

4401.11.00

00

Coniferous........................................................................

kg..............

4401.12.00

00

Nonconiferous..................................................................

kg..............

4401.21.00

00

Coniferous........................................................................

t dwb.........

Wood in chips or particles:

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4401.22.00

00

Nonconiferous..................................................................
Sawdust and wood waste and scrap, agglomerated in logs,
briquettes, pellets or similar forms:

t dwb.........

Free1/

4401.31.00

00

Wood pellets....................................................................

kg..............

4401.32.00

00

Wood briquettes..............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

4401.39
4401.39.20

00

4401.39.42

10

20

90

4401.41.00

00

4401.49.00

20

90

Other:

Artificial fire logs composed of wax and sawdust,
with or without added materials .............................

kg..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Sawdust..............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Shavings.............................................................

Other...................................................................
Sawdust and wood waste and scrap, not agglomerated:
Sawdust............................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Shavings....................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

4402

Wood charcoal (including shell or nut charcoal), whether or
not agglomerated:

4402.10.00

00

Of bamboo..............................................................................

t .................

4402.20.00

00

Of shell or nut.........................................................................

t .................

4402.90.01

00

Other........................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

20%

20%

Free

Free

Free2/

Free2/

20%

Free2/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

IX
44-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4403

4403.11.00

4403.12.00

4403.21.01

20

40

50
60

20

40

50
60

12

15

16

20

25

30
65

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wood in the rough, whether or not stripped of bark or sap-
wood, or roughly squared:

Treated with paint, stain, creosote or other preservatives:
Coniferous........................................................................

..................

Free1/

Poles, piles and posts:

Telephone, telegraph and electrical power
poles....................................................................

Fence posts........................................................

m

m

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Nonconiferous..................................................................

m
m3
..................

Free1/

Poles, piles and posts:

Telephone, telegraph and electrical power
poles....................................................................

Fence posts........................................................

m

m

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

m
m3

Other, coniferous:

Of pine (Pinus spp.), of which the smallest
cross-sectional dimension is 15 cm or more................

..................

Free1/

Poles, piles and posts:

Telephone, telegraph and electrical power
poles....................................................................

Fence posts........................................................

Other...................................................................

Logs and timber:

Southern yellow pine (Loblolly pine (Pinus
taeda)), long leaf pine (Pinus palustris), pitch
pine (Pinus rigida), short leaf pine (Pinus
echinata), slash pine (Pinus elliottii) and
Virginia pine (Pinus virginiana)........................

Ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa).................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

m

m

m

m3
m3
m3
m3

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-5

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wood in the rough, whether or not stripped of bark or sap-
wood, or roughly squared: (con.)
Other, coniferous: (con.)

Of pine (Pinus spp.), other.............................................
Pulpwood...................................................................

..................
m3

Free1/

Free

Poles, piles and posts:

Telephone, telegraph and electrical power
poles....................................................................

Fence posts........................................................

Other...................................................................

Logs and timber:

Southern yellow pine (Loblolly pine (Pinus
taeda)), long leaf pine (Pinus palustris), pitch
pine (Pinus rigida), short leaf pine (Pinus
echinata), slash pine (Pinus elliottii) and
Virginia pine (Pinus virginiana)........................

Ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa).................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Of fir (Abies spp.) and spruce (Picea spp.), of which
the smallest cross-sectional dimension is 15 cm or
more..................................................................................

Poles, piles and posts:

m

m

m

m3
m3
m3
m3

..................

Free1/

Free

Telephone, telegraph and electrical power
poles....................................................................

Fence posts........................................................

Other...................................................................

m

m

m

Logs and timber:

Spruce (Picea spp.)...........................................

Other fir; balsam................................................
Other..........................................................................
Of fir (Abies spp.) and spruce (Picea spp.), other.......
Pulpwood...................................................................

m3
m3
m3
..................
m3

Free1/

Poles, piles and posts:

Telephone, telegraph and electrical power
poles....................................................................

Fence posts........................................................

Other...................................................................

Logs and timber:

Spruce (Picea spp.)...........................................

Other fir; balsam................................................
Other..........................................................................

m

m

m

m3
m3
m3

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4403 (con.)

4403.22.01

08

12

15

16

20

25

30
65

12

15

16

35

42
65

04

12

15

16

35

42
65

4403.23.01

4403.24.01

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4403 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wood in the rough, whether or not stripped of bark or sap-
wood, or roughly squared: (con.)
Other, coniferous: (con.)

4403.25.01

Other, of which the smallest cross-sectional dimension
is 15 cm or more..............................................................

..................

Free1/

Free

4403.26.01

12

15

16

40

50

52

55

57

64
65

08

12

15

16

40

50

52

55

57

64
65

Poles, piles and posts:

Telephone, telegraph and electrical power
poles....................................................................

Fence posts........................................................

Other...................................................................

m

m

m

Logs and timber:

Douglas-fir (Pseudotsuga menziesii)...............

Western hemlock (Tsuga heterophylla)..........

Other hemlock....................................................

Western red cedar (Thuja plicata)...................

Other cedar........................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Pulpwood...................................................................

m3
m3
m3
m3
m3
m3
m3
..................
m3

Poles, piles and posts:

Telephone, telegraph and electrical power
poles....................................................................

Fence posts........................................................

Other...................................................................

Logs and timber:

Douglas-fir (Pseudotsuga menziesii)...............

Western hemlock (Tsuga heterophylla)..........

Other hemlock....................................................

Western red cedar (Thuja plicata)...................

Other cedar........................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

m

m

m

m3
m3
m3
m3
m3
m3
m3

Free1/

Free

Other, of tropical wood:

4403.41.00

00

Dark Red Meranti, Light Red Meranti and Meranti
Bakau................................................................................

4403.42.00

00

Teak..................................................................................

4403.49.02

00

Other.................................................................................

m3..............
m3..............
m3..............

Free1/
Free1/
Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
44-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4403 (con.)

4403.91.00

4403.93.01

20

40
00

Wood in the rough, whether or not stripped of bark or sap-
wood, or roughly squared: (con.)

Other:

Of oak (Quercus spp.)....................................................
Of red oak..................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Of beech (Fagus spp.), of which the smallest
cross-sectional dimension is 15 cm or more................

4403.94.01

00

Of beech (Fagus spp.), other.........................................

4403.95.01

4403.96.01

4403.97.00

4403.98.00

4403.99.01

27

30

23

27

30

22

26

65

67

23

28

95

23

28

40

50

55

60

70

75

95

Of birch (Betula spp.), of which the smallest
cross-sectional dimension is 15 cm or more................
Poles, piles and posts..............................................

Other..........................................................................
Of birch (Betula spp.), other...........................................
Pulpwood...................................................................

Poles, piles and posts..............................................

Other..........................................................................
Of poplar and aspen (Populus spp.).............................
Pulpwood...................................................................

Poles, piles and posts..............................................

Other:

Of yellow poplar (Liriodendron tulipifera)........

Of other poplar; of aspen or cottonwood.........
Of eucalyptus (Eucalyptus spp.)....................................
Pulpwood...................................................................

Poles, piles and posts..............................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Pulpwood...................................................................

Poles, piles and posts..............................................

Other:

Of ash (Fraxinus spp.).......................................

Of western red alder (Alnus rubra)..................

Of cherry (Prunus spp.).....................................

Of maple (Acer spp.).........................................

Of walnut (Juglans spp.)...................................

Of paulownia (Paulownia spp.)........................

Other...................................................................

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free1/

..................
m3
m3

m3..............
m3..............

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

..................
m3
m3
..................
m3
m3
m3
..................
m3
m3

m3
m3
..................
m3
m3
m3
..................
m3
m3

m3
m3
m3
m3
m3
m3
m3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
44-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4404

4404.10.00

4404.20.00

40

80

90

40

80

90

Hoopwood; split poles; piles, pickets and stakes of wood,
pointed but not sawn lengthwise; wooden sticks, roughly
trimmed but not turned, bent or otherwise worked, suitable for
the manufacture of walking-sticks, umbrellas, tool handles or
the like; chipwood and the like:

Coniferous...............................................................................
Fence pickets, palings and rails....................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Poles, piles and posts.....................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Nonconiferous........................................................................
Fence pickets, palings and rails....................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Poles, piles and posts.....................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

4405.00.00

00

Wood wool (excelsior); wood flour..............................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

4406

Railway or tramway sleepers (cross-ties) of wood:

Not impregnated:

4406.11.00

00

Coniferous........................................................................

4406.12.00

00

Nonconiferous..................................................................

4406.91.00

00

Coniferous........................................................................

Other:

4406.92.00

00

Nonconiferous..................................................................

m3..............
No.
m3..............
No.

Free1/

Free1/

m3..............
No.
m3..............
No.

Free1/

Free1/

Free

Free2/

33 1/3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
44-9

Wood sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled, whether
or not planed, sanded or end-jointed, of a thickness exceeding
6 mm:

Coniferous:

Of pine (Pinus spp.)........................................................
Finger-jointed............................................................

..................
m3

Free1/

$1.70/m32/

Other:

Treated with paint, stain, creosote or other
preservative........................................................

m3

Not treated:

Eastern white pine (Pinus strobus) and red
pine (Pinus resinosa):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Lodgepole pine (Pinus contorta):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................
Southern yellow pine (Loblolly pine (Pinus
taeda)), long leaf pine (Pinus palustris),
pitch pine (Pinus rigida), short leaf pine
(Pinus echinata), slash pine (Pinus elliottii)
and Virginia pine (Pinus virginiana):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Other pine:

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4407

4407.11.00

01

02

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

49

52

53

IX
44-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4407 (con.)

4407.12.00

01

02

17

18

19

20

58

59
00

4407.13.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wood sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled, whether
or not planed, sanded or end-jointed, of a thickness exceeding
6 mm: (con.)

Coniferous: (con.)

Of fir (Abies spp.) and spruce (Picea spp.)..................
Finger-jointed............................................................

..................
m3

Free1/

$1.70/m32/

Other:

Treated with paint, stain, creosote or other
preservative........................................................

m3

Not treated:

Sitka spruce (Picea sitchensis):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Other spruce:

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Fir (Abies spp.):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................
Of S-P-F (spruce (Picea spp.), pine (Pinus spp.) and
fir (Abies spp.))................................................................

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3..............

Free1/

4407.14.00

00

Of Hem-fir (Western hemlock (Tsuga heterophylla)
and fir (Abies spp.)).........................................................

m3..............

Free1/

$1.70/m32/

$1.70/m3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-11

2

Wood sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled, whether
or not planed, sanded or end-jointed, of a thickness exceeding
6 mm: (con.)

Coniferous: (con.)

Other.................................................................................
Finger-jointed............................................................

..................
m3

Free1/

$1.70/m32/

Other:

Treated with paint, stain, creosote or other
preservative........................................................

m3

Not treated:

Douglas-fir (Pseudotsuga menziesii):

Rough:

Having a minimum dimension less
than 5.1 cm.....................................

m3

Having a minimum dimension 5.1
cm or more but less than 12.7
cm....................................................

Having a minimum dimension 12.7
cm or more.....................................
Other......................................................

Hemlock (Tsuga spp.):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Larch (Larix spp.):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Western red cedar:

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Yellow cedar (Chamaecyparis
nootkatensis):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................
Other cedar (Thuja spp., Juniperus spp.,
Chamaecyparis spp., Cupressus spp. and
Libocedrus spp.):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Redwood (Sequoia sempervirens):

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Rough....................................................

Other......................................................

m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4407 (con.)

4407.19.00

01

02

54

55

56

57

64

65

66

67

68

69

74

75

76

77

82

83

92

93

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
44-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4407 (con.)

4407.22.00

4407.23.01

06

91
00

4407.25.00

00

4407.26.00

00

Wood sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled, whether
or not planed, sanded or end-jointed, of a thickness exceeding
6 mm: (con.)

Of tropical wood:

4407.21.00

00

Mahogany (Swietenia spp.)...........................................

Virola, Imbuia and Balsa.................................................
Balsa (Ochroma lagopus)........................................

Other..........................................................................
Teak..................................................................................

Dark Red Meranti, Light Red Meranti and Meranti
Bakau................................................................................

m3..............

Free1/

White Lauan, White Meranti, White Seraya, Yellow
Meranti and Alan.............................................................

$1.27/m3

$1.27/m3

$1.27/m32/

$1.27/m3

$1.27/m3
$1.27/m3
$1.27/m3

$1.27/m32/

m3..............

Free1/

..................
m3
m3
m3..............

Free1/

Free1/

m3..............
m3..............
m3..............

Free1/
Free1/
Free1/

..................

Free1/

m3

m3
m3

m3

m3

m3

m3
m3

4407.27.00

00

Sapelli...............................................................................

4407.28.00

00

Iroko..................................................................................

4407.29.02

06

11

16

20

40

60

85

96

Other.................................................................................
Acajou d'Afrique (Khaya spp.), also known as
African mahogany.....................................................

Anigre (Aningeria spp.), also known as Aningre,
Aniegre or Anegre....................................................

Keruing (Dipterocarpus spp.)..................................

Ipé (Tabebuia spp. or Handroanthus spp.), also
known as Tahibo or Taheebo, LaPacho or
Lapacho, Brazilian walnut and Patagonian
walnut.........................................................................

Andiroba (Carapa guianensis and C. procera),
Padauk (Pterocarpus spp.), also known as
Padouk.......................................................................

Cedro (Cedrela spp.), also known as Spanish
Cedar.........................................................................

Jatoba (Hymenaea spp.), also known as Brazilian
Cherry........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4407 (con.)

4407.91.00

4407.92.00

4407.93.00

4407.94.00

22

63
00

10

20
00

Wood sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled, whether
or not planed, sanded or end-jointed, of a thickness exceeding
6 mm: (con.)
Other:

Of oak (Quercus spp.)....................................................
Red oak.....................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Of beech (Fagus spp.)....................................................

Of maple (Acer spp.).......................................................
Hard maple................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Of cherry (Prunus spp.)..................................................

4407.95.00

00

Of ash (Fraxinus spp.)....................................................

4407.96.00

4407.97.00

4407.99.02

11

13

19

72

79

42

61

63

95

Of birch (Betula spp.)......................................................
North American (Betula alleghaniensis, Betula
papyrifera, Betula lenta, Betula nigra)....................

European (Betula pendula, Betula pubescens),
also known as Baltic, Russian or Chinese birch....

Other..........................................................................
Of poplar and aspen (Populus spp.).............................
Yellow poplar (Liriodendron tulipifera)...................

Other poplar; aspen; cottonwood...........................
Other.................................................................................
Hickory (Carya spp.) and pecan (Carya illinoensis,
Carya pecan).............................................................

Walnut (Juglans spp)...............................................

Western red alder (Alnus rubra).............................

Other nonconiferous.................................................

..................
m3
m3
m3..............

..................
m3
m3
m3..............
m3..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

..................

Free1/

m3

m3
m3
..................
m3
m3
..................

Free1/

Free1/

m3
m3
m3
m3

IX
44-13

2

$1.27/m32/

$1.27/m3

$1.27/m3

$1.27/m3
$1.27/m3

$1.27/m32/

$1.27/m3

$1.27/m3

IX
44-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4408

4408.10.01

25

45

4408.31.01

00

4408.39.02

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

91

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sheets for veneering (including those obtained by slicing
laminated wood), for plywood or for similar laminated wood
and other wood, sawn lengthwise, sliced or peeled, whether
or not planed, sanded, spliced or end-jointed, of a thickness
not exceeding 6 mm:

Coniferous...............................................................................
Douglas fir........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

Of tropical wood:

Free1/

..................
m2
m2

Dark Red Meranti, Light Red Meranti and Meranti
Bakau................................................................................

m2..............

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Spliced or end-jointed..............................................

..................
m2

Free1/

Other:

Acajou or Acajou d'Afrique (Khaya spp.), also
known as African mahogany............................

Anigre (Aningeria spp.), also known as
Aningre, Aniegre or Anegre..............................

Ceiba (Ceiba spp.).............................................

Obeche (Triplochiton spp.), also known as
Ayous..................................................................

Okoume (Aucoumea spp.)................................

Sapele (Sapelli), Sipo or Utile
(Entandrophragma spp.)...................................

Other...................................................................

m2

m2
m2

m2
m2

m2
m2

20%2/

20%

20%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4408 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-15

2

Sheets for veneering (including those obtained by slicing
laminated wood), for plywood or for similar laminated wood
and other wood, sawn lengthwise, sliced or peeled, whether
or not planed, sanded, spliced or end-jointed, of a thickness
not exceeding 6 mm: (con.)

4408.90.01

Other........................................................................................

..................

Free1/

20%2/

05

10

15

21

31

37
45

51

56

61

66

71

76

81
87

97

Spliced or end-jointed:

Ash (Fraxinus spp.)..................................................

Birch (Betula spp.)....................................................

Cherry (Prunus spp.)................................................

Maple (Acer spp.).....................................................

Oak (Quercus spp.):

Red......................................................................

Other...................................................................
Walnut (Juglans spp.)..............................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Ash (Fraxinus spp.)..................................................

Birch (Betula spp.)....................................................

Cherry (Prunus spp.)................................................

Maple (Acer spp.).....................................................

Oak (Quercus spp.):

Red......................................................................

Other...................................................................
Walnut (Juglans spp.)..............................................

Other..........................................................................

m2
m2
m2
m2

m2
m2
m2
m2

m2
m2
m2
m2

m2
m2
m2
m2

IX
44-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4409

4409.10
4409.10.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wood (including strips and friezes for parquet flooring, not
assembled) continuously shaped (tongued, grooved, rebated,
chamfered, V-jointed, beaded, molded, rounded or the like)
along any of its edges, ends or faces, whether or not planed,
sanded or end-jointed:

Coniferous:

Wood continuously shaped along any of its ends,
whether or not also continuously shaped along any of
its edges or faces, all the foregoing whether or not
planed, sanded or end-jointed.......................................

m3..............

3.2%1/

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4409.10.10

Wood siding..............................................................

..................

Free1/

2.2¢/m22/

Other:

20

40

60

80

Resawn bevel siding:

Western red cedar......................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Western red cedar......................................

Other.............................................................

4409.10.20

00

Wood flooring............................................................

m2
m3
m2
m3

m2
m3
m2
m3
m2..............
m3

Free1/

33 1/3%2/

4409.10.40

4409.10.45
4409.10.50

10

90
00
00

Wood moldings:

Standard wood molding:

Pine (Pinus spp.).........................................
End-jointed............................................

..................
m

Free1/

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

m
m ...............
m ...............

4409.10.60

00

Plain.....................................................................

Wood dowel rods:

m ...............
m3

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

5%2/

5%
40%

5%

4409.10.65

00

Sanded, grooved, or otherwise advanced in
condition..............................................................

m ...............
m3

4.9%1/

33 1/3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4409.10.90

20

40

Other..........................................................................
Western red cedar.............................................

Other...................................................................

..................
m2
m3
m2
m3

Free1/

$1.70/m32/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4409 (con.)

4409.21
4409.21.05

00

00

4409.21.90
4409.22
4409.22.05

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-17

2

Wood (including strips and friezes for parquet flooring, not
assembled) continuously shaped (tongued, grooved, rebated,
chamfered, V-jointed, beaded, molded, rounded or the like)
along any of its edges, ends or faces, whether or not planed,
sanded or end-jointed: (con.)

Nonconiferous:
Of bamboo:

Wood continuously shaped along any of its ends,
whether or not also continuously shaped along any
of its edges or faces, all the foregoing whether or
not planed, sanded or end-jointed..........................

m3..............

3.2%1/

33 1/3%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other..........................................................................

m3..............

Free1/

$1.70/m3

Of tropical wood:

Wood continuously shaped along any of its ends,
whether or not also continuously shaped along any
of its edges or faces, all the foregoing whether or
not planed, sanded or end-jointed..........................

..................

3.2%1/

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15

20

35

45

60

90

Wood flooring (end-matched):

Jatoba (Hymenaea spp.), also known as
Brazilian Cherry...........................................

Ipé (Tabebuia spp. or Handroanthus spp.),
also known as Tahibo or Taheebo,
LaPacho or Lapacho, Brazilian walnut,
and Patagonian walnut...............................

Santos mahogany (Myroxylon balsamum),
also known as Cabreuva............................

Cumaru (Dipteryx spp.), also known as
Brazilian teak...............................................

Other.............................................................

Other...................................................................

m2
m3

m2
m3

m2
m3

m2
m3
m2
m3
m2
m3

IX
44-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4409 (con.)

4409.22
(con.)

4409.22.10

00

4409.22.25

00

4409.22.40

00

4409.22.50

20

40

60

90

4409.22.60

00

4409.22.65

00

4409.22.90

20

30

45

60

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wood (including strips and friezes for parquet flooring, not
assembled) continuously shaped (tongued, grooved, rebated,
chamfered, V-jointed, beaded, molded, rounded or the like)
along any of its edges, ends or faces, whether or not planed,
sanded or end-jointed: (con.)
Nonconiferous: (con.)

Of tropical wood: (con.)

4.3¢/m22/
8%

5%2/

40%

5%

33 1/3%

$1.70/m3

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Wood siding........................................................

Wood flooring.....................................................

m2..............
m2..............
m3

Free1/
Free1/

Wood moldings:

Standard wood moldings...........................

m ...............

Other.............................................................
Durian (Durio spp.)...............................

..................
m

Free1/

Free1/

Jelutong (Dyera spp.)..........................

m

Obeche (Triplochiton spp.), also
known as Ayous...................................

Other......................................................

m

m

Wood dowel rods:

Plain..............................................................

m ...............

Free1/

Sanded, grooved or otherwise advanced
in condition...................................................

m ...............

4.9%1/

Other...................................................................
Cumaru (Dipteryx spp.), also known as
Brazilian teak...............................................

Ipé (Tabebuia spp. or Handroanthus spp.),
also known as Tahibo or Taheebo,
LaPacho or Lapacho, Brazilian walnut and
Patagonian walnut......................................

Keruing (Dipterocarpus spp.)....................

Padauk (Padouk) or Narra (Pterocarpus
spp.)..............................................................

Other.............................................................

..................

Free1/

m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4409 (con.)

4409.29
4409.29.06

55

65

4409.29.11

00

4409.29.26

30

50

60

4409.29.41

00

4409.29.51

00

4409.29.61

00

4409.29.66

00

Wood (including strips and friezes for parquet flooring, not
assembled) continuously shaped (tongued, grooved, rebated,
chamfered, V-jointed, beaded, molded, rounded or the like)
along any of its edges, ends or faces, whether or not planed,
sanded or end-jointed: (con.)
Nonconiferous: (con.)

Other:

Wood continuously shaped along any of its ends,
whether or not also continuously shaped along any
of its edges or faces, all the foregoing whether or
not planed, sanded or end-jointed..........................

Wood flooring (end-matched)...........................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Wood siding........................................................

Wood flooring.....................................................
Maple (Acer spp.).......................................

..................

3.2%1/

m2
m3
m2
m3

m2..............

Free1/

Free1/

..................
m2
m3

Birch (Betula spp.) and beech (Fagus
spp.)..............................................................

Other.............................................................

m2
m3
m2
m3

Wood moldings:

Standard wood moldings...........................

m ...............

Other.............................................................

m ...............

Wood dowel rods:

Plain..............................................................

m ...............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Sanded, grooved or otherwise advanced
in condition...................................................

m ...............

4.9%1/

4409.29.91

00

Other...................................................................

m3..............

Free1/

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.3¢/m2

8%2/

5%

40%

5%2/

33 1/3%

$1.70/m32/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
44-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4410

4410.11.00

4410.12.00

4410.19.00

10

20

30

60

10

20

10

20

30

60

Particle board, oriented strand board (OSB) and similar board
(for example, waferboard) of wood or other ligneous materials,
whether or not agglomerated with resins or other organic
binding substances:

Of wood:

Particle board...................................................................
Unworked or not further worked than sanded.......

Free1/

..................
m3
kg

Surface-covered with melamine-impregnated
paper..........................................................................

Surface-covered with decorative laminates of
plastic.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Oriented strand board (OSB)........................................
Unworked or not further worked than sanded.......

Other..........................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Unworked or not further worked than sanded.......

Surface-covered with melamine-impregnated
paper..........................................................................

Surface-covered with decorative laminates of
plastic.........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Free1/

Free1/

m3
kg

m3
kg
m3
kg
..................
m3
kg
m3
kg
..................
m3
kg

m3
kg

m3
kg
m3
kg
m3..............
kg

4410.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

Free1/

20%

40%

40%

40%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4411

4411.12
4411.12.10

00

4411.12.20

00

4411.12.30

00

4411.12.60

00

4411.12.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-21

2

Fiberboard of wood or other ligneous materials, whether or not
bonded with resins or other organic substances:

Medium density fiberboard (MDF):

Of a thickness not exceeding 5 mm:

Not mechanically worked or surface covered.......

Other:

Tongued, grooved or rabbetted continuously
along any of its edges and dedicated for use
in the construction of walls, ceilings or other
parts of buildings:

Laminated boards bonded in whole or in
part, or impregnated, with synthetic
resins............................................................

m3..............

Free1/

30%

kg..............
m3

1.9¢/kg + 1.5%1/

33¢/kg + 25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other.............................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other:

Not surface covered (except for oil
treatment).....................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other.............................................................

..................

3.9%1/

20%

30%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

90

Standard wood molding.......................

Other......................................................

m3
m3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
44-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4411 (con.)

4411.13

4411.13.20

00

4411.13.30

00

4411.13.60

00

4411.13.90

Fiberboard of wood or other ligneous materials, whether or not
bonded with resins or other organic substances: (con.)

Medium density fiberboard (MDF): (con.)

Of a thickness exceeding 5 mm but not exceeding 9
mm:

4411.13.10

00

Not mechanically worked or surface covered.......

Other:

Tongued, grooved or rabbetted continuously
along any of its edges and dedicated for use
in the construction of walls, ceilings or other
parts of buildings:

Laminated boards bonded in whole or in
part, or impregnated, with synthetic
resins............................................................

m3..............

Free1/

30%

kg..............
m3

1.9¢/kg + 1.5%1/

33¢/kg + 25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other.............................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other:

Not surface covered (except for oil
treatment).....................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other.............................................................

..................

3.9%1/

20%

30%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

90

Standard wood molding.......................

Other......................................................

m3
m3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4411 (con.)

4411.14
4411.14.10

00

4411.14.20

00

4411.14.30

00

4411.14.60

00

4411.14.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-23

2

Fiberboard of wood or other ligneous materials, whether or not
bonded with resins or other organic substances: (con.)

Medium density fiberboard (MDF): (con.)
Of a thickness exceeding 9 mm:

Not mechanically worked or surface covered.......

Other:

Tongued, grooved or rabbetted continuously
along any of its edges and dedicated for use
in the construction of walls, ceilings or other
parts of buildings:

Laminated boards bonded in whole or in
part, or impregnated, with synthetic
resins............................................................

m3..............

Free1/

30%2/

kg..............
m3

1.9¢/kg + 1.5%1/

33¢/kg + 25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other.............................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other:

Not surface covered (except for oil
treatment).....................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other.............................................................

..................

3.9%1/

20%

30%2/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

90

Standard wood molding.......................

Other......................................................

m3
m3

IX
44-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4411 (con.)

4411.92
4411.92.10

00

4411.92.20

00

4411.92.30

00

4411.93.20

00

4411.93.30

00

4411.93.60

00

4411.93.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fiberboard of wood or other ligneous materials, whether or not
bonded with resins or other organic substances: (con.)

Other:

Of a density exceeding 0.8 g/cm3 :

Not mechanically worked or surface covered.......

m3..............

Free1/

Other:

Not surface covered (except for oil
treatment)...........................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other:

Tileboard which has been continuously
worked along any of its edges and is
dedicated for use in the construction of
walls, ceilings or other parts of
buildings.......................................................

4411.92.40

00

Other.............................................................

4411.93

Of a density exceeding 0.5 g/cm3 but not exceeding
0.8 g/cm3 :

4411.93.10

00

Not mechanically worked or surface covered.......

m3..............

Free1/

m3..............
m3..............

Free1/
6%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%2/

30%

20%

45%

30%

Other:

Tongued, grooved or rabbetted continuously
along any of its edges and dedicated for use
in the construction of walls, ceilings or other
parts of buildings:

Laminated boards bonded in whole or in
part, or impregnated, with synthetic
resins............................................................

kg..............
m3

1.9¢/kg + 1.5%1/

33¢/kg + 25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other.............................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other:

Not surface covered (except for oil
treatment).....................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other.............................................................

..................

3.9%1/

20%

30%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

90

Standard wood molding.......................

Other......................................................

m3
m3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4411 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Fiberboard of wood or other ligneous materials, whether or not
bonded with resins or other organic substances: (con.)

Other: (con.)

4411.94.00

Of a density not exceeding 0.5 g/cm3...........................

..................

Free1/

20%

IX
44-25

2

Of a density exceeding 0.35 g/cm3 but not
exceeding 0.5 g/cm3:

Not mechanically worked or surface covered:
Impregnated with bitumen.........................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Impregnated with bitumen.........................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Not mechanically worked or surface covered:
Impregnated with bitumen.........................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Impregnated with bitumen.........................

Other.............................................................

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

m3
m3

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood:

Of bamboo:

Plywood............................................................................

m3..............

8%1/

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

00

4412
4412.10
4412.10.05

4412.10.90

00

Other.................................................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4412 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)
Other plywood consisting solely of sheets of wood (other
than bamboo), each ply not exceeding 6 mm in thickness:

4412.31

With at least one outer ply of tropical wood:

..................

Free1/

50%

4412.31.06

4412.31.26

20

40

60

10

20

4412.31.42

00

4412.31.45

00

Not surface covered, or surface covered with a
clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the face
ply:

With a face ply of birch (Betula spp.)...............
Panels not exceeding in any dimension 3.6
mm in thickness, 1.2 m in width and 2.2 m
in length........................................................

Other:

Not surface covered.............................

Other......................................................

With a face ply of Spanish cedar (Cedrela
spp.) or walnut (Juglans spp)...........................

m3

m3
m3

..................

8%1/

With a face ply of Spanish cedar (Cedrela
spp.)..............................................................

With a face ply of walnut (Juglans spp.)....

m3
m3

Other:

With at least one outer ply of the following
tropical woods: Dark Red Meranti, Light
Red Meranti, White Lauan, Sipo, Limba,
Okoumé, Obeche, Acajou d'Afrique,
Sapelli, Virola, Mahogany, Palissandre de
Para, Palissandre de Rio or Palissandre
de Rose:

With a face ply of mahogany
(Swietenia spp. or Khaya spp.)...........

m3..............

8%1/

Panels not exceeding 3.6 mm in
thickness and exceeding 1.2 m in
width and 2.2 m in length.....................

m3..............

8%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4412 (con.)

4412.31
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-27

2

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)
Other plywood consisting solely of sheets of wood (other
than bamboo), each ply not exceeding 6 mm in thickness:
(con.)

With at least one outer ply of tropical wood: (con.)

Not surface covered, or surface covered with a
clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the face
ply: (con.)

Other: (con.)

With at least one outer ply of the following
tropical woods: Dark Red Meranti, Light
Red Meranti, White Lauan, Sipo, Limba,
Okoumé, Obeche, Acajou d'Afrique,
Sapelli, Virola, Mahogany, Palissandre de
Para, Palissandre de Rio or Palissandre
de Rose: (con.)

4412.31.48

Other......................................................

..................

8%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50

60

63

66

69

75

80

Panels not exceeding 3.6 mm in
thickness and not exceeding 1.2
m in width and 2.2 m in length......

m3

Other:

Not surface covered:

Dark Red Meranti, Light
Red Meranti or White
Lauan (Luan) (Shorea
spp.)...................................

Limba (Terminalia spp.),
also known as Terminalia
and Nargusta....................

Virola (Virola spp.)...........

Other.................................

Other:

Wood flooring...................

Other.................................

m3

m3
m3
m3

m3
m3

IX
44-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4412 (con.)

4412.31
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)
Other plywood consisting solely of sheets of wood (other
than bamboo), each ply not exceeding 6 mm in thickness:
(con.)

With at least one outer ply of tropical wood: (con.)

Not surface covered, or surface covered with a
clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the face
ply: (con.)

Other: (con.)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4412.31.52

Other.............................................................

..................

8%1/

25

35

55

60

62

64

66

68

70
75

Wood flooring........................................

m3

Other:

With a face ply of sen (Kalopanax
spp.)................................................

m3

Other:

Panels not exceeding in any
dimension 3.6 mm in
thickness, 1.2 m in width and
2.2 m in length.........................

m3

Other:

Not surface covered:

Albizia (Albizia spp.),
also known as
Falcata, Batai and
Suar wood..................

Bintangor
(Calophyllum spp.).....

Mersawa (Anisoptera
spp.)............................

Parica (Schizolobium
spp.), also known as
Pinho Cuiabano,
Firetree and
Guapuruvu.................

Pencil cedar, Nyatoh
(Palaquium spp.).......

Other...........................
Other.................................

m3

m3

m3

m3

m3

m3
m3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4412 (con.)

4412.31
(con.)

4412.31.61

00

4412.33

4412.33.06

4412.33.26

20

40

65

70

25

30

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)
Other plywood consisting solely of sheets of wood (other
than bamboo), each ply not exceeding 6 mm in thickness:
(con.)

With at least one outer ply of tropical wood: (con.)

Other:

With at least one outer ply of the following
tropical woods: Dark Red Meranti, Light Red
Meranti, White Lauan, Sipo, Limba, Okoumé,
Obeche, Acajou d'Afrique, Sapelli, Virola,
Mahogany, Palissandre de Para, Palissandre
de Rio or Palissandre de Rose.........................

m3..............

8%1/

4412.31.92

00

Other...................................................................

m3..............

8%1/

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other, with at least one outer ply of nonconiferous
wood of the species alder (Alnus spp.), ash (Fraxinus
spp.), beech (Fagus spp.), birch (Betula spp.), cherry
(Prunus spp.), chestnut (Castanea spp.), elm (Ulmus
spp.), eucalyptus (Eucalyptus spp.), hickory (Carya
spp.), horse chestnut (Aesculus spp.), lime (Tilia spp.),
maple (Acer spp.), oak (Quercus spp.), plane tree
(Platanus spp.), poplar and aspen (Populus spp.),
robinia (Robinia spp.), tulipwood (Liriodendron spp.)
or walnut (Juglans spp.):

Not surface covered, or surface covered with a
clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the face
ply:

With a face ply of birch (Betula spp.)...............
Panels not exceeding in any dimension 3.6
mm in thickness, 1.2 m in width and 2.2 m
in length........................................................

Other:

Not surface covered.............................

Other:

Wood flooring.................................

Other...............................................
With a face ply of walnut (Juglans spp.).........

Wood flooring..............................................

Other.............................................................

m3
m3

m3

m3

m3
m3
..................

5.1%1/

..................

Free1/

50%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IX
44-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4412 (con.)

4412.33
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)
Other plywood consisting solely of sheets of wood (other
than bamboo), each ply not exceeding 6 mm in thickness:
(con.)

Other, with at least one outer ply of nonconiferous
wood of the species alder (Alnus spp.), ash (Fraxinus
spp.), beech (Fagus spp.), birch (Betula spp.), cherry
(Prunus spp.), chestnut (Castanea spp.), elm (Ulmus
spp.), eucalyptus (Eucalyptus spp.), hickory (Carya
spp.), horse chestnut (Aesculus spp.), lime (Tilia spp.),
maple (Acer spp.), oak (Quercus spp.), plane tree
(Platanus spp.), poplar and aspen (Populus spp.),
robinia (Robinia spp.), tulipwood (Liriodendron spp.)
or walnut (Juglans spp.): (con.)

Not surface covered, or surface covered with a
clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the face
ply: (con.)

4412.33.32

Other...................................................................

..................

8%1/

25

35

55

65

75

85
00

4412.33.57

Wood flooring..............................................

Other:

With a face ply of sen (Kalopanax
spp.).......................................................

With a face ply of mahogany
(Swietenia spp. or Khaya spp.)...........

Other:

Panels not exceeding in any
dimension 3.6 mm in thickness,
1.2 m in width and 2.2 m in
length..............................................

Other:

Not surface covered...............

Other........................................
Other..........................................................................

m3

m3

m3

m3

m3
m3
m3..............

8%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4412 (con.)

4412.34

4412.34.26

00

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)
Other plywood consisting solely of sheets of wood (other
than bamboo), each ply not exceeding 6 mm in thickness:
(con.)

Other, with at least one outer ply of nonconiferous
wood not specified under subheading 4412.33:

Not surface covered, or surface covered with a
clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the face
ply:

With a face ply of Spanish cedar (Cedrela
spp.)....................................................................

m3..............

5.1%1/

4412.34.32

Other...................................................................

..................

8%1/

25

35

55

65

75

85
00

4412.34.57

Wood flooring..............................................

Other:

With a face ply of sen (Kalopanax
spp.).......................................................

With a face ply of mahogany
(Swietenia spp. or Khaya spp.)...........

Other:

Panels not exceeding in any
dimension 3.6 mm in thickness,
1.2 m in width and 2.2 m in
length..............................................

Other:

Not surface covered...............

Other........................................
Other..........................................................................

m3

m3

m3

m3

m3
m3
m3..............

8%1/

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IX
44-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4412 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)
Other plywood consisting solely of sheets of wood (other
than bamboo), each ply not exceeding 6 mm in thickness:
(con.)

4412.39

Other, with both outer plies of coniferous wood:

4412.39.10

00

4412.39.30

00

Not surface covered, or surface covered with a
clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the face
ply:

With a face ply of Parana pine (Araucaria
angustifolia)........................................................

m3..............

Free1/

With a face ply of European red pine (Pinus
silvestris) ............................................................

m3..............

3.4%1/

4412.39.40

Other...................................................................

..................

8%1/

40%

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11

12

19

31

32

39

51

52

59

61

62

69

With at least one outer ply of Douglas fir
(Pseudotsuga menziesii):

Rough, or touch sanded for sizing
purposes, but not further
processed..............................................

Fully sanded on at least one face, but
not further processed...........................

Other......................................................
With at least one outer ply of long leaf pine
(Pinus palustris), short leaf pine (Pinus
echinata), southern yellow pine (loblolly
pine)(Pinus taeda), slash pine (Pinus
elliotti), pitch pine (Pinus rigida) or Virginia
pine (Pinus virginiana):

Rough, or touch sanded for sizing
purposes, but not further
processed..............................................

Fully sanded on at least one face, but
not further processed...........................

Other......................................................
With at least one outer ply of Agathis spp.:
Rough, or touch sanded for sizing
purposes, but not further
processed..............................................

Fully sanded on at least one face, but
not further processed...........................

Other......................................................

Other:

Rough, or touch sanded for sizing
purposes, but not further
processed..............................................

Fully sanded on at least one face, but
not further processed...........................

Other......................................................

m3

m3
m3

m3

m3
m3

m3

m3
m3

m3

m3
m3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4412 (con.)

4412.39
(con.)
4412.39.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-33

2

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)
Other plywood consisting solely of sheets of wood (other
than bamboo), each ply not exceeding 6 mm in thickness:
(con.)

Other, with both outer plies of coniferous wood: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.1%1/

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

30

50

With at least one outer ply of Douglas fir
(Pseudotsuga menziesii) .................................

m3

With at least one outer ply of long leaf pine
(Pinus palustris), short leaf pine (Pinus
echinata), southern yellow pine (loblolly pine)
(Pinus taeda), slash pine (Pinus elliotti), pitch
pine (Pinus rigida) or Virginia pine (Pinus
virginiana) ..........................................................

Other...................................................................

m3
m3

Laminated veneered lumber (LVL):

4412.41.00

00

With at least one outer ply of tropical wood..................

4412.42.00

00

Other, with at least one outer ply of nonconiferous
wood.................................................................................

4412.49.00

00

Other, with both outer plies of coniferous wood...........

4412.51

With at least one outer ply of tropical wood:

Blockboard, laminboard and battenboard:

m3..............

Free1/

m3..............
m3..............

Free1/
Free1/

Plywood:

Not surface covered, or surface covered with
a clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the
face ply:

With a face ply of birch (Betula spp.)........
Not surface covered.............................

Other......................................................

Free1/

..................
m3
m3

4412.51.10

30

50

40%

40%

40%

50%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

4412 (con.)

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)

4412.51
(con.)

Blockboard, laminboard and battenboard: (con.)

With at least one outer ply of tropical wood: (con.)

Plywood: (con.)

Not surface covered, or surface covered with
a clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the
face ply: (con.)

4412.51.31

Other.............................................................

..................

8%1/

05

11

21

41

61

75

Wood flooring........................................

Other:

With a face ply of Spanish cedar
(Cedrela spp.) ...............................

With a face ply of walnut (Juglans
spp.) ...............................................

With a face ply of mahogany
(Swietenia spp. or Khaya spp.).....

Other:

Not surface covered...............

Other........................................

4412.51.41

00

Other...................................................................

m2
m3

m2
m3

m2
m3

m2
m3

m2
m3
m2
m3
m3..............

8%1/

4412.51.51

00

Other..........................................................................

m3..............

Free1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

4412 (con.)

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)

IX
44-35

2

4412.52

4412.52.10

4412.52.31

30

50

05

21

61

75

Blockboard, laminboard and battenboard: (con.)

Other, with at least one outer ply of nonconiferous
wood:

Plywood:

Not surface covered, or surface covered with
a clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the
face ply:

With a face ply of birch (Betula spp.)........
Not surface covered.............................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

..................
m3
m3
..................

Free1/

8%1/

Wood flooring........................................

Other:

With a face ply of walnut (Juglans
spp.) ...............................................

m2
m3

m2
m3

Other:

Not surface covered...............

Other........................................

m2
m3
m2
m3
m3..............

8%1/

4412.52.41

00

Other...................................................................

4412.52.51

00

Other..........................................................................

m3..............

Free1/

50%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

4412 (con.)

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)

4412.59

Other, with both outer plies of coniferous wood:

Blockboard, laminboard and battenboard: (con.)

Plywood:

Not surface covered, or surface covered with
a clear or transparent material which does not
obscure the grain, texture or markings of the
face ply:

With a face ply of Parana pine (Araucaria
angustifolia).................................................

m3..............

Free1/

With a face ply of European red pine
(Pinus silvestris) .........................................

m3..............

3.4%1/

4412.59.60

00

4412.59.70

00

4412.59.80

00

Other.............................................................

m3..............

8%1/

4412.59.90

00

Other...................................................................

m3..............

5.1%1/

4412.59.95

00

Other..........................................................................

m3..............

Free1/

Other:

4412.91
4412.91.06

00

With at least one outer ply of tropical wood:

Containing at least one layer of particle board......

m3..............

Free1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

4412 (con.)

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)

IX
44-37

2

4412.91
(con.)

4412.91.10

4412.91.31

4412.91.41

4412.91.51

20

30

40

10

20

30

40

50

60

70
00

05

15

Other: (con.)

With at least one outer ply of tropical wood: (con.)

Other:

Plywood:

Not surface covered, or surface covered
with a clear or transparent material which
does not obscure the grain, texture or
markings of the face ply:

With a face ply of birch (Betula
spp.).......................................................
Panels not exceeding in any
dimension 3.6 mm in thickness,
1.2 m in width and 2.2 m in
length..............................................

..................

Free1/

50%

m3

Other:

Not surface covered...............

Other........................................
Other......................................................

m3
m3
..................

8%1/

With a face ply of Spanish cedar
(Cedrela spp.) ...............................

With a face ply of walnut (Juglans
spp.) ...............................................

With a face ply of sen (Kalopanax
spp.) ...............................................

With a face ply of mahogany
(Swietenia spp. or Khaya spp.).....

m3

m3

m3

m3

Other:

Panels not exceeding in any
dimension 3.6 mm in
thickness, 1.2 m in width, and
2.2 m in length.........................

Other, not surface covered.....

Other........................................
Other.............................................................

m3
m3
m3
m3..............

8%1/

Other...................................................................
Wood flooring..............................................

Other.............................................................

Free1/

..................
m3
m3

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

4412 (con.)

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)

Other: (con.)

4412.92

Other, with at least one outer ply of nonconiferous
wood:

4412.92.07

00

Containing at least one layer of particle board......

m3..............

Free1/

40%

Other:

Plywood:

Not surface covered, or surface covered
with a clear or transparent material which
does not obscure the grain, texture or
markings of the face ply:

With a face ply of birch (Betula
spp.).......................................................
Panels not exceeding in any
dimension 3.6 mm in thickness,
1.2 m in width and 2.2 m in
length..............................................

..................

Free1/

50%

m3

Other:

Not surface covered...............

Other........................................
Other......................................................

m3
m3
..................

8%1/

With a face ply of walnut (Juglans
spp.) ...............................................

m3

Other:

Panels not exceeding in any
dimension 3.6 mm in
thickness, 1.2 m in width, and
2.2 m in length.........................

Other, not surface covered.....

Other........................................
Other.............................................................

m3
m3
m3
m3..............

8%1/

Other...................................................................
Wood flooring..............................................

Other.............................................................

Free1/

..................
m3
m3

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

4412.92.11

4412.92.31

4412.92.42

4412.92.52

20

30

40

20

50

60

70
00

05

15

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

4412 (con.)

Plywood, veneered panels and similar laminated wood: (con.)

Other: (con.)

4412.99
4412.99.58

00

Other, with both outer plies of coniferous wood:

Containing at least one layer of particle board......

m3..............

Free1/

Other:

Plywood:

Not surface covered, or surface covered
with a clear or transparent material which
does not obscure the grain, texture or
markings of the face ply:

With a face ply of Parana pine
(Araucaria angustifolia).......................

m3..............

Free1/

With a face ply of European red pine
(Pinus silvestris) ..................................

m3..............

3.4%1/

4412.99.61

00

4412.99.71

00

4412.99.81

00

Other......................................................

m3..............

8%1/

4412.99.91

00

Other.............................................................

m3..............

5.1%1/

4412.99.97

00

Other...................................................................

m3..............

Free1/

4413.00.00

00

Densified wood, in blocks, plates, strips or profile shapes......

kg..............

3.7%1/

4414

Wooden frames for paintings, photographs, mirrors or similar
objects:

4414.10.00

00

Of tropical wood.....................................................................

No.............

3.9%3/

4414.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

3.9%3/

IX
44-39

2

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%2/

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
44-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4415

4415.10

4415.10.30

00

4415.10.60

00

Packing cases, boxes, crates, drums and similar packings, of
wood; cable-drums, of wood; pallets, box-pallets and other
load boards, of wood; pallet collars of wood:

Cases, boxes, crates, drums and similar packings;
cable-drums:

Packing boxes and cases with solid sides, lids and
bottoms.............................................................................

Containers designed for use in the harvesting of fruits
and vegetables................................................................

No.............

Free1/

No.............

Free1/

4415.10.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

10.7%1/

4415.20
4415.20.40

00

Pallets, box-pallets and other load boards; pallet collars:
Containers designed for use in the harvesting of fruits
and vegetables................................................................

No.............

Free1/

4415.20.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

10.7%1/

4416.00

4416.00.30

4416.00.60

4416.00.90

10

20

30

10

20

30

40

50

20

40

Casks, barrels, vats, tubs and other coopers' products and
parts thereof, of wood, including staves:

Casks, barrels and hogsheads.............................................
New...................................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Used:

Assembled (set up)..................................................

No.

Unassembled (knocked down)...............................
Staves and hoops; tight barrelheads of softwood..............

No.
..................

Free1/

New:

Staves........................................................................

No.

Hoops.........................................................................

No.

Tight barrelheads.....................................................

No.

Used:

Staves........................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
..................

3.2%1/

New...................................................................................

Used..................................................................................

kg

kg

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15%

Free

33 1/3%2/

Free

33 1/3%

15%

Free

33 1/3%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4417.00

4417.00.20

00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Tools, tool bodies, tool handles, broom or brush bodies and
handles, of wood; boot or shoe lasts and trees, of wood:

Broom and mop handles, 1.9 cm or more in diameter and
97 cm or more in length.........................................................

No.............

Free3/

4417.00.40

00

Paint brush and paint roller handles....................................

kg..............

4417.00.60

00

Brush backs............................................................................

No.............

4417.00.80

Other........................................................................................

..................

Free3/

Free1/

5.1%1/

10

90

Tool handles....................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

4418

Builders' joinery and carpentry of wood, including cellular wood
panels and assembled flooring panels; shingles and shakes:

Windows, French-windows and their frames:

4418.11.00

00

Of tropical wood..............................................................

No.............

3.2%1/

4418.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3.2%1/

4418.21
4418.21.40

00

Doors and their frames and thresholds:

Of tropical wood:

French doors.............................................................

No.............

4.8%1/

4418.21.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.8%1/

30

60

00

30

60
00

4418.29
4418.29.40

4418.29.80

4418.30.01

Flush doors.........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

French doors.............................................................

No.............

4.8%1/

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.8%1/

Flush doors.........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Posts and beams other than products of subheadings
4418.81 to 4418.89................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

IX
44-41

2

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

33 1/3%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

33 1/3%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4418 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Builders' joinery and carpentry of wood, including cellular wood
panels and assembled flooring panels; shingles and shakes:
(con.)

4418.40.00

00

Formwork (shuttering) for concrete constructional work....

kg..............

3.2%1/

33 1/3%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4418.50.00

Shingles and shakes..............................................................

..................

Free1/

Free

10

30

50

Shingles:

Of western red cedar...............................................

Other..........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

square
kg

square
kg
square
kg

4418.73

Assembled flooring panels:

Of bamboo or with at least the top layer (wear layer)
of bamboo:

For mosaic floors:

4418.73.10

00

Solid....................................................................

4418.73.20

00

Other:

Having a face ply more than 6 mm in
thickness......................................................

4418.73.30

00

Other.............................................................

m2..............

Free1/

m2..............
m2..............

Free1/
8%1/

4418.73.40

00

Having a face ply more than 6 mm in
thickness.............................................................

m2..............

3.2%1/

Other, multilayer:

4418.73.60

00

4418.73.70

00

Of unidirectional bamboo...........................

Other.............................................................

Other:

m2..............
m2..............

Free1/
5%1/

4418.73.90

00

Other..........................................................................

m2..............

3.2%1/

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-43

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4418 (con.)

4418.74
4418.74.10

00

4418.74.20

00

Builders' joinery and carpentry of wood, including cellular wood
panels and assembled flooring panels; shingles and shakes:
(con.)

Assembled flooring panels: (con.)
Other, for mosaic floors:

Solid...........................................................................

Other:

Having a face ply more than 6 mm in
thickness.............................................................

m2..............

Free1/

m2..............
m2..............

Free1/
8%1/

4418.74.90

00

Other...................................................................

4418.75
4418.75.40

00

Other, multilayer:

Having a face ply more than 6 mm in thickness....

m2..............

3.2%1/

4418.75.70

00

Other..........................................................................

m2..............

5%1/

4418.79.01

00

Other.................................................................................

m2..............

3.2%1/

4418.81.00

00

Glue-laminated timber (glulam).....................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

Engineered structural timber products:

4418.82.00

00

Cross-laminated timber (CLT or X-lam).......................

kg..............

3.2%1/

4418.83.00

00

I-beams.............................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

4418.89.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

33 1/3%2/

33 1/3%

40%

33 1/3%

40%

33 1/3%

33 1/3%2/

33 1/3%2/

33 1/3%2/

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
44-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4418 (con.)

4418.91
4418.91.10

00

4418.91.91

05

10

20

40

50

95
00

4418.92.00

Builders' joinery and carpentry of wood, including cellular wood
panels and assembled flooring panels; shingles and shakes:
(con.)

Other:

Of bamboo:

Drilled or notched lumber studs..............................

m3..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.2%1/

Wood flooring.....................................................

Other:

Arches, laminated.......................................

Roof trusses.................................................

Other fabricated structural wood
members......................................................

Prefabricated partitions and panels for
buildings.......................................................

m2
m3

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Cellular wood panels.......................................................

kg
kg..............

3.2%1/

4418.99
4418.99.10

00

4418.99.91

Other:

Drilled or notched lumber studs..............................

m3..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.2%1/

05

10

20

40

50

95

Wood flooring.....................................................

Other:

Arches, laminated.......................................

Roof trusses.................................................

Other fabricated structural wood
members......................................................

Prefabricated partitions and panels for
buildings.......................................................

Other.............................................................

m2
m3

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

$1.70/m3

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.70/m3

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

4419

Tableware and kitchenware, of wood:

Of bamboo:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-45

2

4419.11.00

00

Bread boards, chopping boards and similar boards....

No.............

3.2%

4419.12.00

00

Chopsticks.......................................................................

kg..............

3.2%

4419.19
4419.19.10

00

Other:

Forks and spoons.....................................................

kg..............

5.3%

4419.19.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.2%

4419.20
4419.20.10

00

Of tropical wood:

Forks and spoons............................................................

kg..............

5.3%

4419.20.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.2%3/

4419.90
4419.90.11

00

Other:

Forks and spoons............................................................

kg..............

5.3%

4419.90.91

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.2%3/

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

33 1/3%2/

33 1/3%

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IX
44-46

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4420

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wood marquetry and inlaid wood; caskets and cases for
jewelry or cutlery and similar articles, of wood; statuettes and
other ornaments, of wood; wooden articles of furniture not
falling within chapter 94:

Statuettes and other ornaments:

4420.11.00

Of tropical wood..............................................................

..................

3.2%

10

30

90
00

4420.19.00

Of mango wood (Mangifera spp.)....................

No.

Of teak (Tectona spp.)......................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

3.2%

4420.90

Other:

Jewelry boxes, silverware chests, cigar and cigarette
boxes, microscope cases, tool or utensil cases and
similar boxes, cases and chests, all the foregoing of
wood:

4420.90.20

00

Cigar and cigarette boxes........................................

No.............

4420.90.45

00

Not lined with textile fabrics..............................

No.............

Other:

Free3/

4.3%1/

4420.90.65

00

Lined with textile fabrics....................................

4420.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............
No.
No.............

Free1/

3.2%1/

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

33 1/3%2/

11¢/kg +
20%2/
33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-47

2

4421
4421.10.00

Other articles of wood:

00

Clothes hangers.....................................................................

hundreds...

3.2%

4421.20
4421.20.10

00

Coffins:

Of bamboo.......................................................................

No.............

3.3%1/

4421.20.20

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3.3%1/

4421.91

4421.91.10

00

4421.91.20

00

4421.91.30

00

Other:

Of bamboo:

Wood dowel pins:

Plain.....................................................................

m ...............

Free1/

Sanded, grooved or otherwise advanced in
condition..............................................................

m ...............

4.9%1/

Wood blinds, shutters, screens and shades, all the
foregoing with or without their hardware:

Consisting of wooden frames in the center of
which are fixed louver boards or slats, with or
without their hardware.......................................

No.............

10.7%

4421.91.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

5.1%3/

Toothpicks, skewers, candy sticks, ice cream
sticks, tongue depressors, drink mixers and similar
small wares:

4421.91.50

00

4421.91.60

00

Toothpicks..........................................................

kg..............

Free

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.1%3/

4421.91.70

20

40

Pickets, palings, posts and rails, the foregoing
which are sawn; assembled fence sections..........
Assembled fence sections................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other...................................................................

No.

33 1/3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%2/

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5%

33 1/3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

33 1/3%

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-48

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

4421 (con.)

Other articles of wood: (con.)

4421.91
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Of bamboo: (con.)

Clothespins:

4421.91.80

Spring-type.........................................................

..................

6.5¢/gross

24

27

30

33
00

4421.91.85

Valued not over 80¢/gross.........................

gross

Valued over 80¢ but not over
$1.35/gross..................................................

gross

Valued over $1.35 but not over
$1.70/gross..................................................

gross

Valued over $1.70/gross............................
Other...................................................................

gross
gross.........

4.8%

4421.91.88

00

Canoe paddles..........................................................

No.............

Free

4421.91.93

00

4421.91.94

00

4421.91.98

Other:

Theatrical, ballet, and operatic scenery and
properties, including sets .................................

Edge-glued lumber............................................

kg..............

m3..............

Other...................................................................

..................

Free1/
Free1/

3.3%1/

20

70

80

Pencil slats...................................................

gross

Gates for confining children or pets..........

No.

Other.............................................................

kg

20¢/gross

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

33 1/3%

10%2/

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

4421 (con.)

Other articles of wood: (con.)

4421.99

Other: (con.)
Other:

Wood dowel pins:

Plain:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

IX
44-49

2

4421.99.10

00

4421.99.15
4421.99.20

00
00

4421.99.30

00

Coniferous....................................................

m ...............

Other.............................................................

m ...............

Free1/

Free1/

Sanded, grooved or otherwise advanced in
condition..............................................................

m ...............

4.9%1/

Wood blinds, shutters, screens and shades, all the
foregoing with or without their hardware:

Consisting of wooden frames in the center of
which are fixed louver boards or slats, with or
without their hardware.......................................

No.............

10.7%3/

4421.99.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

5.1%

Toothpicks, skewers, candy sticks, ice cream
sticks, tongue depressors, drink mixers and similar
small wares:

4421.99.50

00

4421.99.60

00

Toothpicks..........................................................

kg..............

Free

Other...................................................................

kg..............

5.1%

4421.99.70

4421.99.80

4421.99.85

20

40

24

27

30

33
00

Pickets, palings, posts and rails, the foregoing
which are sawn; assembled fence sections..........
Assembled fence sections................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other...................................................................

No.

Clothespins:

Spring-type.........................................................

..................

6.5¢/gross

Valued not over 80¢/gross.........................

gross

Valued over 80¢ but not over
$1.35/gross..................................................

gross

Valued over $1.35 but not over
$1.70/gross..................................................

gross

Valued over $1.70/gross............................
Other...................................................................

gross
gross.........

4.8%

4421.99.88

00

Canoe paddles..........................................................

No.............

Free3/

5%2/

5%

33 1/3%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

33 1/3%2/

Free2/

20¢/gross

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
44-50

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

4421 (con.)

Other articles of wood: (con.)

4421.99
(con.)

4421.99.93

00

4421.99.94

00

4421.99.98

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Theatrical, ballet, and operatic scenery and
properties, including sets .................................

Edge-glued lumber............................................

kg..............

m3..............

Other...................................................................

..................

Free1/
Free1/

3.3%1/

20

70

80

Pencil slats...................................................

gross

Gates for confining children or pets..........

No.

Other.............................................................

kg

33 1/3%2/
10%2/

33 1/3%2/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
Endnotes--page 44 - 51

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 45

CORK AND ARTICLES OF CORK

IX
45-1

Note

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Footwear or parts of footwear of chapter 64;

(b) Headgear or parts of headgear of chapter 65; or

(c) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games, sports equipment).

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of subheading 4504.10.20, the term "compressed cork" means forms molded under heat and compression
from cork particles without the addition of other materials.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
45-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4501

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Natural cork, raw or simply prepared; waste cork; crushed,
granulated or ground cork:

4501.10.00

00

Natural cork, raw or simply prepared..................................

kg..............

4501.90
4501.90.20

00

Other:

Waste cork.......................................................................

kg..............

4501.90.40

00

Crushed, granulated or ground cork.............................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4502.00.00

00

Natural cork, debacked or roughly squared, or in rectangular
(including square) blocks, plates, sheets or strip (including
sharp-edged blanks for corks or stoppers)................................

kg..............

Free1/

4503
4503.10

Articles of natural cork:

Corks and stoppers:

Tapered and of a thickness (or length) greater than
the maximum diameter:

4503.10.20

00

With maximum diameter not over 19 mm..............

kg..............

Free1/

4503.10.30

00

4503.10.40
4503.10.60
4503.90
4503.90.20

00
00

00

4503.90.40

00

Other:

Wholly of cork, of a thickness (or length)
greater than the maximum diameter................

kg..............

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Other:

Disks, wafers and washers............................................

kg..............

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Wallcoverings, backed with paper or otherwise
reinforced.........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4503.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

14%1/

4504

4504.10

4504.10.10

00

4504.10.20

00

Agglomerated cork (with or without a binding substance) and
articles of agglomerated cork:

Blocks, plates, sheets and strip; tiles of any shape; solid
cylinders, including disks:

Vulcanized sheets and slabs wholly of ground or
pulverized cork and rubber............................................

Insulation, coated or not coated, of compressed
cork...................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

m3..............
kg

Free1/

4504.10.30

00

Floor coverings................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4504.10.40

00

Wallcoverings, backed with paper or otherwise
reinforced.........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4504.10.45

00

Corks, stoppers, disks, wafers and washers:

Stoppers, not tapered, wholly of cork, of a
thickness (or length) greater than the maximum
diameter.....................................................................

4504.10.47
4504.10.50
4504.90.00

00
00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............
kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
Free1/
Free1/

Free

Free

6.6¢/kg

22¢/kg

68¢/kg

55¢/kg

55¢/kg
55¢/kg

55¢/kg

3.3¢/kg + 20%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free

22¢/kg

3.3¢/kg + 20%

55¢/kg

55¢/kg
45%
45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
Endnotes--page 45 - 3

1/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 46

MANUFACTURES OF STRAW, OF ESPARTO OR
OF OTHER PLAITING MATERIALS; BASKETWARE
AND WICKERWORK

Notes

1.

In this chapter the expression "plaiting materials" means materials in a state or form suitable for plaiting, interlacing or similar
processes; it includes straw, osier or willow, bamboos, rattans, rushes, reeds, strips of wood, strips of other vegetable material
(for example, strips of bark, narrow leaves and raffia or other strips obtained from broad leaves), unspun natural textile fibers,
monofilament and strip and the like of plastics and strips of paper, but not strips of leather or composition leather or of felt or
nonwovens, human hair, horsehair, textile rovings or yarns, or monofilament and strip and the like of chapter 54.

IX
46-1

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Wall coverings of heading 4814;

(b) Twine, cordage, ropes or cables, plaited or not (heading 5607);

(c) Footwear or headgear or parts thereof of chapter 64 or 65;

(d) Vehicles or bodies for vehicles of basketware (chapter 87); or

(e) Articles of chapter 94 (for example, furniture, luminaires and lighting fittings).

3.

For the purposes of heading 4601, the expression "plaiting materials, plaits and similar products of plaiting materials, bound
together in parallel strands" means plaiting materials, plaits and similar products of plaiting materials, placed side by side and
bound together, in the form of sheets, whether or not the binding materials are of spun textile materials.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
46-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4601

4601.21
4601.21.40

00

Plaits and similar products of plaiting materials, whether or not
assembled into strips; plaiting materials, plaits and similar
products of plaiting materials, bound together in parallel strands
or woven, in sheet form, whether or not being finished articles
(for example, mats, matting, screens):

Mats, matting and screens of vegetable materials:

Of bamboo:

Woven or partly assembled.....................................

kg..............

3.3%1/

Other:

4601.21.80

00

4601.21.90

00

Floor coverings...................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

8%1/

4601.22
4601.22.40

00

Of rattan:

Woven or partly assembled.....................................

kg..............

3.3%1/

Other:

4601.22.80

00

4601.22.90

00

Floor coverings...................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

8%1/

4601.29

Other:

Woven or partly assembled:

4601.29.40

00

Of willow.............................................................

kg..............

3.3%1/

4601.29.60

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

Other:

4601.29.80

00

4601.29.90

00

Floor coverings...................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

8%1/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

50%

45%

45%

40%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
46-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4601 (con.)

4601.92
4601.92.05

00

Plaits and similar products of plaiting materials, whether or not
assembled into strips; plaiting materials, plaits and similar
products of plaiting materials, bound together in parallel strands
or woven, in sheet form, whether or not being finished articles
(for example, mats, matting, screens): (con.)

Other:

Of bamboo:

Plaits and similar products of plaiting materials,
whether or not assembled into strips.....................

kg..............

2.7%1/

4601.92.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.6%1/

4601.93
4601.93.01

00

4601.93.05

00

Of rattan:

Webbing....................................................................

Plaits and similar products of plaiting materials,
whether or not assembled into strips.....................

m2..............

Free1/

kg..............

2.7%1/

4601.93.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.6%1/

4601.94
4601.94.05

00

Of other vegetable materials:

Plaits and similar products of plaiting materials,
whether or not assembled into strips.....................

kg..............

2.7%1/

4601.94.20

00

Of willow or wood...............................................

kg..............

6.6%1/

Other:

4601.94.40
4601.99
4601.99.05

00

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Plaits and similar products of plaiting materials,
whether or not assembled into strips.....................

kg..............

2.7%1/

4601.99.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.3%1/

80%

45%

20%

80%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

25%

80%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IX
46-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4602

4602.11
4602.11.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Basketwork, wickerwork and other articles, made directly to
shape from plaiting materials or made up from articles of
heading 4601; articles of loofah:
Of vegetable materials:

Of bamboo:

Fishing baskets or creels.........................................

No.............

5%1/

4602.11.07

00

4602.11.09

00

Other baskets and bags, whether or not lined:

Wickerwork.........................................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free1/

10%1/

4602.11.21

00

Luggage, handbags and flatgoods, whether or not
lined............................................................................

No.............

6.2%1/

Other:

4602.11.35

00

4602.11.45

00

Wickerwork.........................................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free1/

6.6%1/

45%

50%

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

50%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

5.2% (E)

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
46-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4602 (con.)

4602.12
4602.12.05

00

Basketwork, wickerwork and other articles, made directly to
shape from plaiting materials or made up from articles of
heading 4601; articles of loofah: (con.)
Of vegetable materials: (con.)

Of rattan:

Fishing baskets or creels.........................................

No.............

5%1/

4602.12.14

00

4602.12.16

00

Other baskets and bags, whether or not lined:

Wickerwork.........................................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free1/

5%1/

4602.12.23

00

Luggage, handbags and flatgoods, whether or not
lined:

Articles of a kind normally carried in the pocket
or in the handbag...............................................

No.............

9%1/

4602.12.25

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

18%1/

Other:

4602.12.35

00

4602.12.45

00

Wickerwork.........................................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free1/

6.6%1/

45%

50%

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

50%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

15.5% (E)

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

IX
46-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4602 (con.)

4602.19
4602.19.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Basketwork, wickerwork and other articles, made directly to
shape from plaiting materials or made up from articles of
heading 4601; articles of loofah: (con.)
Of vegetable materials: (con.)

Other:

Fishing baskets or creels.........................................

No.............

5%1/

4602.19.12

00

Of willow.............................................................

No.............

5.8%1/

Other baskets and bags, whether or not lined:

4602.19.14

00

4602.19.16

00

Wickerwork..................................................

No.............

Other.............................................................

No.............

Of palm leaf:

4602.19.17

00

4602.19.18

00

Wickerwork..................................................

No.............

Other.............................................................

No.............

Other:

Free1/

5%1/

Free1/

4.5%1/

4602.19.22

00

Of willow.............................................................

No.............

5.8%1/

Luggage, handbags and flatgoods, whether or not
lined:

4602.19.23

00

Of palm leaf:

Articles of a kind normally carried in the
pocket or in the handbag............................

No.............

9%1/

4602.19.25

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

18%1/

4602.19.29

Other...................................................................

..................

5.3%1/

20

40

Handbags....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

50%

50%

50%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

50%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

4.6% (E)

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

50%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

15.5% (E)
Free (AU, BH, CL,

50%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

4.2% (E)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IX
46-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4602 (con.)

4602.19
(con.)

4602.19.35

00

4602.19.45

00

Basketwork, wickerwork and other articles, made directly to
shape from plaiting materials or made up from articles of
heading 4601; articles of loofah: (con.)
Of vegetable materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Of willow or wood:

Wickerwork..................................................

No.............

Other.............................................................

No.............

4602.19.60

00

4602.19.80

00

Wickerwork..................................................

No.............

Other.............................................................

No.............

Other:

4602.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

Free1/

6.6%1/

Free1/

2.3%1/

45%

45%

25%

25%

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

IX
Endnotes--page 46 - 8
1/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION X

PULP OF WOOD OR OF OTHER FIBROUS CELLULOSIC MATERIAL;
RECOVERED (WASTE AND SCRAP) PAPER OR PAPERBOARD;
PAPER AND PAPERBOARD AND ARTICLES THEREOF

U.S. Note

X-1

1.

If any country, dependency, province or other subdivision of government shall forbid or restrict in any way the exportation of
(whether by law, order, regulation, contractual relation or otherwise, directly or indirectly), or impose any export duty, export
license fee or other export charge of any kind whatsoever (whether in the form of additional charge or license fee or otherwise)
upon printing paper, or woodpulp or wood for use in the manufacture of woodpulp, the President may enter into negotiations
with such country, dependency, province or other subdivision of government to secure the removal of such prohibition, restriction,
export duty or other export charge, and if it is not removed he may, by proclamation, declare such failure of negotiations, setting
forth the facts.

Thereupon, and until such prohibition, restriction, export duty or other export charge is removed, there shall be imposed upon
printing paper (other than cover paper, India paper and bible paper) provided for in subheadings 4802.54, 4802.55, 4802.56,
4802.57, 4802.58, 4802.61, 4802.62, and 4802.69, when imported either directly or indirectly from such country, dependency,
province or other subdivision of government, an additional duty of 10 percent ad valorem and in addition thereto an amount equal
to the highest export duty or other export charge imposed by such country, dependency, province or other subdivision of government,
upon either an equal amount of printing paper or an amount of woodpulp or wood for use in the manufacture of woodpulp necessary
to manufacture such printing paper.

X-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 47

PULP OF WOOD OR OF OTHER FIBROUS CELLULOSIC MATERIAL;
RECOVERED (WASTE AND SCRAP) PAPER OR PAPERBOARD

Note

1.

For the purposes of heading 4702, the expression "chemical wood pulp, dissolving grades" means chemical woodpulp having
by weight an insoluble fraction of 92 percent or more for soda or sulfate woodpulp or of 88 percent or more for sulfite woodpulp
after one hour in a caustic soda solution containing 18 percent sodium hydroxide (NaOH) at 20°C, and for sulfite woodpulp an
ash content that does not exceed 0.15 percent by weight.

X
47-1

X
47-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

4701.00.00

00

Mechanical woodpulp...................................................................

t adw.........

4702.00.00

20

40

Chemical woodpulp, dissolving grades......................................
Sulfite.......................................................................................

..................
t adw

Sulfate or soda.......................................................................

t adw

4703

Chemical woodpulp, soda or sulfate, other than dissolving
grades:

Unbleached:

4703.11.00

00

Coniferous........................................................................

t adw.........

4703.19.00

00

Nonconiferous..................................................................

t adw.........

Semibleached or bleached:

4703.21.00

4703.29.00

20

40

20

40

Coniferous........................................................................
Semibleached...........................................................

..................
t adw

Bleached....................................................................
Nonconiferous..................................................................
Semibleached...........................................................

t adw
..................
t adw

Bleached....................................................................

t adw

4704

Chemical woodpulp, sulfite, other than dissolving grades:

Unbleached:

4704.11.00

00

Coniferous........................................................................

t adw.........

4704.19.00

00

Nonconiferous..................................................................

t adw.........

Semibleached or bleached:

4704.21.00

00

Coniferous........................................................................

t adw.........

4704.29.00

00

Nonconiferous..................................................................

t adw.........

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4705.00.00

00

Wood pulp obtained by a combination of mechanical and
chemical pulping processes........................................................

t adw.........

Free1/

4706

Pulps of fibers derived from recovered (waste and scrap) paper
or paperboard or of other fibrous cellulosic material:

4706.10.00

00

Cotton linters pulp..................................................................

t adw.........

Free1/

4706.20.00

00

Pulps of fibers derived from recovered (waste and scrap)
paper or paperboard..............................................................

t adw.........

Free1/

4706.30.00

00

Other, of bamboo...................................................................

t adw.........

Other:

4706.91.00

00

Mechanical.......................................................................

t adw.........

4706.92.01

00

Chemical..........................................................................

t adw.........

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4706.93.01

00

Obtained by a combination of mechanical and chemical
processes.........................................................................

t adw.........

Free1/

4707
4707.10.00

00

Recovered (waste and scrap) paper and paperboard:

Unbleached kraft paper or paperboard or corrugated paper
or paperboard.........................................................................

t .................

Free1/

4707.20.00

4707.30.00

4707.90.00

20

40

20

40
00

Other paper or paperboard, made mainly of bleached
chemical pulp, not colored in the mass...............................
High-grade deinking paper and paperboard................

..................
t

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Paper or paperboard made mainly of mechanical pulp (for
example, newspapers, journals and similar printed
matter).....................................................................................
Newsprint.........................................................................

t

..................
t

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Other, including unsorted waste and scrap........................

t
t .................

Free1/

2

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

X
Endnotes--page 47 - 3

1/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 48

PAPER AND PAPERBOARD; ARTICLES OF PAPER PULP,
OF PAPER OR OF PAPERBOARD

Notes

1.

For the purposes of this chapter, except where the context otherwise requires, a reference to "paper" includes references to
paperboard (irrespective of thickness or weight per m2).

X
48-1

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Articles of chapter 30;

(b) Stamping foils of heading 3212;

(c) Perfumed papers or papers impregnated or coated with cosmetics (chapter 33);

(d) Paper or cellulose wadding impregnated, coated or covered with soap or detergent (heading 3401), or with polishes, creams

or similar preparations (heading 3405);

(e) Sensitized paper or paperboard of headings 3701 to 3704;

(f) Paper impregnated with diagnostic or laboratory reagents (heading 3822);

(g) Paper-reinforced stratified sheeting of plastics, or one layer of paper or paperboard coated or covered with a layer of plastics,

the latter constituting more than half the total thickness, or articles of such materials, other than wallcoverings of heading
4814 (chapter 39);

(h) Articles of heading 4202 (for example, travel goods);

(ij) Articles of chapter 46 (manufactures of plaiting material);

(k) Paper yarn or textile articles of paper yarn (section XI);

(l) Articles of chapter 64 or chapter 65;

(m) Abrasive paper or paperboard (heading 6805) or paper- or paperboard-backed mica (heading 6814) (paper and paperboard

coated with mica powder are, however, to be classified in this chapter);

(n) Metal foil backed with paper or paperboard (generally section XIV or XV);

(o) Articles of heading 9209;

(p) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games, sports requisites); or

(q) Articles of chapter 96 (for example, buttons, sanitary pads (towels) and tampons, diapers (napkins) and diaper liners).

3. Subject to the provisions of note 7, headings 4801 to 4805 include paper and paperboard which have been subjected to

calendering, super-calendering, glazing or similar finishing, false water-marking or surface sizing, and also paper, paperboard,
cellulose wadding and webs of cellulose fibers, colored or marbled throughout the mass by any method. Except where heading
4803 otherwise requires, these headings do not apply to paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding or webs of cellulose fibers which
have been otherwise processed.

4.

In this chapter, the expression "newsprint" means uncoated paper of a kind used for the printing of newspapers, of which not
less than 50 percent by weight of the total fiber content consists of wood fibers obtained by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical
process, unsized or very lightly sized, having a surface roughness Parker Print Surf (1 MPa) on each side exceeding 2.5
micrometers (microns), weighing not less than 40 g/m2 and not more than 65 g/m2, and applies only to paper: (a) in strips or rolls
of a width exceeding 28 cm; or (b) in rectangular (including square) sheets with one side exceeding 28 cm and the other side
exceeding 15 cm in the unfolded state.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

X
48-2
Notes (con.)

5.

For the purposes of heading 4802, the expressions "paper and paperboard, of a kind used for writing, printing or other graphic
purposes" and "nonperforated punch-cards and punch tape paper" mean paper and paperboard made mainly from bleached
pulp or from pulp obtained by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical process and satisfying any of the following criteria:

(A) For paper or paperboard weighing not more than 150 g/m2:

(a) Containing 10% or more of fibers obtained by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical process, and

1. weighing not more than 80 g/m2, or

2.

colored throughout the mass; or

(b) Containing more than 8 percent ash, and

1. weighing not more than 80 g/m2, or

2.

colored throughout the mass; or

(c) Containing more than 3 percent ash and having a brightness of 60 percent or more; or

(d) Containing more than 3 percent but not more than 8 percent ash, having a brightness less than 60 percent and a burst

index equal to or less than 2.5 kPa·m2/g; or

(e) Containing 3 percent ash or less, having a brightness of 60 percent or more and a burst index equal to or less than 2.5

kPa·m2/g.

(B) For paper or paperboard weighing more than 150 g/m2:

(a) Colored throughout the mass; or

(b) Having a brightness of 60 percent or more, and

1.

2.

a caliper of 225 micrometers (microns) or less, or

a caliper of more than 225 micrometers (microns) but not more than 508 micrometers (microns) and an ash content
of more than 3 percent; or

(c) Having a brightness of less than 60 percent, a caliper of 254 micrometers (microns) or less and an ash content of more

than 8 percent.

Heading 4802 does not, however, cover filter paper or paperboard (including teabag paper) or felt paper or paperboard.

6.

In this chapter "kraft paper and paperboard" means paper and paperboard of which not less than 80 percent by weight of the
total fiber content consists of fibers obtained by the chemical sulfate or soda processes.

7. Except where the terms of the headings otherwise require, paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding and webs of cellulose fibers

answering to a description in two or more of the headings 4801 to 4811 are to be classified under that one of such headings
which occurs last in numerical order in the tariff schedule.

8. Headings 4803 to 4809 apply only to paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding and webs of cellulose fibers:

(a)

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 36 cm; or

(b)

In rectangular (including square) sheets with one side exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding 15 cm in the unfolded
state.

9.

For the purposes of heading 4814, the expression "wallpaper and similar wall coverings" applies only to:

(a) Paper in rolls, of a width of not less than 45 cm and not more than 160 cm, suitable for wall or ceiling decoration:

(i) Grained, embossed, surface-colored, design-printed or otherwise surface-decorated (for example, with textile flock),

whether or not coated or covered with transparent protective plastics;

(ii) With an uneven surface resulting from the incorporation of particles of wood, straw, etc.;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

X
48-3

Notes (con.)

(iii) Coated or covered on the face side with plastics, the layer of plastics being grained, embossed, colored, design-printed

or otherwise decorated; or

(iv) Covered on the face side with plaiting material, whether or not bound together in parallel strands or woven;

(b) Borders and friezes of paper, treated as above, whether or not in rolls, suitable for wall or ceiling decoration;

(c) Wall coverings of paper made up of several panels, in rolls or sheets, printed so as to make up a scene, design or motif

when applied to a wall.

Products on a base of paper or paperboard, suitable for use both as floor coverings and as wall coverings, are to be classified
in heading 4823.

10. Heading 4820 does not cover loose sheets or cards, cut to size, whether or not printed, embossed or perforated.

11. Heading 4823 applies, inter alia, to perforated paper or paperboard cards for Jacquard or similar machines and paper lace.

12. Except for the articles of heading 4814 or 4821, paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding and articles thereof, printed with motifs,
characters or pictorial representations, which are not merely subsidiary to the primary use of the goods, fall in chapter 49.

Subheading Notes

1.

For the purposes of subheading 4804.11 and 4804.19, "kraftliner" means machine-finished or machine-glazed paper and
paperboard, of which not less than 80 percent by weight of the total fiber content consists of wood fibers obtained by the chemical
sulfate or soda processes, in rolls, weighing more than 115 g/m2 and having a minimum Mullen bursting strength, as indicated
in the following table, or the linearly interpolated or extrapolated equivalent for any other weight:

Weight
(g/m2)
115
125
200
300
400

Minimum Mullen bursting strength
(kPa)
393
417
637
824
961

2.

For the purposes of subheadings 4804.21 and 4804.29, "sack kraft paper" means machine-finished paper, of which not less
than 80 percent by weight of the total fiber content consists of fibers obtained by the chemical sulfate or soda processes, in rolls,
weighing not less than 60 g/m2 but not more than 115 g/m2 and meeting one of the following sets of specifications:

(a) Having a Mullen burst index of not less than 3.7 kPa·m2/g and a stretch factor of more than 4.5 percent in the cross direction

and of more than 2 percent in the machine direction.

(b) Having minima for tear and tensile as indicated in the following table, or the linearly interpolated equivalent for any other

weight:

Weight

(grams per square
meter)

Minimum tear

Minimum tensile

Machine direction

Machine direction plus
cross direction

Cross direction

Machine direction plus
cross direction

(millinewtons)

(kilonewtons per meter)

60

70

80

100

115

700

830

965

1,230

1,425

1,510

1,790

2,070

2,635

3,060

1.9

2.3

2.8

3.7

4.4

6

7.2

8.3

10.6

12.3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

X
48-4
Subheading Notes (con.)

3.

For the purposes of subheading 4805.11, "semichemical fluting paper" means paper, in rolls, of which not less than 65 percent
by weight of the total fiber content consists of unbleached hardwood fibers obtained by a combination of mechanical and chemical
pulping processes, and having a CMT 30 (Corrugated Medium Test with 30 minutes of conditioning) crush resistance exceeding
1.8 newtons/g/m2 at 50 percent relative humidity, at 23°C.

4. Subheading 4805.12 covers paper, in rolls, made mainly of straw pulp obtained by a combination of mechanical and chemical
pulping processes, weighing 130 g/m2 or more, and having a CMT 30 (Corrugated Medium Test with 30 minutes of conditioning)
crush resistance exceeding 1.4 newtons/g/m2 at 50 percent relative humidity, at 23°C.

5. Subheading 4805.24 and 4805.25 cover paper and paperboard made wholly or mainly of pulp recovered (waste and scrap)
paper or paperboard. Testliner may also have a surface layer of dyed paper or of paper made of bleached or unbleached
non-recovered pulp. These products have a Mullen burst index of not less than 2 kPa·m2/g.

6.

7.

For the purposes of subheading 4805.30, "sulfite wrapping paper" means machine-glazed paper, of which more than 40 percent
by weight of the total fiber content consists of wood fibers obtained by the chemical sulfite process, having an ash content not
exceeding 8 percent and having a Mullen burst index of not less than 1.47 kPa·m2/g.

For the purposes of subheading 4810.22, "light-weight coated paper" means paper, coated on both sides, of a total weight not
exceeding 72 g/m2, with a coating weight not exceeding 15 g/m2 per side, on a base of which not less than 50 percent by weight
of the total fiber content consists of wood fibers obtained by a mechanical process.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of this chapter the provisions for cellulose wadding and webs of cellulose fibers cover only products obtained
from the pulp of chapter 47.

2. Samples used in determining the weight of paper or paperboard classifiable in this chapter according to weight shall be conditioned

in an atmosphere at 50 percent ( + 2 percent) relative humidity and at a temperature of 23°C( + 2°C).

Statistical Notes

1.

The term "standard newsprint paper" covers printing papers of heading 4801 which conform to the following specifications:

Weight: Not less than 46.3 g/m2 nor more than 57 g/m2.

Size: Rolls not less than 33 cm wide and not less than 71 cm in diameter; sheets not less than 51 cm by 76 cm.

Thickness: Not more than 0.11 mm.

Sizing: Time of transudation of water shall be not more than 10 seconds by the ground glass method.

Ash Content: Not more than 6.5 percent.

Color and Finish: White; or tinted shades of pink, peach or green in rolls; not more than 50 percent gloss when tested with the
Ingersoll glarimeter.

2.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 4823.90.8620, shoe coverings (booties) must be 50 percent or more by weight
of cellulose/paper. This provision does not include disposable shoe coverings (booties) of non-woven textile fibers classified in
heading 6307.

Heading/
Subheading

4801.00.01

Stat.
Suf-
fix

20

40

4802

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Newsprint, in rolls or sheets........................................................
Standard newsprint paper.....................................................

..................
t

Free1/

X
48-5

2

Free

Other........................................................................................

t

Uncoated paper and paperboard, of a kind used for writing,
printing or other graphic purposes, and non perforated
punch-cards and punch tape paper, in rolls or rectangular
(including square) sheets, of any size, other than paper of
heading 4801 or 4803; hand-made paper and paperboard:

4802.10.00

00

Handmade paper and paperboard......................................

kg..............

Free1/

17.5%

m²..............

Free1/

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

4802.20

4802.20.10

00

Paper and paperboard of a kind used as a base for
photo-sensitive, heat-sensitive or electro-sensitive paper
or paperboard:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding 15 cm
in the unfolded state........................................................

Other:

4802.20.20

00

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography..............................................................

4802.20.40

4802.40.00

20

40
00

Other..........................................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or more
cotton fiber..........................................................

Other...................................................................
Wallpaper base (hanging paper)..........................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Other paper and paperboard, not containing fibers obtained
by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical process or of which
not more than 10 percent by weight of the total fiber content
consists of such fibers:

4802.54

Weighing less than 40 g/m²:

4802.54.10

00

4802.54.20

00

4802.54.31

00

4802.54.50

00

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state:

Writing paper......................................................

kg..............

India and bible paper.........................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.......................................................

kg..............
m2

Free1/

4802.54.61

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

20%

5%2/

30%

10%

28%

18%

11.5%

5%

30%

X
48-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4802 (con.)

4802.55

4802.55.10

00

4802.55.20

00

4802.55.30

00

4802.55.40

00

4802.55.60

00

4802.55.70

20

40

4802.56

4802.56.10

00

4802.56.20

00

4802.56.30

00

4802.56.40

00

4802.56.60

00

4802.56.70

20

50

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Uncoated paper and paperboard, of a kind used for writing,
printing or other graphic purposes, and non perforated
punch-cards and punch tape paper, in rolls or rectangular
(including square) sheets, of any size, other than paper of
heading 4801 or 4803; hand-made paper and paperboard:
(con.)

Other paper and paperboard, not containing fibers obtained
by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical process or of which
not more than 10 percent by weight of the total fiber content
consists of such fibers: (con.)

Weighing 40 g/m² or more but not more than 150 g/m²,
in rolls:

Of a width exceeding 15 cm:

Writing and cover paper....................................

kg..............

Drawing paper....................................................

kg..............

India and bible paper.........................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.......................................................

Other...................................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or more
cotton fiber...................................................

Other.............................................................
Weighing 40 g/m² or more but not more than 150 g/m²,
in sheets with one side not exceeding 435 mm and the
other side not exceeding 297 mm in the unfolded state:
With one side exceeding 360 mm and the other
side exceeding 150 mm in the unfolded state:

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

Writing and cover paper....................................

kg..............

Drawing paper....................................................

kg..............

India and bible paper.........................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.......................................................

Other...................................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or more
cotton fiber...................................................

Other:

Writing and cover paper......................

Other......................................................

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

28%

15.5%

18%

11.5%

5%

30%

28%

15.5%

18%

11.5%

5%

30%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

X
48-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4802 (con.)

4802.57

4802.57.10

4802.57.20

40

85
00

Uncoated paper and paperboard, of a kind used for writing,
printing or other graphic purposes, and non perforated
punch-cards and punch tape paper, in rolls or rectangular
(including square) sheets, of any size, other than paper of
heading 4801 or 4803; hand-made paper and paperboard:
(con.)

Other paper and paperboard, not containing fibers obtained
by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical process or of which
not more than 10 percent by weight of the total fiber content
consists of such fibers: (con.)

Other, weighing 40 g/m² or more but not more than
150 g/m²:

Writing and cover paper..........................................
With one side equal to 965 mm and the other
side equal to 635 mm in the unfolded state.....

..................

Free1/

kg

Other...................................................................
Drawing paper..........................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4802.57.30

00

India and bible paper...............................................

kg..............

4802.57.40

40

85

Other..........................................................................
With one side equal to 965 mm and the other
side equal to 635 mm in the unfolded state.....

Other...................................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

4802.58

Weighing more than 150 g/m²:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state:

4802.58.10

00

Writing and cover paper....................................

kg..............

4802.58.20

20

40

80

4802.58.50

00

4802.58.60

20

40

Other...................................................................
Drawing paper.............................................

..................
kg

Bristols..........................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.......................................................

Other...................................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or more
cotton fiber...................................................

Other.............................................................

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

28%

15.5%

18%

11.5%

30%

24.5%

5%

30%

X
48-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4802 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Uncoated paper and paperboard, of a kind used for writing,
printing or other graphic purposes, and non perforated
punch-cards and punch tape paper, in rolls or rectangular
(including square) sheets, of any size, other than paper of
heading 4801 or 4803; hand-made paper and paperboard:
(con.)

Other paper and paperboard, of which more than
10 percent by weight of the total fiber content consists of
fibers obtained by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical
process:

4802.61

In rolls:

4802.61.10

00

4802.61.20

00

4802.61.31

10

35

91

4802.61.50

00

4802.61.60

20

40

4802.62

4802.62.10

00

4802.62.20

00

4802.62.30

00

4802.62.50

00

4802.62.61

4802.69
4802.69.10

20

40

00

Of a width exceeding 15 cm:

Writing and cover paper....................................

kg..............

Drawing paper....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Weighing less than 40 g/m2.......................

Other:

Supercalendered..................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.......................................................

Other...................................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or more
cotton fiber...................................................

Other.............................................................
In sheets with one side not exceeding 435 mm and the
other side not exceeding 297 mm in the unfolded state:
With one side exceeding 360 mm and the other
side exceeding 150 mm in the unfolded state:

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

Writing and cover paper....................................

kg..............

Drawing paper....................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.......................................................

Other...................................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or more
cotton fiber...................................................

Other.............................................................

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

Other:

Writing and cover paper..........................................

kg..............

4802.69.20

00

Drawing paper..........................................................

kg..............

4802.69.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

28%

15.5%

11.5%

5%

30%

28%

15.5%

11.5%

5%

30%

28%

15.5%

11.5%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4803.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

X
48-9

Toilet or facial tissue stock, towel or napkin stock and similar
paper of a kind used for household or sanitary purposes,
cellulose wadding and webs of cellulose fibers, whether or not
creped, crinkled, embossed, perforated, surface-colored,
surface decorated or printed, in rolls or sheets:

4803.00.20

00

Cellulose wadding..................................................................

kg..............

4803.00.40

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

4804

Uncoated kraft paper and paperboard, in rolls or sheets, other
than that of heading 4802 or 4803:

Kraftliner:

4804.11.00

00

Unbleached......................................................................

kg..............

4804.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4804.21.00

00

Unbleached......................................................................

kg..............

Sack kraft paper:

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4804.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................
Other kraft paper and paperboard weighing 150 g/m² or
less:

kg..............

Free1/

4804.31

Unbleached:

Condenser paper:

4804.31.10

00

Weighing over 15 g/m² but not over 30 g/m²...

kg..............

4804.31.20
4804.31.40

4804.31.60
4804.39
4804.39.20

4804.39.40

4804.39.60

00

20

40
00

00

20

41

49

20

40

Other...................................................................
Wrapping paper........................................................
Bag or sack paper.............................................

kg..............
..................
kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

Other:

Condenser paper......................................................

kg..............

Wrapping paper........................................................
Bag or sack paper.............................................

..................
kg

Other:

Tissue paper having a basis weight not
exceeding 29 g/m², in sheets.....................

kg

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Base stock for trays, dishes, plates, cups and
the like.................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg
..................

Free1/

kg

kg

24%

36%

20%

20%2/

30%2/

30%

20.5%

25%
30%

30%

25%

30%

30%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

X
48-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4804 (con.)

4804.41
4804.41.20

4804.41.40
4804.42.00

4804.49.00

00

00

10

20

30

40

50
00

Uncoated kraft paper and paperboard, in rolls or sheets, other
than that of heading 4802 or 4803: (con.)

Other kraft paper and paperboard weighing more than
150 g/m² but less than 225 g/m²:

Unbleached:

Wrapping paper........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Bleached uniformly throughout the mass and of which
more than 95 percent by weight of the total fiber
content consists of wood fibers obtained by a chemical
process.............................................................................
Base stock for milk cartons and other beverage
containers..................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

Other:

Folding carton stock..........................................

kg

Base stock for trays, dishes, plates, cups and
the like.................................................................

kg

Other:

Base stock for packaging...........................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................
Other kraft paper and paperboard weighing 225 g/m² or
more:

kg
kg..............

Free1/

4804.51.00

00

Unbleached......................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4804.52.00

10

20

30

40

50
00

4804.59.00

Bleached uniformly throughout the mass and of which
more than 95 percent by weight of the total fiber
content consists of wood fibers obtained by a chemical
process.............................................................................
Base stock for milk cartons and other beverage
containers..................................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

Other:

Folding carton stock..........................................

kg

Base stock for trays, dishes, plates, cups and
the like.................................................................

kg

Other:

Base stock for packaging...........................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4805

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Other uncoated paper and paperboard, in rolls or sheets, not
further worked or processed than as specified in note 3 to this
chapter:

Fluting paper:

4805.11.00

00

Semichemical fluting paper............................................

kg..............

4805.12
4805.12.10

4805.12.20
4805.19
4805.19.10

00

00

00

Straw fluting paper:

Weighing 150 g/m² or less.......................................

kg..............

Weighing over 150 g/m²..........................................

kg..............

Other:

Weighing 150 g/m² or less.......................................

kg..............

4805.19.20

00

Weighing over 150 g/m²..........................................

kg..............

4805.24
4805.24.50

00

Testliner (recycled liner board):
Weighing 150 g/m² or less:

Weighing not over 15 g/m²......................................

kg..............

4805.24.70

00

Weighing over 15 g/m² but not over 30 g/m².........

kg..............

4805.24.90
4805.25.00
4805.30.00

00
00
00

Weighing over 30 g/m².............................................
Weighing more than 150 g/m².......................................
Sulfite wrapping paper..........................................................

kg..............
kg..............
kg..............

4805.40.00

00

Filter paper and paperboard.................................................

kg..............

4805.50.00

00

Felt paper and paperboard...................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

X
48-11

2

30%2/

30%

30%

30%2/

30%2/

30%

11¢/kg + 15%

30%
30%2/
30%

11¢/kg + 15%

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

X
48-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4805 (con.)

4805.91
4805.91.10

10

90
00

4805.91.20

4805.91.50

00

4805.91.70

00

4805.91.90
4805.92
4805.92.20

00

00

4805.92.40

4805.93
4805.93.20

4805.93.40

10

20

30

40

00

10

15

20

30

50

60

Other uncoated paper and paperboard, in rolls or sheets, not
further worked or processed than as specified in note 3 to this
chapter: (con.)
Other:

Weighing 150 g/m² or less:

Multi-ply paper and paperboard; bibulous and
wrapping paper.........................................................
Folding carton board.........................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Condenser paper......................................................

kg
kg..............

Other:

Weighing not over 15 g/m²................................

kg..............

Weighing over 15 g/m² but not over 30 g/m²...

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Weighing over 30 g/m²......................................
Weighing more than 150 g/m² but less than 225 g/m²:
Pressboard................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Folding carton board.........................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Construction paper............................................

kg

Linerboard containing by weight less than 80
percent chemical sulfate wood pulp................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Weighing 225 g/m² or more:

Pressboard................................................................

kg..............

Other..........................................................................
Folding carton board.........................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Free1/

Wet machine board...........................................

Construction paper............................................

Linerboard containing by weight less than 80
percent chemical sulfate wood pulp................

Tube and core board.........................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

4806

Vegetable parchment, greaseproof papers, tracing papers and
glassine and other glazed transparent or translucent papers,
in rolls or sheets:

4806.10.00

00

Vegetable parchment............................................................

kg..............

4806.20.00

00

Greaseproof papers...............................................................

kg..............

4806.30.00

00

Tracing papers.......................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4806.40.00

00

Glassine and other glazed transparent or translucent
papers.....................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

30%

25%

30%

11¢/kg + 15%

30%

30%

30%2/

30%

30%

19%2/

7¢/kg + 15%

7¢/kg + 15%

7¢/kg + 15%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

X
48-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4807.00

4807.00.10

00

Composite paper and paperboard (made by sticking flat layers
of paper or paperboard together with an adhesive), not
surface-coated or impregnated, whether or not internally
reinforced, in rolls or sheets:

Paper and paperboard, laminated internally with bitumen,
tar or asphalt...........................................................................

Other:

kg..............

Free1/

4807.00.91

00

Straw paper and paperboard, whether or not covered
with paper other than straw paper.................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

4807.00.92

00

Cloth-lined or reinforced paper...............................

kg..............

4807.00.94

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

4808

4808.10.00

00

Paper and paperboard, corrugated (with or without glued flat
surface sheets), creped, crinkled, embossed or perforated, in
rolls or sheets, other than paper of the kind described in
heading 4803:

Corrugated paper and paperboard, whether or not
perforated................................................................................

4808.40.00

00

Kraft paper, creped or crinkled, whether or not embossed
or perforated...........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

4808.90
4808.90.20

00

Other:

Creped or crinkled...........................................................

kg..............

4808.90.40

00

Embossed........................................................................

kg..............

4808.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4809

4809.20
4809.20.20

4809.20.40
4809.90
4809.90.20

00

00

00

Carbon paper, self-copy paper and other copying or transfer
papers (including coated or impregnated paper for duplicator
stencils or offset plates), whether or not printed, in rolls or
sheets:

Self-copy paper:

Writing paper...................................................................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Other:

Stereotype-matrix board and mat..................................

kg..............

Decalcomania paper:

4809.90.40

00

Simplex......................................................................

kg..............

4809.90.60

00

Duplex........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

4809.90.71

00

Impregnated, coated or both, but not otherwise
treated........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4809.90.80

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

30%

30%

22.5%

30%

30%

36%

36%

18.5%

35%

35%

25%

35%

15%

Free

25%

20%

X
48-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4810

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Paper and paperboard, coated on one or both sides with kaolin
(China clay) or other inorganic substances, with or without a
binder, and with no other coating, whether or not
surface-colored, surface-decorated or printed, in rolls or
rectangular (including square) sheets, of any size:

Paper and paperboard of a kind used for writing, printing
or other graphic purposes, not containing fibers obtained
by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical process or of which
not more than 10 percent by weight of the total fiber content
consists of such fibers:

4810.13

In rolls:

4810.13.11

20

40

Of a width exceeding 15 cm:

Weighing not more than 150 g/m²:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.................................................
Baryta coated........................................

Other......................................................

4810.13.13

00

India or bible paper.....................................

..................
kg
m²

kg
m²
kg..............

4810.13.19
4810.13.20

00

10

90

Other.............................................................
Weighing more than 150 g/m²..........................
Coated on one side only.............................

kg..............
..................
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

Other:

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

4810.13.50

00

Printed, embossed or perforated.....................

kg..............

Free1/

4810.13.60

00

4810.13.70

20

40

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.................................................

Other.............................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or
more cotton fiber..................................

Other......................................................

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

5%

24%

37%
42%

30%

5%

30%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

X
48-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4810 (con.)

4810.14

4810.14.11

20

40

Paper and paperboard, coated on one or both sides with kaolin
(China clay) or other inorganic substances, with or without a
binder, and with no other coating, whether or not
surface-colored, surface-decorated or printed, in rolls or
rectangular (including square) sheets, of any size: (con.)

Paper and paperboard of a kind used for writing, printing
or other graphic purposes, not containing fibers obtained
by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical process or of which
not more than 10 percent by weight of the total fiber content
consists of such fibers: (con.)

In sheets with one side not exceeding 435 mm and the
other side not exceeding 297 mm in the unfolded state:
With one side exceeding 360 mm and the other
side exceeding 150 mm in the unfolded state:

Weighing not more than 150 g/m²:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.................................................
Baryta coated........................................

Other......................................................

..................
kg
m²

kg
m²
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

4810.14.13

00

India or bible paper.....................................

4810.14.19
4810.14.20

00

10

90

Other.............................................................
Weighing more than 150 g/m²..........................
Coated on one side only.............................

kg..............
..................
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

Other:

4810.14.50

00

Printed, embossed or perforated.....................

kg..............

Free1/

4810.14.60

00

4810.14.70

20

40

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.................................................

Other.............................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or
more cotton fiber..................................

Other......................................................

4810.19

Other:

4810.19.11

00

Weighing not more than 150 g/m²:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.......................................................

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg..............
m²

Free1/

4810.19.13

00

India or bible paper............................................

kg..............

4810.19.19
4810.19.20

00

10

90

Other...................................................................
Weighing more than 150 g/m².................................
Coated on one side only....................................

kg..............
..................
kg

Other...................................................................

kg

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

5%

24%

37%
42%

30%

5%

30%

5%

24%

37%
42%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

X
48-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4810 (con.)

4810.22
4810.22.10

00

4810.22.50

44

80

4810.22.60

00

4810.22.70

4810.29
4810.29.10

20

40

25

35

Paper and paperboard, coated on one or both sides with kaolin
(China clay) or other inorganic substances, with or without a
binder, and with no other coating, whether or not
surface-colored, surface-decorated or printed, in rolls or
rectangular (including square) sheets, of any size: (con.)

Paper and paperboard of a kind used for writing, printing
or other graphic purposes, of which more than 10 percent
by weight of the total fiber content consists of fibers
obtained by a mechanical or chemi-mechanical process:

Light-weight coated paper:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state.....................................

Other:

kg..............

Free1/

Printed, embossed or perforated.....................
Hole-punched looseleaf paper..................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other.............................................................

kg

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.................................................

Other.............................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or
more cotton fiber..................................

Other......................................................

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

Other:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state.....................................
In rolls..................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

In sheets..............................................................

kg

Other:

4810.29.50

00

Printed, embossed or perforated.....................

kg..............

Free1/

4810.29.60

00

4810.29.70

20

25

35

Other:

Basic paper to be sensitized for use in
photography.................................................

Other.............................................................
Containing by weight 25 percent or
more cotton fiber..................................

Other:

In rolls..............................................

In sheets.........................................

kg..............
m²

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

37%

30%

5%

30%

37%

30%

5%

30%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

X
48-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4810 (con.)

4810.31

4810.31.10

20

40

50

80

4810.31.30

00

4810.31.65
4810.32

00

4810.32.10

20

40

60

Paper and paperboard, coated on one or both sides with kaolin
(China clay) or other inorganic substances, with or without a
binder, and with no other coating, whether or not
surface-colored, surface-decorated or printed, in rolls or
rectangular (including square) sheets, of any size: (con.)

Kraft paper and paperboard, other than that of a kind used
for writing, printing or other graphic purposes:

Bleached uniformly throughout the mass and of which
more than 95 percent by weight of the total fiber
content consists of wood fibers obtained by a chemical
process and weighing 150 g/m² or less:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state.....................................
Folding carton stock..........................................

Base stock for trays, dishes, plates, cups and
the like.................................................................

Other:

Gift wrap.......................................................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Cards, not punched, for punchcard machines,
whether or not in strips......................................

Other...................................................................
Bleached uniformly throughout the mass and of which
more than 95 percent by weight of the total fiber
content consists of wood fibers obtained by a chemical
process and weighing more than 150 g/m²:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state.....................................
Folding carton stock..........................................

..................
kg

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

..................
kg

Free1/

Base stock for trays, dishes, plates, cups and
the like.................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

4810.32.30

00

4810.32.65
4810.39

00

Other:

Cards, not punched, for punchcard machines,
whether or not in strips......................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4810.39.12

00

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state:

Whether or not impregnated, but not otherwise
treated.................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4810.39.14

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

4810.39.30

00

Cards, not punched, for punchcard machines,
whether or not in strips......................................

kg..............

Free1/

4810.39.65

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

25%

30%

26.5%

25%

30%

26.5%

25%

20%

30%

26.5%

X
48-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4810 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Paper and paperboard, coated on one or both sides with kaolin
(China clay) or other inorganic substances, with or without a
binder, and with no other coating, whether or not
surface-colored, surface-decorated or printed, in rolls or
rectangular (including square) sheets, of any size: (con.)

Other paper and paperboard:

4810.92

Multi-ply:

4810.92.12

4810.92.14

25

35

25

35

4810.92.30

00

4810.92.65

4810.99
4810.99.10

25

35

10

50

60

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state:

Weighing more than 150 g/m²..........................
In rolls...........................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

In sheets.......................................................
Other...................................................................
In rolls...........................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

In sheets.......................................................

kg

Other:

Cards, not punched, for punch card machines,
whether or not in strips......................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other...................................................................
In rolls...........................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

In sheets.......................................................

kg

Other:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state.....................................
Gift wrap paper..................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Folding Carton....................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

4810.99.30

00

Cards, not punched, for punch card machines,
whether or not in strips......................................

kg..............

Free1/

4810.99.65

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

30%

20%

30%

26.5%

20%

30%

26.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

X
48-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4811

4811.10
4811.10.11

00

Paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding and webs of cellulose
fibers, coated, impregnated, covered, surface-colored,
surface-decorated or printed, in rolls or rectangular (including
square) sheets, of any size, other than goods of the kind
described in heading 4803, 4809 or 4810:

Tarred, bituminized or asphalted paper and paperboard:
In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding 15 cm
in the unfolded state........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4811.10.21

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4811.41
4811.41.10

00

4811.41.21

00

4811.41.30
4811.49
4811.49.10

00

00

Gummed or adhesive paper and paperboard:

Self-adhesive:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state.....................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

In strips or rolls...................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state.....................................

Other:

kg..............

Free1/

4811.49.21

00

4811.49.30

00

In strips or rolls...................................................

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

10%

26.5%

40%

40%

35%

14%

30%

35%

X
48-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4811 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding and webs of cellulose
fibers, coated, impregnated, covered, surface-colored,
surface-decorated or printed, in rolls or rectangular (including
square) sheets, of any size, other than goods of the kind
described in heading 4803, 4809 or 4810: (con.)

Paper and paperboard, coated, impregnated or covered
with plastics (excluding adhesives):

4811.51

Bleached, weighing more than 150 g/m²:

4811.51.20

4811.51.40
4811.51.60
4811.59

10

20

30

40

50
00
00

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state:

0.3 mm or more in thickness............................
Base stock for milk cartons and other
beverage containers...................................

..................

Free1/

kg

Other:

Folding carton stock.............................

kg

Base stock for trays, dishes, plates,
cups and the like..................................

kg

Other:

Base stock for packaging.............

kg

Other...............................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
Free1/

Other:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding
15 cm in the unfolded state:

4811.59.20

00

Printing paper.....................................................

kg..............

4811.59.40

4811.59.60
4811.60

20

40
00

4811.60.40

00

Free1/

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Folding carton stock...................................

..................
kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Paper and paperboard, coated, impregnated or covered
with wax, paraffin, stearin, oil or glycerol:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding 15 cm
in the unfolded state........................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

4811.60.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

30%

42%
35%

37%

25%2/

35%

17.5%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4811 (con.)

4811.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

X
48-21

2

Paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding and webs of cellulose
fibers, coated, impregnated, covered, surface-colored,
surface-decorated or printed, in rolls or rectangular (including
square) sheets, of any size, other than goods of the kind
described in heading 4803, 4809 or 4810: (con.)

Other paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding and webs of
cellulose fibers:

In strips or rolls of a width exceeding 15 cm or in
rectangular (including square) sheets with one side
exceeding 36 cm and the other side exceeding 15 cm
in the unfolded state:

4811.90.10

00

Handmade paper......................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

4811.90.20

00

Wholly or partly covered with flock, gelatin,
metal or metal solutions....................................

kg..............

Free1/

4811.90.30

00

Impregnated with latex...............................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

4811.90.40

4811.90.60

4811.90.80

4811.90.90

10

90

10

90

20

30

50

10

30

35

80

Other:

Weighing not over 15 g/m²..................
Tissue papers, in sheets...............

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...............................................

kg

Weighing over 15 g/m² but not over
30 g/m²..................................................
Tissue papers having a basis
weight not exceeding 29 g/m², in
sheets.............................................

..................

Free1/

kg

Other...............................................
Weighing over 30 g/m²........................
Gift Wrap (other than tissue)........

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Direct thermal coated paper.........

kg

Other...............................................
Other.................................................................................
Tissue papers having a basis weight not exceeding
29 g/m², in sheets.....................................................

Direct thermal coated paper....................................

Paper in sheets, lined or ruled, having a width of
152.4 to 360 mm inclusive and a length of 225.25
to 360 mm inclusive..................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

kg

4812.00.00

00

Filter blocks, slabs and plates, of paper pulp............................

kg..............

Free1/

4813

Cigarette paper, whether or not cut to size or in the form of
booklets or tubes:

4813.10.00

00

In the form of booklets or tubes............................................

kg..............

4813.20.00

00

In rolls of a width not exceeding 5 cm..................................

kg..............

4813.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/3/

Free1/

Free1/

27%

22.5%

25%

30%

20%

18.5%

35%

20%

60%3/

60%

60%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

X
48-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4814

4814.20.00

00

Wallpaper and similar wallcoverings; window transparencies
of paper:

Wallpaper and similar wallcoverings, consisting of paper
coated or covered, on the face side, with a grained,
embossed, colored, design-printed or otherwise decorated
layer of plastics.......................................................................

kg..............

Free4/

4814.90.02

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free4/

4816

Carbon paper, self-copy paper and other copying or transfer
papers (other than those of heading 4809), duplicator stencils
and offset plates, of paper, whether or not put up in boxes:

4816.20.00

00

Self-copy paper......................................................................

kg..............

4816.90.01

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

4817

Envelopes, letter cards, plain postcards and correspondence
cards, of paper or paperboard; boxes, pouches, wallets and
writing compendiums, of paper or paperboard, containing an
assortment of paper stationery:

4817.10.00

00

Envelopes...............................................................................

thousands.

Free1/

4817.20
4817.20.20

00

4817.20.40
4817.30.00

00
00

4818

Letter cards, plain postcards and correspondence cards:
Sheets of writing paper, with border gummed or
perforated, with or without inserts, prepared for use
as combination sheets and envelopes..........................

kg..............

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Boxes, pouches, wallets and writing compendiums, of
paper or paperboard, containing an assortment of paper
stationery.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Toilet paper and similar paper, cellulose wadding or webs of
cellulose fibers, of a kind used for household or sanitary
purposes, in rolls of a width not exceeding 36 cm, or cut to size
or shape; handkerchiefs, cleansing tissues, towels, tablecloths,
table napkins, bed sheets and similar household, sanitary or
hospital articles, articles of apparel and clothing accessories,
of paper pulp, paper, cellulose wadding or webs of cellulose
fibers:

4818.10.00

00

Toilet paper.............................................................................

kg..............

4818.20.00

4818.30.00

4818.50.00

4818.90.00

20

40
00

20

80

20

80

Handkerchiefs, cleansing or facial tissues and towels......
Towels..............................................................................

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................
Tablecloths and table napkins..............................................

kg
kg..............

Articles of apparel and clothing accessories......................
Hospital/medical gowns or scrubs................................

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Face masks......................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free4/

3.3¢/kg + 20%

3.3¢/kg +
20%2/

30%

35%

35%

40%

33%

40%

35%

35%

35%

26.5%

30%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

X
48-23

2

Cartons, boxes, cases, bags and other packing containers, of
paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding or webs of cellulose
fibers; box files, letter trays and similar articles, of paper or
paperboard of a kind used in offices, shops or the like:
Cartons, boxes and cases, of corrugated paper or
paperboard.............................................................................
Sanitary food and beverage containers........................

Other.................................................................................
Folding cartons, boxes and cases, of non-corrugated paper
or paperboard.........................................................................
Sanitary food and beverage containers........................

..................
kg

Free1/

kg

..................
kg

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

kg

Sacks and bags, having a base of a width of 40 cm or
more.........................................................................................
Shipping sacks and multiwall bags, other than grocers'
bags..................................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Other sacks and bags, including cones..............................
Shipping sacks and multiwall bags, other than grocers'
bags..................................................................................

Other.................................................................................

Other packing containers, including record sleeves:

..................

Free1/

kg

kg
..................

Free1/

kg

kg

Sanitary food and beverage containers........................

kg..............

4819.50.30

00

Record sleeves................................................................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................
Fiber drums, cans, tubes and similar containers...

..................
kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4819

4819.10.00

4819.20.00

4819.30.00

4819.40.00

4819.50
4819.50.20

20

40

20

40

20

40

20

40

00

4819.50.40

4819.60.00

20

40

60
00

Other:

Rigid boxes and cartons...................................

Other...................................................................

Box files, letter trays, storage boxes and similar articles,
of a kind used in offices, shops or the like...........................

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

19.3¢/kg

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Registers, account books, notebooks, order books, receipt
books, letter pads, memorandum pads, diaries and similar
articles, exercise books, blotting pads, binders (looseleaf or
other), folders, file covers, manifold business forms, interleaved
carbon sets and other articles of stationery, of paper or
paperboard; albums for samples or for collections and book
covers (including cover boards and book jackets) of paper or
paperboard:

Registers, account books, notebooks, order books, receipt
books, letter pads, memorandum pads, diaries and similar
articles:

Diaries, notebooks and address books, bound;
memorandum pads, letter pads and similar articles....
Diaries and address books......................................

..................
No.

Free1/

25%2/

X
48-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4820

4820.10

4820.10.20

10

20

30

40

60
00
00

20

40
00

4820.10.40
4820.20.00

4820.30.00

4820.40.00

Memorandum pads, letter pads and similar
articles........................................................................

No.

Sewn composition books with dimensions of
152.4-381 mm (6" - 15"), inclusive (small side) X
222.5-381 mm (8.75" -15"), inclusive (large
side)...........................................................................

Other note books with dimensions of
152.4-381 mm (6" - 15"), inclusive (small side) X
222.5-381 mm (8.75" -15"), inclusive (large
side)...........................................................................

No.

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Exercise books.......................................................................

No.
No.............
No.............

Binders (other than book covers), folders and file covers..
Looseleaf binders............................................................

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................
Manifold business forms and interleaved carbon sets......

kg
kg..............

4820.50.00

00

Albums for samples or for collections..................................

No.............

4820.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

4821

4821.10
4821.10.20

4821.10.40
4821.90
4821.90.20

00

00

00

Paper and paperboard labels of all kinds, whether or not
printed:

Printed:

Printed in whole or in part by a lithographic process....

kg..............

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Other:

Self-adhesive...................................................................

kg..............

4821.90.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4822

4822.10.00

00

Bobbins, spools, cops and similar supports of paper pulp,
paper or paperboard (whether or not perforated or hardened):
Of a kind used for winding textile yarn.................................

kg..............

Free1/

4822.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

25%
25%

35%

26.5%

30%

35%

88¢/kg2/

35%

40%

30%

43%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

X
48-25

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4823

4823.20
4823.20.10

4823.20.90
4823.40.00

00

00
00

4823.61.00

4823.69.00

4823.70.00

4823.90
4823.90.10

20

40

20

40

20

40

00

4823.90.60

00

4823.90.67
4823.90.70

00
00

4823.90.80

00

4823.90.86

20

80

Other paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding and webs of
cellulose fibers, cut to size or shape; other articles of paper
pulp, paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding or webs of cellulose
fibers:

Filter paper and paperboard:

Paint filters and strainers................................................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Rolls, sheets and dials, printed for self-recording
apparatus................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Trays, dishes, plates, cups and the like, of paper or
paperboard:

Of bamboo.......................................................................
Cups and round nested food containers................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Cups and round nested food containers................

kg
..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Molded or pressed articles of paper pulp............................
Plates, bowls or cups......................................................

kg
..................
No.

Other.................................................................................

kg

Other:

Of paper pulp...................................................................

kg..............

4823.90.20

00

Of papier-mâché.............................................................

kg..............

Other:

4823.90.31

00

Cards, not punched, for punchcard machines,
whether or not in strips.............................................

kg..............

Free1/

4823.90.40

00

Frames or mounts for photographic slides............

kg..............

4823.90.50

00

Hand fans..................................................................

kg..............
No.

Other:

Of coated paper or paperboard:

Gaskets, washers and other seals............

kg..............

Other.............................................................
Of cellulose wadding.........................................

kg..............
kg..............

Other:

Gaskets, washers and other seals............

kg..............

Other.............................................................
Shoe covers (booties) of a kind
described in statistical note 2 to this
chapter...................................................

Other......................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

35%

30%

35%

35%

35%

30%2/

30%

25%

30%

45%

50%

26.5%

26.5%
19.5%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

X
Endnotes--page 48 - 26
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ Imports under this provision may be subject to Federal Excise Tax (26 U.S.C. 5701).
4/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 49

PRINTED BOOKS, NEWSPAPERS, PICTURES AND OTHER
PRODUCTS OF THE PRINTING INDUSTRY; MANUSCRIPTS,
TYPESCRIPTS AND PLANS

X
49-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Photographic negatives or positives on transparent bases (chapter 37);

(b) Maps, plans or globes, in relief, whether or not printed (heading 9023);

(c) Playing cards or other goods of chapter 95; or

(d) Original engravings, prints or lithographs (heading 9702), postage or revenue stamps, stamp-postmarks, first-day covers,
postal stationery or the like of heading 9704, antiques of an age exceeding one hundred years or other articles of chapter
97.

2.

For the purposes of chapter 49 the term "printed" also means reproduced by means of a duplicating machine, produced under
the control of an automatic data processing machine, embossed, photographed, photocopied, thermocopied or typewritten.

3. Newspapers, journals and periodicals which are bound otherwise than in paper, and sets of newspapers, journals or periodicals
comprising more than one issue under a single cover are to be classified in heading 4901, whether or not containing advertising
material.

4. Heading 4901 also covers:

(a) A collection of printed reproductions of, for example, works of art or drawings, with a relative text, put up with numbered

pages in a form suitable for binding into one or more volumes;

(b) A pictorial supplement accompanying and subsidiary to, a bound volume; and

(c) Printed parts of books or booklets, in the form of assembled or separate sheets or signatures, constituting the whole or a

part of a complete work and designed for binding.

However, printed pictures or illustrations not bearing a text, whether in the form of signatures or separate sheets, fall in heading
4911.

5. Subject to note 3 of this chapter, heading 4901 does not cover publications which are essentially devoted to advertising (for
example, brochures, pamphlets, leaflets, trade catalogs, yearbooks published by trade associations and tourist promotional
literature). Such publications are to be classified in heading 4911.

6.

For the purposes of heading 4903, the expression "children's picture books" means books for children in which the pictures form
the principal interest and the text is subsidiary.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of determining the classification of printed matter produced in whole or in part by a lithographic process, the
thickness of such printed matter is that of the thinnest paper contained therein, except that the thickness of a permanently
mounted lithograph is the combined thickness of the lithograph and its mounting.

2. Currency in current circulation in any country imported for monetary purposes and securities and similar evidences of value

provided for in heading 4907 shall be admitted without formal customs consumption entry or the payment of duty. This does not
affect any requirement under other provisions of law to the effect that transfers of monetary instruments into or through the United
States, in an amount exceeding $10,000 on any one occasion, shall be reported as prescribed therein.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

X
49-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4901

4901.10.00

4901.91.00

4901.99.00

20

40

20

40

10

20

30

40

50

60

65

70

75

91

92

93

Printed books, brochures, leaflets and similar printed matter,
whether or not in single sheets:

In single sheets, whether or not folded................................
Reproduction proofs.......................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

kg

Other:

Dictionaries and encyclopedias, and serial installments
thereof...............................................................................
Dictionaries (including thesauruses)......................

..................
No.

Free1/

Encyclopedias...........................................................
Other.................................................................................
Textbooks..................................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Bound newspapers, journals and periodicals
provided for in Legal Note 3 to this chapter...........

No.

Directories.................................................................

No.

Other:

Bibles, testaments, prayer books and other
religious books...................................................

No.

Technical, scientific and professional books...

No.

Art and pictorial books:

Valued under $5 each................................

No.

Valued $5 or more each.............................

No.

Other:

Hardbound books.......................................

No.

Rack size paperbound books....................

No.

Other:

Containing not more than 4 pages
each (excluding covers)......................

No.

Containing 5 or more pages each, but
not more than 48 pages each
(excluding covers)................................

Containing 49 or more pages each
(excluding covers)................................

No.

No.

4902

Newspapers, journals and periodicals, whether or not illustrated
or containing advertising material:

4902.10.00

00

Appearing at least four times a week...................................

kg..............

Free1/

4902.90
4902.90.10

00

Other:

Newspaper supplements printed by a gravure
process.............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

4902.90.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

20

40

60

Newspapers appearing less than four times per
week...........................................................................

kg

Other business and professional journals and
periodicals (including single issues tied together
for shipping purposes).............................................

Other (including single issues tied together for
shipping purposes)...................................................

No.

No.

4903.00.00

00

Children's picture, drawing or coloring books...........................

No.............

Free

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

25%2/

Free2/

Free2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

X
49-3

Article Description

Music, printed or in manuscript, whether or not bound or
illustrated........................................................................................
Sheet music, whether or not stapled or folded, but not
otherwise bound.....................................................................

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

..................

Free1/

Free2/

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4904.00.00

20

40

4905

4905.20.00

00

4905.90
4905.90.20

00

Other........................................................................................

No.

Maps and hydrographic or similar charts of all kinds, including
atlases, wall maps, topographical plans and globes, printed:
In book form............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Other:

Globes..............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

4905.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4906.00.00

00

4907.00.00

00

Plans and drawings for architectural, engineering, industrial,
commercial, topographical or similar purposes, being originals
drawn by hand; handwritten texts; photographic reproductions
on sensitized paper and carbon copies of the foregoing..........

Unused postage, revenue or similar stamps of current or new
issue in the country in which they have, or will have, a
recognized face value; stamp-impressed paper; banknotes;
check forms; stock, share or bond certificates and similar
documents of title..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

4908
4908.10.00

Transfers (decalcomanias):

00

Transfers (decalcomanias), vitrifiable.................................

kg..............

4908.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

4909.00

Printed or illustrated postcards; printed cards bearing personal
greetings, messages or announcements, whether or not
illustrated, with or without envelopes or trimmings:

4909.00.20

00

Postcards................................................................................

thousands.

Free1/

4909.00.40

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free

4910.00

Calendars of any kind, printed, including calendar blocks:

Printed on paper or paperboard in whole or in part by a
lithographic process:

4910.00.20

00

Not over 0.51 mm in thickness......................................

kg..............

Free

4910.00.40
4910.00.60

00
00

Over 0.51 mm in thickness.............................................
Other........................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
Free1/

Free

35%

Free

25%2/

66¢/kg2/

66¢/kg + 15%

88¢/kg2/

25%2/

45%

66¢/kg2/

19¢/kg
35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

X
49-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

4911

4911.10.00

20

40

60

4911.91
4911.91.10

00

4911.91.15

00

4911.91.20

4911.91.30
4911.91.40

4911.99
4911.99.20

20

40
00

20

40

00

Other printed matter, including printed pictures and
photographs:

Trade advertising material, commercial catalogs and the
like............................................................................................

..................

Free1/

Printed catalogs relating principally to current offers
for the sale of United States products...........................

No.

Printed catalogs, price lists or trade notices, relating
to offers, by a person whose principal place of business
or bonafide residence is in a foreign country, to sell or
rent products of a foreign country or to furnish foreign
or international transportation or commercial insurance
services............................................................................

Tourist and other literature (including posters),
containing geographic, historical, hotel, institutional,
timetable, travel or similar information, principally with
respect to places, travel facilities or educational
opportunities outside the customs territory of the United
States................................................................................

No.

kg

kg

80

Other.................................................................................

Other:

Pictures, designs and photographs:

Printed over 20 years at time of importation..........

kg..............

Free1/

Printed not over 20 years at time of importation:

Suitable for use in the production of articles of
heading 4901.....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Lithographs on paper or paperboard:

Not over 0.51 mm in thickness...........
Posters............................................

..................
kg

Free

Other...............................................
Over 0.51 mm in thickness.................
Other.............................................................
Posters..................................................

kg
kg..............
..................
kg

Free
Free1/

Other......................................................

kg

Free2/

Free2/

Free

66¢/kg

19.3¢/kg
25%2/

Other:

International customs forms (carnets) and parts
thereof, in English or French (whether or not in
additional languages)...............................................

Other:

kg..............

Free1/

Free

4911.99.60

00

Printed on paper in whole or in part by a
lithographic process..........................................

kg..............

Free1/

4911.99.80

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

66¢/kg + 0.4%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

X
Endnotes--page 49 - 5

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XI

TEXTILES AND TEXTILE ARTICLES

XI-1

Notes

1.

This section does not cover:

(a) Animal brush-making bristles or hair (heading 0502); horsehair or horsehair waste (heading 0511);

(b) Human hair or articles of human hair (heading 0501, 6703 or 6704), except filtering or straining cloth of a kind commonly

used in oil presses or the like (heading 5911);

(c) Cotton linters or other vegetable materials of chapter 14;

(d) Asbestos of heading 2524 or articles of asbestos or other products of heading 6812 or 6813;

(e) Articles of heading 3005 or 3006; yarn used to clean between the teeth, in individual retail packages (dental floss), of heading

3306;

(f) Sensitized textiles of headings 3701 to 3704;

(g) Monofilament of which any cross-sectional dimension exceeds 1 mm or strip or the like (for example, artificial straw) of an
apparent width exceeding 5 mm, of plastics (chapter 39), or plaits or fabrics or other basketware or wickerwork of such
monofilament or strip (chapter 46);

(h) Woven, knitted or crocheted fabrics, felt or nonwovens, impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics, or articles

thereof, of chapter 39;

(ij) Woven, knitted or crocheted fabrics, felt or nonwovens, impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber, or articles

thereof, of chapter 40;

(k) Hides or skins with their hair or wool on (chapter 41 or 43) or articles of furskin, artificial fur or articles thereof, of heading

4303 or 4304;

(l) Articles of textile materials of heading 4201 or 4202;

(m) Products or articles of chapter 48 (for example, cellulose wadding);

(n) Footwear or parts of footwear, gaiters or leggings or similar articles of chapter 64;

(o) Hair-nets or other headgear or parts thereof of chapter 65;

(p) Goods of chapter 67;

(q) Abrasive-coated textile material (heading 6805) and also carbon fibers or articles of carbon fibers of heading 6815;

(r) Glass fibers or articles of glass fibers, other than embroidery with glass thread on a visible ground of fabric (chapter 70);

(s) Articles of chapter 94 (for example, furniture, bedding, luminaires and lighting fittings);

(t) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games, sports requisites and nets);

(u) Articles of Chapter 96 (for example, brushes, travel sets for sewing, slide fasteners, typewriter ribbons, sanitary pads (towels)

and tampons, diapers (napkins) and diaper liners); or

(v) Articles of chapter 97.

2.

(A) Goods classifiable in chapters 50 to 55 or in heading 5809 or 5902 and of a mixture of two or more textile materials are to
be classified as if consisting wholly of that one textile material which predominates by weight over each other single textile
material.

When no one textile material predominates by weight, the goods are to be classified as if consisting wholly of that one textile
material which is covered by the heading which occurs last in numerical order among those which equally merit consideration.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI-2

Notes (con.)

(B) For the purposes of the above rule:

(a) Gimped horsehair yarn (heading 5110) and metalized yarn (heading 5605) are to be treated as a single textile material
the weight of which is to be taken as the aggregate of the weights of its components; for the classification of woven
fabrics, metal thread is to be regarded as a textile material;

(b) The choice of appropriate heading shall be effected by determining first the chapter and then the applicable heading

within that chapter, disregarding any materials not classified in that chapter;

(c) When both chapters 54 and 55 are involved with any other chapter, chapters 54 and 55 are to be treated as a single

chapter;

(d) Where a chapter or a heading refers to goods of different textile materials, such materials are to be treated as a single

textile material.

(C) The provisions of paragraphs (A) and (B) above apply also to the yarns referred to in notes 3, 4, 5 or 6 below.

3.

(A) For the purposes of this section, and subject to the exceptions in paragraph (B) below, yarns (single, multiple (folded) or

cabled) of the following descriptions are to be treated as "twine, cordage, ropes and cables":

(a) Of silk or waste silk, measuring more than 20,000 decitex;

(b) Of man-made fibers (including yarn of two or more monofilaments of chapter 54), measuring more than 10,000 decitex;

(c) Of true hemp or flax:

(i) Polished or glazed, measuring 1,429 decitex or more; or

(ii) Not polished or glazed, measuring more than 20,000 decitex;

(d) Of coir, consisting of three or more plies;

(e) Of other vegetable fibers, measuring more than 20,000 decitex; or

(f) Reinforced with metal thread.

(B) Exceptions:

(a) Yarn of wool or other animal hair and paper yarn, other than yarn reinforced with metal thread;

(b) Man-made filament tow of chapter 55 and multifilament yarn without twist or with a twist of less than 5 turns per meter

of chapter 54;

(c) Silkworm gut of heading 5006 and monofilaments of chapter 54;

(d) Metalized yarn of heading 5605; yarn reinforced with metal thread is subject to paragraph (A)(f) above; and

(e) Chenille yarn, gimped yarn and loop wale-yarn of heading 5606.

4.

(A) For the purposes of chapters 50, 51, 52, 54 and 55, the expression "put up for retail sale" in relation to yarn means, subject

to the exceptions in paragraph (B) below, yarn (single, multiple (folded) or cabled) put up:

(a) On cards, reels, tubes or similar supports, of a weight (including support) not exceeding:

(i)

85 g in the case of silk, waste silk or man-made filament yarn; or

(ii) 125 g in other cases;

(b)

In balls, hanks or skeins of a weight not exceeding:

(i)

85 g in the case of man-made filament yarn of less than 3,000 decitex, silk or silk waste;

(ii) 125 g in the case of all other yarns of less than 2,000 decitex; or

(iii) 500 g in other cases;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI-3

Notes (con.)

(c)

In hanks or skeins comprising several smaller hanks or skeins separated by dividing threads which render them
independent one of the other, each of uniform weight not exceeding:

(i)

85 g in the case of silk, waste silk or man-made filament yarn; or

(ii) 125 g in other cases.

(B) Exceptions:

(a) Single yarn of any textile material, except:

(i) Single yarn of wool or fine animal hair, unbleached; and

(ii) Single yarn of wool or fine animal hair, bleached, dyed or printed, measuring more than 5,000 decitex;

(b) Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn, unbleached:

(i) Of silk or waste silk, however put up; or

(ii) Of other textile material except wool or fine animal hair, in hanks or skeins;

(c) Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn of silk or waste silk, bleached, dyed or printed, measuring 133 decitex or less; and

(d) Single, multiple (folded) or cabled yarn of any textile material:

(i)

In cross-reeled hanks or skeins; or

(ii) Put up on supports or in some other manner indicating its use in the textile industry (for example, on cops, twisting

mill tubes, pirns, conical bobbins or spindles, or reeled in the form of cocoons for embroidery looms).

5.

For the purposes of headings 5204, 5401 and 5508, the expression "sewing thread" means multiple (folded) or cabled yarn:

(a) Put up on supports (for example, reels, tubes) of a weight (including support) not exceeding 1,000 g;

(b) Dressed for use as sewing thread; and

(c) With a final "Z" twist.

6.

For the purposes of this section, the expression "high tenacity yarn" means yarn having a tenacity, expressed in cN/tex
(centinewtons per tex), greater than the following:

Single yarn of nylon or other polyamides, or of polyesters............................

60 cN/tex

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn of nylon or other polyamides, or of

polyesters....................................................................................................

53 cN/tex

Single, multiple (folded) or cabled yarn of viscose rayon..............................

27 cN/tex

7.

For the purposes of this section, the expression "made up" means:

(a) Cut otherwise than into squares or rectangles;

(b) Produced in the finished state, ready for use (or merely needing separation by cutting dividing threads) without sewing or

other working (for example, certain dusters, towels, tablecloths, scarf squares, blankets);

(c) Cut to size and with at least one heat-sealed edge with a visibly tapered or compressed border and the other edges treated
as described in any other subparagraph of this note, but excluding fabrics the cut edges of which have been prevented from
unraveling by hot cutting or by other simple means;

(d) Hemmed or with rolled edges, or with a knotted fringe at any of the edges, but excluding fabrics the cut edges of which have

been prevented from unraveling by whipping or by other simple means;

(e) Cut to size and having undergone a process of drawn thread work;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI-4

Notes (con.)

(f) Assembled by sewing, gumming or otherwise (other than piece goods consisting of two or more lengths of identical material
joined end to end and piece goods composed of two or more textiles assembled in layers, whether or not padded); or

(g) Knitted or crocheted to shape, whether presented as separate items or in the form of a number of items in the length.

8.

For the purposes of chapters 50 to 60:

(a) Chapters 50 to 55 and 60 and, except where the context otherwise requires, chapters 56 to 59, do not apply to goods made

up within the meaning of note 7 above; and

(b) Chapters 50 to 55 and 60 do not apply to goods of chapters 56 to 59.

9.

The woven fabrics of chapters 50 to 55 include fabrics consisting of layers of parallel textile yarns superimposed on each other
at acute or right angles. These layers are bonded at the intersections of the yarns by an adhesive or by thermal bonding.

10. Elastic products consisting of textile materials combined with rubber threads are classified in this section.

11. For the purposes of this section, the expression "impregnated" includes "dipped."

12. For the purposes of this section, the expression "polyamides" includes "aramids."

13. For the purposes of this Section and, where applicable, throughout the tariff schedule, the expression "elastomeric yarn" means
filament yarn, including monofilament, of synthetic textile material, other than textured yarn, which does not break on being
extended to three times its original length and which returns, after being extended to twice its original length, within a period of
five minutes, to a length not greater than one and a half times its original length.

14. Unless the context otherwise requires, textile garments of different headings are to be classified in their own headings even if

put up in sets for retail sale. For the purposes of this note, the expression "textile garments" means garments of headings 6101
to 6114 and headings 6201 to 6211.

15. Subject to note 1 to section XI, textiles, garments and other textile articles, incorporating chemical, mechanical or electronic

components for additional functionality, whether incorporated as built-in components or within the fiber or fabric, are classified
in their respective headings in Section XI provided that they retain the essential character of the goods of this section.

Subheading Notes

1.

In this section and, where applicable, throughout the tariff schedule, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned
to them:

(a) Unbleached yarn

Yarn which:

(i) Has the natural color of its constituent fibers and has not been bleached, dyed (whether or not in the mass) or printed;

or

(ii)

Is of indeterminate color ("grey yarn"), manufactured from garnetted stock.

Such yarn may have been treated with a colorless dressing or fugitive dye (which disappears after simple washing with soap)
and, in the case of man-made fibers, treated in the mass with delustering agents (for example, titanium dioxide).

(b) Bleached yarn

Yarn which:

(i) Has undergone a bleaching process, is made of bleached fibers or, unless the context otherwise requires, has been

dyed white (whether or not in the mass) or treated with a white dressing;

(ii) Consists of a mixture of unbleached and bleached fibers; or

(iii)

Is multiple (folded) or cabled and consists of unbleached and bleached yarns.

(c) Colored (dyed or printed) yarn

Yarn which:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI-5

Subheading Notes (con.)

(i)

Is dyed (whether or not in the mass) other than white or in a fugitive color, or printed, or made from dyed or printed
fibers;

(ii) Consists of a mixture of dyed fibers of different colors or of a mixture of unbleached or bleached fibers with colored fibers

(marl or mixture yarns), or is printed in one or more colors at intervals to give the impression of dots;

(iii)

Is obtained from slivers or rovings which have been printed; or

(iv)

Is multiple (folded) or cabled and consists of unbleached or bleached yarn and colored yarn.

The above definitions also apply, mutatis mutandis , to monofilament and to strip or the like of chapter 54.

(d) Unbleached woven fabric

Woven fabric made from unbleached yarn and which has not been bleached, dyed or printed. Such fabric may have been
treated with a colorless dressing or a fugitive dye.

(e) Bleached woven fabric

Woven fabric which:

(i) Has been bleached or, unless the context otherwise requires, dyed white or treated with a white dressing, in the piece;

(ii) Consists of bleached yarn; or

(iii) Consists of unbleached and bleached yarn.

(f) Dyed woven fabric

Woven fabric which:

(i)

Is dyed a single uniform color other than white (unless the context otherwise requires) or has been treated with a colored
finish other than white (unless the context otherwise requires), in the piece; or

(ii) Consists of colored yarn of a single uniform color.

(g) Woven fabric of yarns of different colors

Woven fabric (other than printed woven fabric) which:

(i) Consists of yarns of different colors or yarns of different shades of the same color (other than the natural color of the

constituent fibers);

(ii) Consists of unbleached or bleached yarn and colored yarn; or

(iii) Consists of marl or mixture yarns.

(In all cases, the yarn used in selvages and piece ends is not taken into consideration.)

(h) Printed woven fabric

Woven fabric which has been printed in the piece, whether or not made from yarns of different colors.

(The following are also regarded as printed woven fabrics: woven fabrics bearing designs made, for example, with a brush
or spray gun, by means of transfer paper, by flocking or by the batik process.)

The definitions at (d) to (h) above apply, mutatis mutandis , to knitted or crocheted fabrics.

(ij) Plain weave

A fabric construction in which each yarn of the weft passes alternately over and under successive yarns of the warp and each
yarn of the warp passes alternately over and under successive yarns of the weft.

The definitions at (d) to (h) above apply, mutatis mutandis, to knitted or crocheted fabrics.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI-6

Subheading Notes (con.)

2.

(A) Products of chapters 56 to 63 containing two or more textile materials are to be regarded as consisting wholly of that textile

material which would be selected under note 2 to this section for the classification of a product of chapters 50 to 55 or of
heading 5809 consisting of the same textile materials.

(B) For the application of this rule:

(a) Where appropriate, only the part which determines the classification under general interpretative rule 3 shall be taken

into account;

(b)

(c)

In the case of textile products consisting of a ground fabric and a pile or looped surface no account shall be taken of the
ground fabric;

In the case of embroidery of heading 5810 and goods thereof, only the ground fabric shall be taken into account. However,
embroidery without visible ground, and goods thereof, shall be classified with reference to the embroidering threads
alone.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

In the case of each provision in the tariff schedule on which the United States has agreed to reduce the rate of duty, pursuant
to a trade agreement entered into under section 101 of the Trade Act of 1974 before January 3, 1980, on any cotton, wool or
man-made fiber textile product as defined in the Arrangement Regarding International Trade in Textiles, as extended on December
14, 1977 (the Arrangement), if the Arrangement, or a substitute arrangement, including unilateral import restrictions or bilateral
agreements, determined by the President to be suitable, ceases to be in effect with respect to the United States before the total
reduction in the rate of duty for such provision under sections 101 and 109 of the Trade Act of 1974 has become effective, then
the President shall proclaim the rate of duty in rate column 1 for such provision existing on January 1, 1975, to be the rate of
duty effective, with respect to articles entered or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, within 30 days after such cessation
and until the President proclaims the continuation of such reduction under the next sentence. If subsequently the Arrangement
or a substitute arrangement, including unilateral import restrictions or bilateral agreements, determined by the President to be
suitable, is in effect with respect to the United States, then the President shall proclaim the continuation of the reduction of such
rate of duty pursuant to such trade agreement. For purposes of section 109(c)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974, any time when a rate
of duty existing on January 1, 1975, is in effect under this note shall be time when part of such reduction is not in effect by reason
of legislation of the United States or action thereunder.

2.

The term "Certified hand-loomed and folklore" as used with respect to products provided for in the tariff schedule, refers to such
products as have been certified, in accordance with procedures established by the United States Trade Representative pursuant
to international understandings, by an official of a government agency of the country where the products were produced, to have
been so made.

Statistical Notes

1. Restraints under the Arrangement regarding International Trade in Textiles may not apply to developing country exports of

"hand-loomed and folklore products" which have been certified, in accordance with procedures established by the Committee
for the Implementation of Textile Agreements pursuant to international understandings, by an official of a government agency
of the country where the products were produced, to have been so made. The importer is required to identify such certified
products on the entry summary or withdrawal forms by placing the symbol "F" as a prefix to the appropriate 10-digit statistical
reporting number.

2.

For the purposes of the Tariff Schedule:

(a) The term "subject to cotton restraints" means articles in which:

(i)

The cotton component equals or exceeds 50 percent by weight of all the component fibers thereof; or

(ii) The cotton and any wool, fine animal hair or man-made fibers in the aggregate equals or exceeds 50 percent by weight
of all the component fibers thereof and the cotton component equals or exceeds the weight of each of the wool (including
fine animal hair) and man-made fiber components.

(b) The term "subject to wool restraints" means articles not provided for in (a) above and in which the wool (including fine animal

hair) component exceeds 17 percent by weight of all the component fibers thereof.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI-7

Statistical Notes (con.)

(c) The term "subject to man-made fiber restraints" means articles not provided for in (a) or (b) above and the man-made fiber
component, or the man-made fibers and any cotton, wool or fine animal hair in the aggregate, equals or exceeds 50 percent
by weight of all the component fibers thereof.

For the application of this note, where appropriate, only the part of the product which determines the classification under general
interpretive rule 3 shall be taken into account.

3. As a convenient cross-reference, each of the textile categories (or groupings) used by the United States in monitoring shipments
of these products and to administer the United States textile trade agreements programs is listed in the schedule following the
appropriate 10-digit description.

XI-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 50

SILK

XI
50-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
50-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5001.00.00

00

Silkworm cocoons suitable for reeling........................................

kg..............

5002.00.00

00

Raw silk (not thrown)....................................................................

kg..............

5003.00

Silk waste (including cocoons unsuitable for reeling, yarn waste
and garnetted stock):

5003.00.10

00

Not carded or combed...........................................................

kg..............

5003.00.90

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

2.5%1/

5004.00.00

00

Silk yarn (other than yarn spun from silk waste) not put up for
retail sale........................................................................................

5005.00.00

Yarn spun from silk waste, not put up for retail sale.................
Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.......................................................................................

Other (800).............................................................................

10

90

5006.00

5006.00.10

00

Silk yarn and yarn spun from silk waste, put up for retail sale;
silkworm gut:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.......................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

5006.00.90

00

Other (800).............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5007
5007.10
5007.10.30

Woven fabrics of silk or of silk waste:

Fabrics of noil silk:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

..................

0.8%1/

20

40

90

Not jacquard woven:

More than 127 cm in width...............................

Other...................................................................

Other..........................................................................

5007.10.60

Other.................................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

3.9%1/

10

20

30

90

Subject to cotton restraints or to man-made fiber
restraints:

Of yarns of different colors (218).....................

Other (220).........................................................

Subject to wool restraints (410)..............................

Other (810)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

Free

Free

Free

50%

40%

50%

40%

40%

90%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
50-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5007 (con.)
5007.20.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of silk or of silk waste: (con.)

Other fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by weight of
silk or of silk waste other than noil silk.................................

..................

Free1/

90%

15

25

35

55

65

85

95

20

40

90

5007.90
5007.90.30

Printed:

Measuring less than 77 cm in width or less than
77 cm between selvages, with more than 47 warp
yarns per cm, of a kind for use in the manufacture
of neckties.................................................................

Other:

More than 127 cm in width...............................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Measuring less than 77 cm in width or less than
77 cm between selvages, with more than 47 warp
yarns per cm, of a kind for use in the manufacture
of neckties.................................................................

Other:

Not jacquard woven:

More than 127 cm in width2/.......................

Other2/...........................................................

Other...................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

Other fabrics:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

..................

0.8%1/

Not jacquard woven:

More than 127 cm in width...............................

Other...................................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

3.9%1/

5007.90.60

Other.................................................................................

10

20

30

90

Subject to cotton restraints or to man-made fiber
restraints:

Of yarns of different colors (218).....................

Other (220).........................................................

Subject to wool restraints (410)..............................

Other (810)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

90%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 50 - 4
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 51

WOOL, FINE OR COARSE ANIMAL HAIR;
HORSEHAIR YARN AND WOVEN FABRIC

XI
51-1

Note

1.

Throughout the tariff schedule:

(a)

"Wool" means the natural fiber grown by sheep or lambs;

(b)

(c)

"Fine animal hair" means the hair of alpaca, llama, vicuna, camel (including dromedary), yak, Angora, Tibetan, Kashmir or
similar goats (but not common goats), rabbit (including Angora rabbit), hare, beaver, nutria or muskrat; and

"Coarse animal hair" means the hair of animals not mentioned above, excluding brush-making hair and bristles (heading
0502) and horsehair (heading 0511).

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of headings 5101, 5102, 5103 and 5104, regarding any package containing wool or fine animal hair subject to
different rates of duty, notwithstanding the rates of duty shown, the column 1 rate of duty is the highest column 1 rate applicable
to any part of the contents of the package comprising not less than 10 percent thereof by weight and the column 2 rate of duty
is the highest column 2 rate applicable to any part of the contents of the package comprising not less than 10 percent thereof
by weight.

2.

For the purposes of this chapter:

(a) The term "clean kg" in the rate columns means kilogram of clean yield;

(b) The term "clean yield," except for purposes of carbonized fibers, means the absolute clean content (i.e., all that portion of

the merchandise which consists exclusively of wool or hair free of all vegetable and other foreign material, containing by
weight 12 percent of moisture and 1.5 percent of material removable from the wool or hair by extraction with alcohol, and
having an ash content of not over 0.5 percent by weight), less an allowance, equal by weight to 0.5 percent of the absolute
clean content plus 60 percent of the vegetable matter present, but not exceeding 15 percent by weight of the absolute clean
content, for wool or hair that would ordinarily be lost during commercial cleaning operations;

(c) For purposes of carbonized fibers, the term "clean yield" means in the condition as entered;

(d) (i)

The term "wool for special uses" means unimproved wool and other wool of whatever blood or origin not finer than 46s
entered by a dealer, manufacturer or processor, and certified for use only in the manufacture of felt or knit boots, floor
coverings, heavy fulled lumbermen's socks, press cloth, papermakers' felts or pressed felt for polishing plate and mirror
glass;

(ii) Wool for special uses shall not be released from customs custody unless the dealer, manufacturer or processor files a
bond to insure that any wool entered as wool for special uses shall be used only (except as provided below) in the
manufacture of the articles enumerated in subparagraph (i) above;

(iii) A dealer, manufacturer or processor may be relieved of liability under his or her bond with respect to any wool entered
as wool for special uses which is transferred in its imported or any other form to another dealer, manufacturer or processor
who has filed a bond to insure that the merchandise so transferred shall be used only (except as provided below) in the
manufacture of the articles enumerated in subparagraph (i) above;

(iv) When wool entered as wool for special uses is used, or transferred for use, otherwise than in the manufacture of the

articles enumerated in subparagraph (i) above:

(A)

the regular duties which would have been applicable to such wool in the condition as entered shall be paid by the
dealer, manufacturer or processor whose bond is charged with the wool at the time of such use or transfer for such
use, but such duties shall not be levied or collected on any waste or byproducts resulting from the usual course of
manufacture of the articles enumerated in subparagraph (i) above or on any merchandise which is destroyed or
exported;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
51-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(B)

if prior to such use or transfer for such use there shall have been combined or mixed with such wool any other
merchandise, the whole of the combination or mixture shall be regarded as being composed of wool entered as
wool for special uses, unless the dealer, manufacturer or processor liable for the payment of the duties shall establish
the quantity of bonded wool in such combination or mixture;

(C) every dealer, manufacturer or processor who has given a bond pursuant to the provisions for wool for special uses
shall report any transfer or use of merchandise contrary to the terms of the bond, within 30 days after such transfer
or use, to the district director of customs in whose district the bond is filed, and for failure to so report such dealer,
manufacturer or processor shall be liable to a penalty (in addition to the duties provided for) equal to the value of
the merchandise so transferred or used at the time and place of such transfer or use; and

(D)

the clean yield of any wool shall be deemed to be 100 percent, unless the actual clean yield has been determined
by suitable tests and such use or transfer for use occurs not later than 3 years after the date of entry of such wool;

(e) The term "unimproved wool" means Aleppo, Arabian, Bagdad, Black Spanish, Chinese, Cordova, Cyprus, Donskoi, East

Indian, Ecuadorean, Egyptian, Georgian, Haslock, Iceland, Karakul, Kerry, Manchurian, Mongolian, Oporto, Persian, Pyrenean,
Sardinian, Scotch Blackface, Sistan, Smyrna, Sudan, Syrian, Tibetan, Turkestan, Valparaiso or Welsh Mountain wool and
similar wool not improved by the admixture of merino or English blood; and

(f) The standards for determining grades of wool shall be those which are established from time to time by the Secretary of

Agriculture pursuant to law and which are in effect on the date of importation of the wool.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
51-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5101

Wool, not carded or combed:

Greasy, including fleece-washed wool:

5101.11

Shorn wool:

5101.11.10

00

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer than 46s:
Wool for special uses........................................

5101.11.20

00

5101.11.40

00

Other:

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer
than 40s.......................................................

Other wool, finer than 40s but not finer
than 44s.......................................................

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

5101.11.50

00

Other wool, finer than 44s..........................

5101.11.60

Other..........................................................................

cy kg.........
kg
..................

Free1/

18.7¢/clean kg1/

30

60

Not finer than 58s..............................................

Finer than 58s....................................................

cy kg
kg

cy kg
kg

5101.19

Other:

5101.19.10

00

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer than 46s:
Wool for special uses........................................

5101.19.20

00

5101.19.40

00

Other:

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer
than 40s.......................................................

Other wool, finer than 40s but not finer
than 44s.......................................................

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

5101.19.50

00

Other wool, finer than 44s..........................

5101.19.60

Other..........................................................................

cy kg.........
kg
..................

Free1/

18.7¢/clean kg1/

30

60

Not finer than 58s..............................................

Finer than 58s....................................................

cy kg
kg

cy kg
kg

Free, under

bond

55.1¢/clean kg

66.1¢/clean kg

77.2¢/clean kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

77.2¢/clean kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free, under

bond

55.1¢/clean kg

66.1¢/clean kg

77.2¢/clean kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

77.2¢/clean kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
51-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5101 (con.)

Article Description

Wool, not carded or combed: (con.)
Degreased, not carbonized:

5101.21

Shorn wool:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5101.21.10

00

5101.21.15

00

5101.21.30

00

Not processed in any manner beyond the
degreased condition:

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer than
46s:

Wool for special uses..................................

Other:

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer
than 40s.................................................

Other wool, finer than 40s but not finer
than 44s.................................................

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

5101.21.35

00

Other wool, finer than 44s...................

5101.21.40

Other...................................................................

cy kg.........
kg
..................

Free1/

20.6¢/clean kg1/

30

60

Not finer than 58s........................................

Finer than 58s..............................................

cy kg
kg

cy kg
kg

Other:

5101.21.65

00

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer than
46s.......................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5101.21.70

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5¢/kg + 5.3%1/

Free, under

bond

59.5¢/clean kg

70.6¢/clean kg

81.6¢/clean kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

81.6¢/clean kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81.6¢/kg +

20%

81.6¢/kg +

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5101 (con.)

Wool, not carded or combed: (con.)

Degreased, not carbonized: (con.)

5101.29

Other:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
51-5

5101.29.10

00

5101.29.15

00

5101.29.30

00

Not processed in any manner beyond the
degreased condition:

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer than
46s:

Wool for special uses..................................

Other:

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer
than 40s.................................................

Other wool, finer than 40s but not finer
than 44s.................................................

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

cy kg.........
kg

Free1/

5101.29.35

00

Other wool, finer than 44s...................

5101.29.40

Other...................................................................

cy kg.........
kg
..................

Free1/

20.6¢/clean kg1/

30

60

Not finer than 58s........................................

Finer than 58s..............................................

cy kg
kg

cy kg
kg

Other:

5101.29.65

00

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer than
46s.......................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5101.29.70

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

6.5¢/kg + 5.3%1/

Free, under

bond

59.6¢/clean kg

70.6¢/clean kg

81.6¢/clean kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

81.6¢/clean kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81.6¢/kg +

20%

81.6¢/kg +

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
51-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5101 (con.)
5101.30

Article Description

Wool, not carded or combed: (con.)

Carbonized:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Not processed in any manner beyond the carbonized
condition:

5101.30.10

00

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer than 40s...

kg..............

5101.30.15

00

Other wool, finer than 40s but not finer than 44s...

kg..............

5101.30.30

00

Other wool, finer than 44s but not finer than 46s...

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

5101.30.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

24.4¢/kg1/

5101.30.65

00

Unimproved wool; other wool, not finer than 46s...

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

5101.30.70

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.5¢/kg + 5.3%1/

75.1¢/kg

86.1¢/kg

97¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

97¢/kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81.6¢/kg +

20%

81.6¢/kg +

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
51-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5102

Fine or coarse animal hair, not carded or combed:

5102.11
5102.11.10

00

Fine animal hair:

Of Kashmir (cashmere) goats:

Not processed in any manner beyond the
degreased or carbonized condition........................

5102.11.90

00

Other..........................................................................

cy kg.........
kg

5.1¢/clean kg1/

cy kg.........
kg

4.9¢/kg + 4%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

46.3¢/clean kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81.6¢/kg +

20%

5102.19

Other:

5102.19.20

00

Hair of the camel................................................

Not processed in any manner beyond the
degreased or carbonized condition:

cy kg.........
kg

5¢/clean kg1/

5102.19.60

Other...................................................................

..................

0.4%1/

30

60

Hair of the Angora goat..............................

Other.............................................................

cy kg
kg

cy kg
kg

Other:

5102.19.80

00

5102.19.90

00

Fur, prepared for hatters' use...........................

kg..............

Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.9¢/kg + 4%1/

5102.20.00

00

Coarse animal hair.................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5103

Waste of wool or of fine or coarse animal hair, including yarn
waste but excluding garnetted stock:

5103.10.00

00

Noils of wool or of fine animal hair........................................

kg..............

2.6¢/kg1/

5103.20.00

00

Other waste of wool or of fine animal hair...........................

kg..............

2.6¢/kg1/

5103.30.00

00

Waste of coarse animal hair.................................................

kg..............

7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

55¢/clean kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.9%

35%

81.6¢/kg +

20%

Free

50.7¢/kg

55.1¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

30%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5104.00.00

00

Garnetted stock of wool or of fine or coarse animal hair..........

kg..............

Free1/

57.3¢/kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
51-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5105

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wool and fine or coarse animal hair, carded or combed
(including combed wool in fragments):

5105.10.00

00

Carded wool (400).................................................................

kg..............

6.5¢/kg + 5.3%1/

5105.21.00

00

Combed wool in fragments (400)..................................

kg..............

3.7¢/kg + 3%1/

Wool tops and other combed wool:

5105.29.00

00

Other (400).......................................................................

kg..............

3.9¢/kg + 3.1%1/

5105.31.00

00

Of Kashmir (cashmere) goats (400).............................

kg..............

6.8¢/kg + 5.5%1/

Fine animal hair, carded or combed:

5105.39.00

00

Other (400).......................................................................

kg..............

6.8¢/kg + 5.5%1/

5105.40.00

00

Coarse animal hair, carded or combed...............................

kg..............

5106
5106.10.00

Yarn of carded wool, not put up for retail sale:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool..............

..................

Free1/

6%1/

10

90
00

5106.20.00

Of which the average fiber diameter is not less than
34.40 microns (400)........................................................

kg

Other (400).......................................................................
Containing less than 85 percent by weight of wool (400)...

kg
kg..............

6%1/

81.6¢/kg +

20%

81.6¢/kg +

20%

81.6¢/kg +

20%

81.6¢/kg +

20%

81.6¢/kg
+20%

20%

55.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
51-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5107
5107.10
5107.10.30

00

Yarn of combed wool, not put up for retail sale:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool:

Of wool fiber with an average fiber diameter of 18.5
microns or less (400)......................................................

kg..............

6%1/

5107.10.60

00

Other (400).......................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

5107.20
5107.20.30

00

Containing less than 85 percent by weight of wool:

Of wool fiber with an average fiber diameter of 18.5
microns or less (400)......................................................

kg..............

6%1/

5107.20.60

00

Other (400).......................................................................

kg..............

6%1/

5108

5108.10
5108.10.30

00

Yarn of fine animal hair (carded or combed), not put up for
retail sale:

Carded:

Of Angora rabbit hair (400)............................................

kg..............

4%1/

5108.10.40

00

Of mohair (400)...............................................................

kg..............

5108.10.80

00

Other (400).......................................................................

kg..............

4%1/

4%1/

5108.20
5108.20.30

00

Combed:

Of Angora rabbit hair (400)............................................

kg..............

4%1/

5108.20.40

00

Of mohair (400)...............................................................

kg..............

5108.20.80

00

Other (400).......................................................................

kg..............

4%1/

4%1/

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
51-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5109
5109.10

5109.10.20

00

Yarn of wool or of fine animal hair, put up for retail sale:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool or of fine
animal hair:

Yarn of wool, colored (dyed or printed) and cut into
uniform lengths of not over 8 cm (400).........................

kg..............

Free1/

5109.10.40

00

Of Angora rabbit hair (400).....................................

kg..............

4%1/

Other:

5109.10.80

00

Of wool fiber with an average fiber diameter
of 18.5 microns or less (400)............................

kg..............

6%1/

Other:

5109.10.90

00

Other (400).........................................................

kg..............

6%1/

5109.90
5109.90.20

00

Other:

Yarn of wool, colored (dyed or printed) and cut into
uniform lengths of not over 8 cm (400).........................

kg..............

Free1/

5109.90.40

00

Of Angora rabbit hair (400).....................................

kg..............

4%1/

Other:

5109.90.80

00

Of wool fiber with an average fiber diameter
of 18.5 microns or less (400)............................

kg..............

6%1/

Other:

5109.90.90

00

Other (400).........................................................

kg..............

6%1/

5110.00.00

00

Yarn of coarse animal hair or of horsehair (including gimped
horsehair yarn), whether or not put up for retail sale................

kg..............

Free1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

Free

55.5%

55.5%

55.5%

20%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
51-11

2

5111

Woven fabrics of carded wool or of carded fine animal hair:

5111.11
5111.11.20

00

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool or of fine
animal hair:

Of a weight not exceeding 300 g/m2:

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
not exceeding 140 g/m2 (414).................................

5111.11.30

00

Hand-woven, with a loom width of less than
76 cm (410)........................................................

Other:

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

10%1/

5111.11.70

Other...................................................................

..................

25%1/

30

60

Wholly or in part of fine animal hair
(410).............................................................

Other (410)..................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg +

60%

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
51-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5111 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of carded wool or of carded fine animal hair:
(con.)

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool or of fine
animal hair: (con.)

5111.19
5111.19.10

00

Other:

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics (414)......

5111.19.20

00

Hand-woven, with a loom width of less than
76 cm (410)........................................................

Other:

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

10%1/

5111.19.60

Other...................................................................

..................

25%1/

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg +

60%

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

40

60

80

Wholly or in part of fine animal hair:

Weighing not more than 400 g/m2
(410)......................................................

Weighing more than 400 g/m2
(410)......................................................

Other:

Weighing not more than 400 g/m2
(410)......................................................

Weighing more than 400 g/m2
(410)......................................................

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

5111.20
5111.20.05

00

Other, mixed mainly or solely with man-made filaments:
Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
exceeding 300 g/m2 (414)..............................................

5111.20.10

00

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight not
exceeding 140 g/m2 (414)..............................................

5111.20.90

00

Other (410).......................................................................

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

25%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

68.5%

68.5%

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
51-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5111 (con.)

5111.30
5111.30.05

00

Woven fabrics of carded wool or of carded fine animal hair:
(con.)

Other, mixed mainly or solely with man-made staple fibers:
Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
exceeding 300 g/m2 (414)..............................................

5111.30.10

00

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight not
exceeding 140 g/m2 (414)..............................................

5111.30.90

00

Other (410).......................................................................

5111.90
5111.90.30

00

Other:

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste, valued over $33/kg (410)...................................

Other:

5111.90.40

00

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
exceeding 300 g/m2 (414).......................................

5111.90.50

00

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
not exceeding 140 g/m2 (414).................................

5111.90.90

00

Other (410)................................................................

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

25%1/

m2..............
kg

6.9%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

25%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

68.5%

68.5%

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

68.5%

68.5%

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
51-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5112

5112.11
5112.11.10

00

Woven fabrics of combed wool or of combed fine animal hair:
Containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool or of fine
animal hair:

Of a weight not exceeding 200g/m2:

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
not exceeding 140 g/m2 (414).................................

m2..............
kg

7%1/

5112.11.30

Of wool yarns with an average fiber diameter
of 18.5 microns or less......................................

..................

25%1/

Other:

5112.11.60

30

60

30

60

Containing fine animal hair (410)..............

Other (410)..................................................

Other...................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
..................

25%1/

Wholly or in part of fine animal hair
(410).............................................................

Other (410)..................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5112 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
51-15

2

Woven fabrics of combed wool or of combed fine animal hair:
(con.)

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool or of fine
animal hair: (con.)

5112.19
5112.19.20

00

Other:

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics (414)......

m2..............
kg

7%1/

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
51-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5112 (con.)

5112.19
(con.)

5112.19.60

10

20

30

40

50

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of combed wool or of combed fine animal hair:
(con.)

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of wool or of fine
animal hair: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Of wool yarns with an average fiber diameter
of 18.5 microns or less......................................

..................

25%1/

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Containing fine animal hair:

Weighing not more than 270 g/m2
(410)......................................................

Weighing more than 270 g/m2 but not
more than 340 g/m2 (410)...................

Weighing more than 340 g/m2
(410)......................................................

Other:

Weighing not more than 270 g/m2
(410)......................................................

Weighing more than 270 g/m2 but not
more than 340 g/m2 (410)...................

Weighing more than 340 g/m2
(410)......................................................

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg
..................

25%1/

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5112.19.95

Other...................................................................

10

20

30

40

50

60

Wholly or in part of fine animal hair:

Weighing not more than 270 g/m2
(410)......................................................

Weighing more than 270 g/m2 but not
more than 340 g/m2 (410)...................

Weighing more than 340 g/m2
(410)......................................................

Other:

Weighing not more than 270 g/m2
(410)......................................................

Weighing more than 270 g/m2 but not
more than 340 g/m2 (410)...................

Weighing more than 340 g/m2
(410)......................................................

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
51-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5112 (con.)

5112.20
5112.20.10

00

Woven fabrics of combed wool or of combed fine animal hair:
(con.)

Other, mixed mainly or solely with man-made filaments:
Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
exceeding 300 g/m2 (414)..............................................

5112.20.20

00

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight not
exceeding 140 g/m2 (414)..............................................

5112.20.30

00

Other (410).......................................................................

5112.30
5112.30.10

00

Other, mixed mainly or solely with man-made staple fibers:
Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
exceeding 300 g/m2 (414)..............................................

5112.30.20

00

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight not
exceeding 140 g/m2 (414)..............................................

5112.30.30

00

Other (410).......................................................................

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

25%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

25%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

68.5%

68.5%

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

68.5%

68.5%

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

XI
51-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5112 (con.)

5112.90
5112.90.30

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of combed wool or of combed fine animal hair:
(con.)

Other:

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste, valued over $33/kg (410)...................................

m2..............
kg

6.9%1/

80%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Other:

5112.90.40

00

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
exceeding 300 g/m2 (414).......................................

5112.90.50

00

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
not exceeding 140 g/m2 (414).................................

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

5112.90.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

25%1/

10

90

Mixed mainly or solely with cotton (410).........

Other (410).........................................................

5113.00.00

00

Woven fabrics of coarse animal hair or of horsehair................

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

68.5%

68.5%

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 51 - 19

1/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 52

COTTON

XI
52-1

Subheading Note

1.

For the purposes of subheadings 5209.42 and 5211.42, the expression "denim" means fabrics of yarns of different colors, of
3-thread or 4-thread twill, including broken twill, warp faced, the warp yarns of which are of one and the same color and the weft
yarns of which are unbleached, bleached, dyed grey or colored a lighter shade of the color of the warp yarns.

Additional U.S. Notes

1. Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, the staple length of cotton shall be determined for all customs

purposes by application of the Official Cotton Standards of the United States for length of staple, as established by the Secretary
of Agriculture and in effect when the determination is to be made.

2.

For the purposes of classifying yarns of headings 5205 and 5206 the term "nm," as applied in these headings, means the number
of 1,000-meter lengths of yarn in one kilogram. To determine the nm measurement of any yarn, whether single, multiple (folded)
or cabled, the actual meters per kilogram shall be divided by 1,000 and the quotient thereof multiplied by the number of single
yarns therein, including the single yarns used in manufacturing multiple (folded) or cabled yarns.

3.

For the purposes of the woven fabrics of chapter 52:

(a) The term "number," as applied to woven fabrics of cotton, means the average yarn number of the yarns contained therein.
In computing the average yarn number, the length of the yarn is considered to be equal to the distance covered by it in the
fabric in the condition as imported, with all clipped yarn being measured as if continuous and with the count being taken of
the total single yarns in the fabric including the single yarns in any multiple (folded) or cabled yarns. The weight shall be
taken after any excessive sizing is removed by boiling or other suitable process. Any one of the following formulas can be
used to determine the average yarn number for tariff purposes--

N = BYT/1,000, 100T/Z', BT/Z or ST/10

when:

N is the average yarn number,
B is the breadth (width) of the fabric in centimeters,
Y is the meters (linear) of the fabric per kilogram,
T is the total single yarns per square centimeter,
S is the square meters of fabric per kilogram,
Z is the grams per linear meter of fabric, and
Z' is the grams per square meter of fabric.

Fractions in the resulting "number" shall be disregarded.

(b) Unless the context otherwise requires, provisions relating to one or more weaves embrace only those fabrics which (excluding

selvage) are wholly of the specified weave or weaves, including combinations exclusively thereof.

4.

For the purposes of heading 5208 and 5209, the term "certified hand-loomed fabrics" means fabrics made on a hand loom (i.e.,
a nonpower-driven loom) by a cottage industry and which prior to exportation have been certified by an official of a government
agency of the country where the fabrics were produced to have been so made.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

5.

The aggregate quantity of cotton, not carded or combed, the product of any country or area including the United States, having
a staple length under 28.575 mm (1-1/8 inches) (except harsh or rough cotton, having a staple length under 19.05 mm (3/4 inch)),
entered under subheading 5201.00.14 during the 12-month period from September 20 in any year through September 19,
inclusive, shall not exceed 20,207.05 metric tons (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included in the
aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note, the countries listed below shall have access to not less than the quantities
specified below:

Argentina...................................................................
Brazil.........................................................................
British East Africa......................................................
British West Africa (except Nigeria and Ghana)........
British West Indies (except Barbados,

Bermuda,Jamaica, Trinidad, Tobago)......................
China.........................................................................
Colombia...................................................................
Ecuador.....................................................................
Egypt & Sudan (aggregate).......................................
Haiti...........................................................................
Honduras...................................................................
India & Pakistan (aggregate).....................................
Indonesia & Netherlands New Guinea (aggregate)....
Iraq............................................................................
Nigeria.......................................................................
Paraguay...................................................................
Peru...........................................................................
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Estonia, Georgia,

Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova,
Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine and
Uzbekistan (aggregate)...........................................

Quantity
(kg)
2,360
280,648
1,016
7,259

9,671
621,780
56
4,233
355,532
107
341
908,764
32,381
88
2,438
395
112,469

215,512

6.

7.

Other than as provided for in the country allocations above, articles the product of countries or areas who are not members of
the World Trade Organization shall not be permitted or included in the quantitative limitations set forth in this note.

The aggregate quantity of harsh or rough cotton, not carded or combed, the product of any country or area including the United
States, having a staple length of 29.36875 mm (1-5/32 inches) or more but under 34.925 mm (1-3/8 inches) and white in color
(except cotton of perished staple, grabbots and cotton pickings), entered under subheading 5201.00.24 during the 12-month
period from August 1 in any year through July 31, inclusive, shall not exceed 1,400.0 metric tons (articles the product of Mexico
shall not be permitted or included in the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Articles the product of countries or areas who are not members of the World Trade Organization shall not be permitted or included
in the quantitative limitations set forth in this note.

The aggregate quantity of cotton, not carded or combed, the product of any country or area including the United States, having
a staple length of 28.575 mm (1-1/8 inches) or more but under 34.925 mm (1-3/8 inches) (except harsh or rough cotton, not
carded or combed, having a staple length of 29.36875 mm (1-5/32 inches) or more and white in color) but including cotton of
perished staple, grabbots and cotton pickings, entered under subheading 5201.00.34 during the 12-month period from August
1 in any year through July 31, inclusive, shall not exceed 11,500.0 metric tons (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted
or included in the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Articles the product of countries or areas who are not members of the World Trade Organization shall not be permitted or included
in the quantitative limitations set forth in this note.

8.

The aggregate quantity of cotton, not carded or combed, the product of any country or area including the United States, having
a staple length of 34.925 mm (1-3/8 inches) or more, entered under subheading 5201.00.60 during the 12-month period from
August 1 in any year through July 31, inclusive, shall not exceed 40,100.0 metric tons (articles the product of Mexico shall not
be permitted or included in the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Articles the product of countries or areas who are not members of the World Trade Organization shall not be permitted or included
in the quantitative limitations set forth in this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-3

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

9.

The aggregate quantity of card strips made from cotton having a staple length under 30.1625 mm (1-3/16 inches), and lap waste,
sliver waste and roving waste of cotton, all the foregoing the product of any country or area including the United States, entered
under subheading 5202.99.10 during the 12-month period from September 20 in any year through September 19, inclusive, shall
not exceed 3,335,427 kilograms (articles the product of Mexico shall not be permitted or included in the aforementioned quantitative
limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable therein).

Of the quantitative limitations provided for in this note, the countries listed below shall have access to not less than the quantities
specified below:

Belgium......................................................................
Canada.......................................................................
China..........................................................................
Cuba...........................................................................
Egypt..........................................................................
France........................................................................
Germany.....................................................................
Italy.............................................................................
India & Pakistan (aggregate)......................................
Japan..........................................................................
Netherlands................................................................
Switzerland.................................................................
United Kingdom..........................................................

Quantity
(kg)
5,830
108,721
7,857
2,968
3,689
34,385
11,540
3,215
31,582
154,917
10,317
6,711
653,695

Other than as provided for in the country allocations above, articles the product of countries or areas who are not members of
the World Trade Organization shall not be permitted or included in the quantitative limitations set forth in this note.

10. The aggregate quantity of fibers of cotton processed but not spun, entered under subheading 5203.00.10 during the 12-month
period from September 11 in any year through September 10, inclusive, shall not exceed 2,500 kilograms (articles the product
of Mexico shall not be permitted or included in the aforementioned quantitative limitation and no such articles shall be classifiable
therein).

Articles the product of countries or areas who are not members of the World Trade Organization shall not be permitted or included
in the quantitative limitations set forth in this note.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of the woven fabrics of chapter 52:

(a) The term "poplin or broadcloth" means plain weave fabrics, not of square construction, whether or not napped, but does not

include the following types:

(i)

Fabrics weighing not more than 200 grams per square meter, containing 33 or less warp ends and filling picks per square
centimeter; and

(ii) Fabrics weighing more than 200 grams per square meter, of average yarn number 26 or lower number.

(b) The term "sheeting" means plain weave fabrics, whether or not napped, of the following types:

(i)

Fabrics weighing not more than 200 grams per square meter, of square construction, containing more than 33 warp
ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of average yarn number 68 or lower number, but not including printcloth;
and

(ii) Fabrics weighing more than 200 grams per square meter, but does not include:

(A) Fabrics of which the warp or filling consists of multiple (folded) or cabled yarns, of average yarn number 26 or lower

number; and

(B) Fabrics of average yarn number 27 or higher number, not of square construction.

(c) The term "cheesecloth" means plain weave fabrics, weighing not more than 200 grams per square meter, containing not

more than 33 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, whether or not napped.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-4
Statistical Note (con.)

(d) The term "printcloth" means plain weave fabrics, weighing not more than 200 grams per square meter, of average yarn

numbers 43-68, containing more than 33 singles yarns per square centimeter and not containing multiple (folded) or cabled
yarns, of square construction, not combed, whether or not napped.

(e) The term "lawns, voiles or batistes" means plain weave fabrics, weighing not more than 200 grams per square meter, of

average yarn number 69 or higher number, containing more than 33 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of
square construction, whether or not napped.

(f) The term "sateens" means satin weave fabrics, whether or not napped.

(g) The term "oxford cloth" means fabrics weighing not more than 200 grams per square meter, whether or not napped, woven
as plain weave except that two or more warp ends are woven as one (taped warp). Oxford cloth is not to be classified as a
plain weave fabric.

(h) The term "duck" means fabrics weighing more than 200 grams per square meter, of average yarn number 26 or lower

number, whether or not napped, of the following types:

(i) Plain weave, of which the warp or filling consists of multiple (folded) or cabled yarns; or

(ii) Woven as plain weave except that two or more warp ends are woven as one (taped warp), whether or not containing

multiple (folded) or cabled yarns; this latter type of duck is not to be classified as a plain weave fabric.

(ij) The term "square construction" means fabrics of the following types:

(i) Containing less than 79 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of which the difference between the total

count of warp ends per centimeter and the total count of filling picks per centimeter is less than 11; or

(ii) Containing 79 or more warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of which the total count of warp ends per

centimeter and the total count of filling picks per centimeter are each less than 57 percent of the total count per square
centimeter of such warp ends and filling picks.

(k) The term "napped" means fabrics with a fuzzy, fibrous surface produced by scratching or pricking the surface so that some
of the fibers are raised from the body of the yarn. Napped fabrics are not to be confused with pile fabrics. Outing and canton
flannel, moleskin, etc., are typical fabrics with a nap.

(l)

The term "not combed" means fabrics wholly or in part of uncombed cotton, other vegetable textile fibers or wool or fine
animal hair.

(m) The term "combed" means fabrics containing cotton, other vegetable textile fibers or wool or fine animal hair, in which such

fibers are combed, whether or not containing other fibers.

(n) The term "osnaburg" means plain woven fabrics of square construction, not combed, not napped, weighing more than 200

g/m2, of average yarn number 22 or lower and containing less than 28 warp ends and filling picks per centimeter.

(o) The term "blue denim" means fabrics of 3-thread or 4-thread twill, including broken twill, warp faced, the warp yarns of which
are dyed blue and the weft yarns of which are unbleached, bleached, dyed grey or colored a lighter shade of blue than that
of the warp yarns.

(p) The term "discharge printed" fabrics refers to fabrics which have been:

(i) Dyed, not tinted, a single uniform color other than white;

(ii) Further processed using a method whereby chlorine or other color-destroying chemicals are applied to discrete portions

of the dyed fabric to bleach out or discharge the dye and printed in those discrete portions thereby yielding a different
colored pattern on the previously dyed ground; and

(iii) Subjected to two or more of the following finishing operations: bleaching, shrinking, filling, napping, decating, permanent

stiffening, weighting, permanent embossing or moireing.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5201.00

Cotton, not carded or combed:1/

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
52-5

5201.00.05

00

5201.00.12

00

5201.00.14

00

Having a staple length under 28.575 mm (1-1/8 inches):
Harsh or rough, having a staple length under 19.05 mm
(3/4 inch)..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Other:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

Described in additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

Free2/

kg..............

Free2/

5201.00.18

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

31.4¢/kg2/

5201.00.22

00

Having a staple length of 28.575 mm (1-1/8 inches) or
more but under 34.925 mm (1-3/8 inches):

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............

4.4¢/kg2/

5201.00.24

00

Other, harsh or rough, having a staple length of
29.36875 mm (1-5/32 inches) or more and white in
color (except cotton of perished staple, grabbots and
cotton pickings):

Described in additional U.S. note 6 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

4.4¢/kg2/

5201.00.28

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

31.4¢/kg2/

Other:

5201.00.34

00

Described in additional U.S. note 7 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

kg..............

4.4¢/kg2/

5201.00.38

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

31.4¢/kg2/

Free

Free

Free

36.9¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

15.4¢/kg

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,

15.4¢/kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

36.9¢/kg

Free (A+, BH, CL,

15.4¢/kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

36.9¢/kg

XI
52-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5201.00
(con.)

5201.00.55

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Cotton, not carded or combed: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Having a staple length of 34.925 mm (1-3/8 inches) or
more:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

5201.00.60

00

Described in additional U.S. note 8 to this chapter and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg2/

5201.00.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

31.4¢/kg2/

5202
5202.10.00

Cotton waste (including yarn waste and garnetted stock):3/

00

Yarn waste (including thread waste)...................................

kg..............

5202.91.00

00

Garnetted stock...............................................................

kg..............

Other:

Free2/

4.3%2/

5202.99

Other:

5202.99.05

00

5202.99.10

00

Card strips made from cotton having a staple
length under 30.1625 mm (1-3/16 inches) and lap
waste, sliver waste and roving waste:

Described in general note 15 of the tariff
schedule and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

Described in additional U.S. note 9 to this
chapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions............................................................

kg..............

Free2/

kg..............

Free2/

5202.99.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

7.8¢/kg2/

5202.99.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

15.4¢/kg

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (BH, CL, CO,

15.4¢/kg

E, IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

36.9¢/kg

Free

Free (A+, AU, BH,

5%

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

9.2¢/kg

Free

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5203.00

Cotton, carded or combed:3/

Fibers of cotton processed but not spun:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
52-7

5203.00.05

00

Described in general note 15 of the tariff schedule and
entered pursuant to its provisions.................................

kg..............

5%2/

5203.00.10

00

Described in additional U.S. note 10 to this chapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions..........................

kg..............

5%2/

5203.00.30

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

31.4¢/kg2/

5203.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

4.3%2/

5204

Cotton sewing thread, whether or not put up for retail sale:

Not put up for retail sale:

5204.11.00

00

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton
(200).................................................................................

kg..............

4.4%2/

5204.19.00

00

Other (200).......................................................................

kg..............

4.4%2/

5204.20.00

00

Put up for retail sale (200).....................................................

kg..............

4.4%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,

5%

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, BH, CL,

5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

36.9¢/kg

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

5%

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25.5%

25.5%

25.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
52-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5205

5205.11
5205.11.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cotton yarn (other than sewing thread), containing 85 percent
or more by weight of cotton, not put up for retail sale:

Single yarn, of uncombed fibers:

Not exceeding 14 nm:

Unbleached, not mercerized (300).........................

kg..............

3.7%2/

5205.11.20

00

Other (300)................................................................

kg..............

5%2/

5205.12
5205.12.10

00

Exceeding 14 nm but not exceeding 43 nm:

Unbleached, not mercerized (300).........................

kg..............

5.2%2/

5205.12.20

00

Other (300)................................................................

kg..............

6.5%2/

5205.13
5205.13.10

00

Exceeding 43 nm but not exceeding 52 nm:

Unbleached, not mercerized (300).........................

kg..............

6.5%2/

5205.13.20

00

Other (300)................................................................

kg..............

7.3%2/

5205.14
5205.14.10

00

Exceeding 52 nm but not exceeding 80 nm:

Unbleached, not mercerized (300).........................

kg..............

7.8%2/

5205.14.20

00

Other (300)................................................................

kg..............

8.7%2/

5205.15
5205.15.10

00

Exceeding 80 nm:

Unbleached, not mercerized (300).........................

kg..............

9.9%2/

5205.15.20

00

Other (300)................................................................

kg..............

12%2/

6.9%

11.9%

10.3%

15.3%

13.9%

18.9%4/

17.3%

22.3%

29.1%

34.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
52-9

Cotton yarn (other than sewing thread), containing 85 percent
or more by weight of cotton, not put up for retail sale: (con.)

Single yarn, of combed fibers:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5205 (con.)

5205.21.00

Not exceeding 14 nm......................................................

..................

5.8%2/

5205.22.00

5205.23.00

5205.24.00

5205.26.00

5205.27.00

5205.28.00

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

Ring spun (301)........................................................

kg

Other (301)................................................................
Exceeding 14 nm but not exceeding 43 nm.................

kg
..................

7.3%2/

Ring spun (301)........................................................

kg

Other (301)................................................................
Exceeding 43 nm but not exceeding 52 nm.................

kg
..................

8.6%2/

Ring spun (301)........................................................

kg

Other (301)................................................................
Exceeding 52 nm but not exceeding 80 nm.................

kg
..................

9.9%2/

Ring spun (301)........................................................

Other (301)................................................................

Measuring less than 125 decitex but not less than
106.38 decitex (exceeding 80 metric number but not
exceeding 94 metric number)........................................

kg

kg

..................

12%2/

Ring spun (301)........................................................

Other (301)................................................................
Measuring less than 106.38 decitex but not less than
83.33 decitex (exceeding 94 metric number but not
exceeding 120 metric number)......................................

kg

kg

..................

12%2/

Ring spun (301)........................................................

Other (301)................................................................

Measuring less than 83.33 decitex (exceeding 120
metric number)................................................................

kg

kg

..................

12%2/

Ring spun (301)........................................................

Other (301)................................................................

kg

kg

11.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

15.3%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

18.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.3%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

34.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

34.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

34.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5205 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cotton yarn (other than sewing thread), containing 85 percent
or more by weight of cotton, not put up for retail sale: (con.)
Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn, of uncombed fibers:

5205.31.00

00

Not exceeding 14 nm per single yarn (300).................

kg..............

5.8%2/

5205.32.00

00

Exceeding 14 nm but not exceeding 43 nm per single
yarn (300).........................................................................

kg..............

7.3%2/

5205.33.00

00

Exceeding 43 nm but not exceeding 52 nm per single
yarn (300).........................................................................

kg..............

8.6%2/

5205.34.00

00

Exceeding 52 nm but not exceeding 80 nm per single
yarn (300).........................................................................

kg..............

9.9%2/

5205.35.00

00

Exceeding 80 nm per single yarn (300)........................

kg..............

12%2/

11.9%

15.3%

18.9%

22.3%

34.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5205 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Cotton yarn (other than sewing thread), containing 85 percent
or more by weight of cotton, not put up for retail sale: (con.)
Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn, of combed fibers:

XI
52-11

2

5205.41.00

Not exceeding 14 nm per single yarn............................

..................

5%2/

5205.42.00

5205.43.00

5205.44.00

20

90

21

29
90

21

29
90

21

29
90

Ring spun (301)........................................................

Other (301)................................................................
Exceeding 14 nm but not exceeding 43 nm per single
yarn...................................................................................

kg

kg

..................

6.5%2/

Ring spun:

Compact, exceeding 41 nm (301)...................

Other (301).........................................................
Other (301)................................................................
Exceeding 43 nm but not exceeding 52 nm per single
yarn...................................................................................

kg

kg
kg

..................

8.6%2/

Ring spun:

Compact (301)...................................................

Other (301).........................................................
Other (301)................................................................
Exceeding 52 nm but not exceeding 80 nm per single
yarn...................................................................................

kg

kg
kg

..................

9.9%2/

Ring spun:

Compact (301)...................................................

Other (301).........................................................
Other (301)................................................................

kg

kg
kg

11.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

15.3%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

18.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.3%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
52-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5205 (con.)

5205.46.00

5205.47.00

5205.48.00

21

29
90

21

29
90

20

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cotton yarn (other than sewing thread), containing 85 percent
or more by weight of cotton, not put up for retail sale: (con.)

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn, of combed fibers (con.):
Measuring per single yarn less than 125 decitex but
not less than 106.38 decitex (exceeding 80 metric
number but not exceeding 94 metric number).............

..................

12%2/

34.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Ring spun:

Compact (301)...................................................

Other (301).........................................................
Other (301)................................................................

Measuring per single yarn less than 106.38 decitex
but not less than 83.33 decitex (exceeding 94 metric
number but not exceeding 120 metric number)...........

kg

kg
kg

..................

12%2/

Ring spun:

Compact, not exceeding 102 nm (301)...........

Other (301).........................................................
Other (301)................................................................

Measuring per single yarn less than 83.33 decitex
(exceeding 120 metric number).....................................

kg

kg
kg

..................

12%2/

Ring spun (301)........................................................

Other (301)................................................................

kg

kg

34.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

34.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5206

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Cotton yarn (other than sewing thread), containing less than
85 percent by weight of cotton, not put up for retail sale:

Single yarn, of uncombed fibers:

XI
52-13

2

5206.11.00

00

Not exceeding 14 nm (300)............................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.12.00

00

Exceeding 14 nm but not exceeding 43 nm (300).......

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.13.00

00

Exceeding 43 nm but not exceeding 52 nm (300).......

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.14.00

00

Exceeding 52 nm but not exceeding 80 nm (300).......

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.15.00

00

Exceeding 80 nm (300)..................................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.21.00

00

Not exceeding 14 nm (301)............................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

Single yarn, of combed fibers:

5206.22.00

00

Exceeding 14 nm but not exceeding 43 nm (301).......

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.23.00

00

Exceeding 43 nm but not exceeding 52 nm (301).......

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.24.00

00

Exceeding 52 nm but not exceeding 80 nm (301).......

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.25.00

00

Exceeding 80 nm (301)..................................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5206 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cotton yarn (other than sewing thread), containing less than
85 percent by weight of cotton, not put up for retail sale: (con.)
Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn, of uncombed fibers:

5206.31.00

00

Not exceeding 14 nm per single yarn (300).................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.32.00

00

Exceeding 14 nm but not exceeding 43 nm per single
yarn (300).........................................................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.33.00

00

Exceeding 43 nm but not exceeding 52 nm per single
yarn (300).........................................................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.34.00

00

Exceeding 52 nm but not exceeding 80 nm per single
yarn (300).........................................................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.35.00

00

Exceeding 80 nm per single yarn (300)........................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.41.00

00

Not exceeding 14 nm per single yarn (301).................

kg..............

9.2%2/

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn, of combed fibers:

5206.42.00

00

Exceeding 14 nm but not exceeding 43 nm per single
yarn (301).........................................................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.43.00

00

Exceeding 43 nm but not exceeding 52 nm per single
yarn (301).........................................................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.44.00

00

Exceeding 52 nm but not exceeding 80 nm per single
yarn (301).........................................................................

kg..............

9.2%2/

5206.45.00

00

Exceeding 80 nm per single yarn (301)........................

kg..............

9.2%2/

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-15

2

5207
5207.10.00

Cotton yarn (other than sewing thread) put up for retail sale:

00

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton (200)..

kg..............

5207.90.00

00

Other (200).............................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

5%2/

5208

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²:

Unbleached:

5208.11
5208.11.20

Plain weave, weighing not more than 100 g/m²:

Of number 42 or lower number...............................

..................

7%2/

5208.11.40

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

5208.11.60

00

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of numbers 43 to 68................................................

m²
kg
..................

9%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

Printcloth (315)...................................................

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of number 69 or higher number:

Suitable for making typewriter ribbon,
containing yarns the average number of which
exceeds 85 but not 237, the total thread count
(treating multiple (folded) or cabled yarns as
single threads) per square centimeter is not
less than 94 and not more than 134, and in
which the thread count of either the warp or
filling does not exceed 60 percent of the total
thread count of the warp and filling (220).......

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²..............
kg

Free2/

5208.11.80

Other...................................................................

..................

10.5%2/

20

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

25.5%

25.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

16.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

21.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22¢/kg +
41.5%

32.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
52-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

5208.12
5208.12.40

5208.12.60

5208.12.80

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Unbleached: (con.)

Plain weave, weighing more than 100 g/m²:

Of number 42 or lower number...............................

..................

7%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of numbers 43 to 68................................................

m²
kg
..................

9%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

Printcloth (315)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of number 69 or higher number..............................

m²
kg
..................

10.5%2/

5208.13.00

00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill (317)...

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

7.9%2/

16.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

21.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

32.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

18.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-17

2

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Unbleached: (con.)

Other fabrics:

Satin weave or twill weave......................................

..................

7.9%2/

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other:

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

7%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

9%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

10.5%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

18.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

16.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

21.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

32.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

5208.19
5208.19.20

5208.19.40

5208.19.60

5208.19.80

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Bleached:

5208.21
5208.21.20

Plain weave, weighing not more than 100 g/m²:

Of number 42 or lower number...............................

..................

8.4%2/

5208.21.40

5208.21.60

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of numbers 43 to 68................................................

m²
kg
..................

10.2%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

Printcloth (315)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of number 69 or higher number..............................

m²
kg
..................

11.5%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

m²
kg

m²
kg

19.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-19

2

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Bleached: (con.)

Plain weave, weighing more than 100 g/m²:

Of number 42 or lower number...............................

..................

8.4%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of numbers 43 to 68................................................

m²
kg
..................

8.7%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

Printcloth (315)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of number 69 or higher number..............................

m²
kg
..................

11.5%2/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

5208.22
5208.22.40

5208.22.60

5208.22.80

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

5208.23.00

00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill (317)...

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

9.1%2/

19.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

21.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
52-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

5208.29
5208.29.20

5208.29.40

5208.29.60

5208.29.80

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Bleached: (con.)

Other fabrics:

Satin weave or twill weave......................................

..................

7.7%2/

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other:

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

8.4%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

10.2%2/

13.5%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

21.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

19.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-21

2

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Dyed:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

5208.31
5208.31.20

00

Plain weave, weighing not more than 100 g/m²:

Certified hand-loomed fabrics.................................

m²..............
kg

3%2/

5208.31.40

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

8.1%2/

Other:

5208.31.60

5208.31.80

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).......................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

m²
kg
..................

9.7%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Printcloth (315)............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).......................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg
..................

12.5%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

38.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

27.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

38.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Dyed: (con.)

5208.32
5208.32.10

00

Plain weave, weighing more than 100 g/m²:

Certified hand-loomed fabrics.................................

m²..............
kg

3%2/

5208.32.30

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

7%2/

Other:

38.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

27.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

38.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5208.32.40

5208.32.50

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).......................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

m²
kg
..................

9.7%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Printcloth (315)............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).......................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg
..................

12.5%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

m²
kg

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

5208.33.00

00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill (317)...

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

10.3%2/

24.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-23

2

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Dyed: (con.)

Other fabrics:

Satin weave or twill weave......................................

..................

8.8%2/

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other:

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

7%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

9.7%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12.5%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

24.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

27.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

38.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

5208.39
5208.39.20

5208.39.40

5208.39.60

5208.39.80

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

5208.41
5208.41.20

00

Plain weave, weighing not more than 100 g/m²:

Certified hand-loomed fabrics.................................

5208.41.40

00

Of number 42 or lower number (218)..............

Other:

5208.41.60

00

Of numbers 43 to 68 (218)...............................

5208.41.80

00

Of number 69 or higher number (218)............

5208.42
5208.42.10

00

Plain weave, weighing more than 100 g/m²:

Certified hand-loomed fabrics.................................

5208.42.30

00

Of number 42 or lower number (218)..............

Other:

5208.42.40

00

Of numbers 43 to 68 (218)...............................

5208.42.50

00

Of number 69 or higher number (218)............

5208.43.00

00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill (218)...

m²..............
kg

3%2/

m²..............
kg

8.1%2/

m²..............
kg

11.4%2/

m²..............
kg

14.7%2/

m²..............
kg

3%2/

m²..............
kg

8.1%2/

m²..............
kg

11.4%2/

m²..............
kg

14.7%2/

m²..............
kg

Free2/

38.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

22.9%

27.7%

38.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

38.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.9%

27.7%

38.5%

24.7%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-25

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

5208.49
5208.49.20

00

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors: (con.)

Other fabrics:

Satin weave or twill weave (218)............................

m²..............
kg

Free2/

Other:

5208.49.40

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

8.1%2/

5208.49.60

5208.49.80

10

20

90

10

20

30

90

20

90

Oxford cloth (218).......................................

Jacquard woven (220)...............................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (218)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

m²
kg
..................

9.7%2/

Oxford cloth (218).......................................

Jacquard woven:

Of a width exceeding 127 cm (220)....

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (220)...........................................

Other (218)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

14.7%2/

Jacquard woven (220)...............................

Other (218)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

24.7%

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

27.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

38.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Printed:

5208.51
5208.51.20

00

Plain weave, weighing not more than 100 g/m²:

Certified hand-loomed fabrics.................................

m²..............
kg

3%2/

5208.51.40

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

8.1%2/

Other:

5208.51.60

5208.51.80

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).......................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

m²
kg
..................

11.4%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Printcloth (315)............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).......................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg
..................

12.5%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

38.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

27.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

38.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-27

2

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Printed: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

5208.52
5208.52.10

00

Plain weave, weighing more than 100 g/m²:

Certified hand-loomed fabrics.................................

m²..............
kg

3%2/

5208.52.30

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

6%2/

Other:

20

35

45

90

20

35

45

55

65

90

20

90

5208.52.40

5208.52.50

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting:

Discharge printed (313).......................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (313)...........................................

Cheesecloth (226).......................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

11.4%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting:

Discharge printed (313).......................

Other (313)...........................................

Printcloth:

Discharge printed (315).......................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (315)...........................................

Cheesecloth (226).......................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

12.5%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Cheesecloth; lawns,voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

38.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

27.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

38.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
52-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5208 (con.)

5208.59
5208.59.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Printed: (con.)

Other fabrics:

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill
(317)...........................................................................

m²..............
kg

8.8%2/

5208.59.20

Satin weave or twill weave, other than 3-thread or
4-thread twill or cross twill.......................................

..................

10.3%2/

15

25

85

95

20

90

20

90

20

90

5208.59.40

5208.59.60

5208.59.80

Sateens:

Discharge printed (326).............................

Other (326)..................................................

Other:

Discharge printed (317).............................

Other (317)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other:

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

6%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

9.7%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

11.4%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

24.7%

24.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

27.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

38.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-29

2

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing more than 200 g/m²:

Unbleached:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5209

5209.11.00

Plain weave......................................................................

..................

6.5%2/

20

25

35

50

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314).......................................

Sheeting:

Not napped:

Osnaburg (313)...........................................

Other (313)..................................................

Napped (313).....................................................

Plain weave duck (219)...........................................

5209.12.00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill.............

20

40

Not napped (317).....................................................

Napped (317)............................................................

5209.19.00

Other fabrics....................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

6.5%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

6.5%2/

20

40

60

90

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

14.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

14.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

14.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5209 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Bleached:

5209.21.00

Plain weave......................................................................

..................

7.7%2/

20

25

35

50

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314).......................................

Sheeting:

Not napped:

Osnaburg (313)...........................................

Other (313)..................................................

Napped (313).....................................................

Plain weave duck (219)...........................................

5209.22.00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill.............

20

40

Not napped (317).....................................................

Napped (317)............................................................

5209.29.00

Other fabrics....................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

7.7%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.7%2/

20

40

60

90

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

17.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

17.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

17.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5209 (con.)

5209.31
5209.31.30

00

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Dyed:

Plain weave:

Certified hand-loomed fabrics.................................

m²..............
kg

3%2/

20.9%

20.9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5209.31.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.4%2/

20

25

35

50

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting:

Not napped:

Osnaburg (313)....................................

Other (313)...........................................

Napped (313)..............................................

Plain weave duck (219)....................................

5209.32.00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill.............

20

40

Not napped (317).....................................................

Napped (317)............................................................

5209.39.00

Other fabrics....................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

8.4%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.4%2/

20

40

60

80

90

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other:

Of a width exceeding 127 cm (220)................

Other (220).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

Plain weave:

Certified hand-loomed fabrics.................................

m²..............
kg

3%2/

XI
52-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5209 (con.)

5209.41
5209.41.30

00

20

40

60

80

30

50

5209.43.00

5209.41.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.5%2/

20

40

Not napped (218)...............................................

Napped (218).....................................................

5209.42.00

Denim................................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.4%2/

Blue denim:

Weighing not more than 360 g/m² (225).........

Weighing more than 360 g/m²(225)................

Other denim:

Weighing not more than 360 g/m² (218).........

Weighing more than 360 g/m² (218)...............

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other fabrics of 3-thread or 4-thread twill, including
cross twill..........................................................................

..................

8.4%2/

Not napped (218).....................................................

Napped (218)............................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.4%2/

5209.49.00

Other fabrics....................................................................

20

40

90

Jacquard woven:

Of a width exceeding 127 cm (220)................

Other (220).........................................................

Other (218)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

20.9%

20.9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-33

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5209 (con.)

5209.51
5209.51.30

00

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton, weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Printed:

Plain weave:

Certified hand-loomed fabrics.................................

m²..............
kg

3%2/

20.9%

20.9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5209.51.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.4%2/

15

25

32

35

50

90

Poplin or broadcloth:

Discharge printed (314).............................

Other (314)..................................................

Sheeting:

Not napped:

Discharge printed (313).......................

Other (313)...........................................

Napped (313)..............................................

Plain weave duck (219)....................................

5209.52.00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill.............

20

40

Not napped (317).....................................................

Napped (317)............................................................

5209.59.00

Other fabrics....................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

8.4%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.4%2/

15

25

40

60

90

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens:

Discharge printed (326).............................

Other (326)..................................................

Other (317).........................................................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

XI
52-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210

5210.11
5210.11.40

5210.11.60

5210.11.80

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²:

Unbleached:

Plain weave:

Of number 42 or lower number...............................

..................

8.4%5/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of numbers 43 to 68................................................

m²
kg
..................

10.2%5/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

Printcloth (315)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of number 69 or higher number..............................

m²
kg
..................

13.5%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

m²
kg

m²
kg

21.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

26.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-35

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210 (con.)

5210.19
5210.19.10

00

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Unbleached: (con.)

Other fabrics:

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill
(317)...........................................................................

m²..............
kg

9.1%

5210.19.20

Satin weave or twill weave, other than 3-thread or
4-thread twill or cross twill.......................................

..................

9.1%2/

5210.19.40

5210.19.60

5210.19.80

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other:

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

8.4%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.7%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

10.2%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

23.7%

23.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

21.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

26.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
52-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210 (con.)

5210.21
5210.21.40

5210.21.60

5210.21.80

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Bleached:

Plain weave:

Of number 42 or lower number...............................

..................

8.1%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of numbers 43 to 68................................................

m²
kg
..................

11.4%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

Printcloth (315)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of number 69 or higher number..............................

m²
kg
..................

12.5%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

m²
kg

m²
kg

24.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

29.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-37

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210 (con.)

5210.29
5210.29.10

00

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Bleached: (con.)

Other fabrics:

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill
(317)...........................................................................

m²..............
kg

10.3%2/

5210.29.20

Satin weave or twill weave, other than 3-thread or
4-thread twill or cross twill.......................................

..................

10.3%2/

5210.29.40

5210.29.60

5210.29.80

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other:

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

8.1%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

11.4%2/

14.7%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

26.7%

26.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

29.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
52-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210 (con.)

5210.31
5210.31.40

5210.31.60

5210.31.80

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Dyed:

Plain weave:

Of number 42 or lower number...............................

..................

10%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of numbers 43 to 68................................................

m²
kg
..................

12.2%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

Printcloth (315)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of number 69 or higher number..............................

m²
kg
..................

15.5%2/

5210.32.00

00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill (317)...

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

10%2/

27.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

32.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

43.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

29.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-39

2

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Dyed: (con.)

Other fabrics:

Satin weave or twill weave......................................

..................

10%2/

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other:

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

8.8%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12.2%2/

12.4%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

29.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

27.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

32.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

43.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210 (con.)

5210.39
5210.39.20

5210.39.40

5210.39.60

5210.39.80

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

XI
52-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210 (con.)

5210.41
5210.41.40

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

Plain weave:

Of number 42 or lower number (218).....................

m²..............
kg

10%2/

5210.41.60

00

Of numbers 43 to 68 (218)......................................

5210.41.80

00

Of number 69 or higher number (218)...................

m²..............
kg

12.2%2/

m²..............
kg

15.5%2/

27.9%

32.7%

43.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-41

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210 (con.)

5210.49
5210.49.10

00

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)
Of yarns of different colors: (con.)

Other fabrics:

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill
(218)...........................................................................

5210.49.20

00

Satin weave or twill weave, other than 3-thread or
4-thread twill or cross twill (218).............................

m²..............
kg

10%2/

m²..............
kg

10%2/

5210.49.40

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

10%2/

Other:

5210.49.60

5210.49.80

10

20

90

10

20

90

20

90

Oxford cloth (218).......................................

Jacquard woven (220)...............................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (218)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

m²
kg
..................

10.4%2/

Oxford cloth (218).......................................

Jacquard woven (220)...............................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (218)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg
..................

15.5%2/

Jacquard woven (220)...............................

Other (218)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

29.7%

29.7%

27.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

32.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

43.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
52-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210 (con.)

5210.51
5210.51.40

5210.51.60

5210.51.80

20

40

90

20

40

60

90

20

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Printed:

Plain weave:

Of number 42 or lower number...............................

..................

10%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of numbers 43 to 68................................................

m²
kg
..................

12.2%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Sheeting (313)...................................................

Printcloth (315)...................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Cheesecloth (226).............................................

Of number 69 or higher number..............................

m²
kg
..................

15.5%2/

Poplin or broadcloth (314)................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

m²
kg

m²
kg

27.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

32.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

43.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-43

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5210 (con.)

5210.59
5210.59.10

00

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Printed: (con.)

Other fabrics:

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill
(317)...........................................................................

m²..............
kg

10%2/

5210.59.20

Satin weave or twill weave, other than 3-thread or
4-thread twill or cross twill.......................................

..................

10%2/

5210.59.40

5210.59.60

5210.59.80

20

90

20

90

20

90

20

90

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other:

Of number 42 or lower number........................

..................

8.8%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of numbers 43 to 68..........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

Of number 69 or higher number.......................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

10.4%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.8%2/

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

29.7%

29.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

27.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

32.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

43.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
52-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5211

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing more than 200 g/m²:

Unbleached:

5211.11.00

Plain weave......................................................................

..................

7.7%2/

20

25

35

50

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314).......................................

Sheeting:

Not napped:

Osnaburg (313)...........................................

Other (313)..................................................

Napped (313).....................................................

Plain weave duck (219)...........................................

5211.12.00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill.............

20

40

Not napped (317).....................................................

Napped (317)............................................................

5211.19.00

Other fabrics....................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

7.7%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.7%2/

20

40

60

90

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

19.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

19.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

19.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-45

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5211 (con.)

5211.20
5211.20.21

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Bleached:

Plain weave......................................................................

..................

8.4%2/

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

25

35

50

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314).......................................

Sheeting:

Not napped:

Osnaburg (313)...........................................

Other (313)..................................................

Napped (313).....................................................

Plain weave duck (219)...........................................

5211.20.22

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill.............

20

40

Not napped (317).....................................................

Napped (317)............................................................

5211.20.29

Other fabrics....................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

8.4%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.4%2/

20

40

60

90

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

XI
52-46

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5211 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Dyed:

5211.31.00

Plain weave......................................................................

..................

8.1%2/

20

25

35

50

90

Poplin or broadcloth (314).......................................

Sheeting:

Not napped

Osnaburg (313)...........................................

Other (313)..................................................

Napped (313).....................................................

Plain weave duck (219)...........................................

5211.32.00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill.............

20

40

Not napped (317).....................................................

Napped (317)............................................................

5211.39.00

Other fabrics....................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

8.1%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.1%2/

20

40

60

90

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).....................................................

Other (317).........................................................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

25.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5211 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-47

2

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)
Of yarns of different colors:

5211.41.00

Plain weave......................................................................

..................

8.1%2/

20

40

Not napped (218).....................................................

Napped (218)............................................................

5211.42.00

Denim................................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.1%2/

25.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

40

60

80

30

50

5211.43.00

Blue denim:

Weighing not more than 360 g/m² (225).........

Weighing more than 360 g/m² (225)...............

Other denim:

Weighing not more than 360 g/m² (218).........

Weighing more than 360 g/m² (218)...............

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other fabrics of 3-thread or 4-thread twill, including
cross twill..........................................................................

..................

8.1%2/

Not napped (218).....................................................

Napped (218)............................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.1%2/

5211.49.00

Other fabrics....................................................................

20

90

Jacquard woven (220).............................................

Other (218)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
52-48

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5211 (con.)

5211.51.00

20

30

50

90

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of cotton, mixed mainly or solely with man-made fibers,
weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Printed:

Plain weave......................................................................
Poplin or broadcloth (314).......................................

Sheeting:

Not napped (313)...............................................

Napped (313).....................................................

Plain weave duck (219)...........................................

5211.52.00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill.............

20

40

Not napped (317).....................................................

Napped (317)............................................................

5211.59.00

Other fabrics....................................................................

15

25

40

60

90

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens:

Discharge printed (326).............................

Other (326)..................................................

Other (317).........................................................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

Free2/

..................
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

8.1%2/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.1%2/

25.9%

25.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5212

Other woven fabrics of cotton:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-49

2

5212.11
5212.11.10

5212.11.60

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

Weighing not more than 200 g/m²:

Unbleached:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

16.5%2/

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.8%2/

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Printcloth (315)............................................

Cheesecloth; lawns,voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).......................................

Other (317)...........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-50

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5212 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of cotton: (con.)

5212.12
5212.12.10

Weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Bleached:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

16.5%2/

5212.12.60

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.8%2/

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Printcloth (315)............................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).......................................

Other (317)...........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5212 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of cotton: (con.)

Weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-51

2

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5212.13
5212.13.10

Dyed:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

16.5%2/

5212.13.60

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.8%2/

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Printcloth (315)............................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).......................................

Other (317)...........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-52

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5212 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of cotton: (con.)

5212.14
5212.14.10

Weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

16.5%2/

5212.14.60

10

20

10

20

30

90

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.8%2/

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Jacquard woven

Of a width exceeding 127 cm (220)....

Other (220)...........................................

Other (218)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
52-53

2

68.5%

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5212 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of cotton: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

5212.15
5212.15.10

5212.15.60

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

Weighing not more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Printed:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................
Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

..................
m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

Free2/

7.8%2/

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Printcloth (315)............................................

Cheesecloth; lawns,voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).......................................

Other (317)...........................................

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

XI
52-54

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5212 (con.)

5212.21
5212.21.10

5212.21.60

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other woven fabrics of cotton: (con.)
Weighing more than 200 g/m²:

Unbleached:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

16.5%2/

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.8%2/

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Duck (219)...................................................

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).......................................

Other (317)...........................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5212 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of cotton: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-55

2

5212.22
5212.22.10

5212.22.60

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

Bleached:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

16.5%2/

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.8%2/

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Duck (219)...................................................

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).......................................

Other (317)...........................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
52-56

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5212 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of cotton: (con.)

Weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)

5212.23
5212.23.10

Dyed:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

16.5%2/

5212.23.60

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.8%2/

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Duck (219)...................................................

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).......................................

Other (317)...........................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5212 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of cotton: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
52-57

2

5212.24
5212.24.10

5212.24.60

5212.25
5212.25.10

5212.25.60

10

20

10

20

30

40

90

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Weighing more than 200 g/m²: (con.)
Of yarns of different colors:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

16.5%2/

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

7.8%2/

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Blue denim (225).........................................

Jacquard woven:

Of a width exceeding 127 cm (220)....

Other (220)...........................................

Other (218)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

Printed:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................
Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................
Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (220)............................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Duck (219)...................................................

Satin weave or twill weave:

Sateens (326).......................................

Other (317)...........................................

Other (220)..................................................

..................
m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

Free2/

Free2/

68.5%

40%

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 52 - 58
1/ See 9903.52.00 through 9903.52.26 and 9904.52.01 through 9904.52.34.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.52.00 through 9903.52.26 and 9904.52.35 through 9904.52.50.
4/ See 9903.90.08.
5/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 53

OTHER VEGETABLE TEXTILE FIBERS; PAPER YARN
AND WOVEN FABRICS OF PAPER YARN

XI
53-1

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of the woven fabrics of chapter 53:

(a) Unless the context otherwise requires, provisions relating to one or more weaves embrace only those fabrics which (excluding

selvage) are wholly of the specified weave or weaves, including combinations exclusively thereof.

(b) The term "poplin or broadcloth" means plain weave fabrics, not of square construction, whether or not napped, but does not

include the following types:

(i)

Fabrics weighing not more than 200 grams per square meter, containing 33 or less warp ends and filling picks per square
centimeter; and

(ii) Fabrics weighing more than 200 grams per square meter, of average yarn number 26 or lower number.

(c) The term "sheeting" means plain weave fabrics, whether or not napped, of the following types:

(i)

Fabrics weighing not more than 200 grams per square meter, of square construction, containing more than 33 warp
ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of average yarn number 68 or lower number, but not including printcloth;
and

(ii) Fabrics weighing more than 200 grams per square meter, but does not include:

(A) Fabrics of which the warp or filling consists of multiple (folded) or cabled yarns, of average yarn number 26 or lower

number; and

(B) Fabrics of average yarn number 27 or higher number, not of square construction.

(d) The term "printcloth" means plain weave fabrics, weighing not more than 200 grams per square meter, of average yarn

numbers 43-68, containing more than 33 singles yarns per square centimeter and not containing multiple (folded) or cabled
yarns, of square construction, not combed, whether or not napped.

(e) The term "square construction" means fabrics of the following types:

(i) Containing less than 79 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of which the difference between the total

count of warp ends per centimeter and the total count of filling picks per centimeter is less than 11; or

(ii) Containing 79 or more warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of which the total count of warp ends per

centimeter and the total count of filling picks per centimeter are each less than 57 percent of the total count per square
centimeter of such warp ends and filling picks.

(f) The term "napped" means fabrics with a fuzzy, fibrous surface produced by scratching or pricking the surface so that some
of the fibers are raised from the body of the yarn. Napped fabrics are not to be confused with pile fabrics. Outing and canton
flannel, moleskin, etc., are typical fabrics with a nap.

(g) The term "not combed" means fabrics wholly or in part of uncombed cotton, other vegetable textile fibers or wool or fine

animal hair.

(h) The term "combed" means fabrics containing cotton, other vegetable textile fibers or wool or fine animal hair, in which such

fibers are combed, whether or not containing other fibers.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
53-2
Statistical Note (con.)

(ij) The term " number ," as applied to woven fabrics of chapter 53, means the average yarn number of the yarns contained therein.
In computing the average yarn number, the length of the yarn is considered to be equal to the distance covered by it in the fabric
in the condition as imported, with all clipped yarn being measured as if continuous and with the count being taken of the total
single yarns in the fabric including the single yarns in any multiple (folded) or cabled yarns. The weight shall be taken after any
excessive sizing is removed by boiling or other suitable process. Any one of the following formulas can be used to determine
the average yarn number--

N = BYT/1,000, 100T/Z', BT/Z or ST/10

when:

N is the average yarn number,
B is the breadth (width) of the fabric in centimeters,
Y is the meters (linear) of the fabric per kilogram,
T is the total single yarns per square centimeter,
S is the square meters of fabric per kilogram,
Z is the grams per linear meter of fabric, and
Z' is the grams per square meter of fabric.

Fractions in the resulting "number" shall be disregarded.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
53-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5301

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flax, raw or processed but not spun; flax tow and waste
(including yarn waste and garnetted stock):

5301.10.00

00

Flax, raw or retted..................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Flax, broken, scutched, hackled or otherwise processed,
but not spun:

5301.21.00

00

Broken or scutched.........................................................

kg..............

0.2¢/kg1/

5301.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.8%1/

5301.30.00

00

Flax tow and waste................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5302

True hemp (Cannabis sativa L.), raw or processed but not
spun; tow and waste of true hemp (including yarn waste and
garnetted stock):

5302.10.00

00

True hemp, raw or retted.......................................................

kg..............

5302.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

5303

Jute and other textile bast fibers (excluding flax, true hemp
and ramie), raw or processed but not spun; tow and waste of
these fibers (including yarn waste and garnetted stock):

5303.10.00

00

Jute and other textile bast fibers, raw or retted..................

kg..............

5303.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

5305.00.00

00

Coconut, abaca (Manila hemp or Musa textilis Nee), ramie and
other vegetable textile fibers, not elsewhere specified or
included, raw or processed but not spun; tow, noils and waste
of these fibers (including yarn waste and garnetted stock)......

kg..............

Free1/

5306
5306.10.00

Flax yarn:

00

Single (800)............................................................................

kg..............

5306.20.00

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled (800)..........................................

kg..............

5307
5307.10.00

Yarn of jute or of other textile bast fibers of heading 5303:

00

Single.......................................................................................

kg..............

5307.20.00

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled....................................................

kg..............

5308
5308.10.00

Yarn of other vegetable textile fibers; paper yarn:

00

Coir yarn..................................................................................

kg..............

5308.20.00

00

True hemp yarn (800)............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

5308.90
5308.90.10

00

Other:

Paper yarn........................................................................

kg..............

2.7%1/

5308.90.90

00

Other (800).......................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

0.3¢/kg

3.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

20%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free

4.4¢/kg

Free

Free

Free

Free

35%

40%

15%

25%

Free

35%

35%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
53-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5309

Woven fabrics of flax:

Article Description

5309.11.00

5309.19.00

10

90

10

90

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of flax:

Unbleached or bleached................................................
Of a width exceeding 127 cm (810).......................

Other (810)................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Of a width exceeding 127 cm (810).......................

Other (810)................................................................

5309.21
5309.21.20

00

Containing less than 85 percent by weight of flax:

Unbleached or bleached:

Containing more than 17 percent by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (410)...........................................

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Free1/

Free1/

40%

40%

Unit
of
Quantity

..................
m²
kg

m²
kg
..................
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²..............
kg

14.5%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

78%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5309.21.30

Containing cotton and man-made fibers.........

..................

6.9%1/

Other:

05

10

15

20

55

60

65

70

90

10

90

5309.21.40

Subject to cotton restraints:

Poplin or broadcloth (314)...................

Sheeting (313)......................................

Printcloth (315).....................................

Other (220)...........................................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints:

Poplin or broadcloth (614)...................

Sheeting (613)......................................

Printcloth (615).....................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (220)...........................................

Other (810)..................................................

Other...................................................................
Of a width exceeding 127 cm (810)..........

Other (810)..................................................

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................
m²
kg

m²
kg

Free1/

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
53-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5309 (con.)

Woven fabrics of flax: (con.)

5309.29
5309.29.20

00

Containing less than 85 percent by weight of flax: (con.)

Other:

Containing more than 17 percent by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (410)...........................................

m²..............
kg

14.5%1/

5309.29.30

Containing cotton and man-made fibers.........

..................

Free1/

Other:

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

78%

Subject to cotton restraints:

Poplin or broadcloth (314)...................

Sheeting (313)......................................

Printcloth (315).....................................

Other (220)...........................................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints:

Poplin or broadcloth (614)...................

Sheeting (613)......................................

Printcloth (615).....................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

05

10

15

20

55

60

65

70

90

10

90

20

40

60

5309.29.40

5310

5310.10.00

Other (220)...........................................

Other (810)..................................................

Other...................................................................
Of a width exceeding 127 cm (810)..........

Other (810)..................................................

Woven fabrics of jute or of other textile bast fibers of heading
5303:

Unbleached.............................................................................
Not over 130 cm in width................................................

Over 130 cm but not over 250 cm in width...................

Over 250 cm in width......................................................

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................
m²
kg

m²
kg

Free1/

Free1/

..................
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

Free1/

40%

40%

11.5%

5310.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
53-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5311.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of other vegetable textile fibers; woven fabrics
of paper yarn:

Of vegetable textile fibers:

5311.00.20

00

Containing more than 17 percent by weight of wool or
fine animal hair (410)......................................................

m²..............
kg

14.5%1/

5311.00.30

Containing cotton and man-made fibers................

..................

Free1/

Other:

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

78%

05

10

15

20

55

60

65

70

90

10

20

5311.00.40

Subject to cotton restraints:

Poplin or broadcloth (314).........................

Sheeting (313).............................................

Printcloth (315)............................................

Other (220)..................................................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints:

Poplin or broadcloth (614).........................

Sheeting (613).............................................

Printcloth (615)............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (220)..................................................

Other (810).........................................................

Other..........................................................................
Of true hemp fibers (810).................................

Other (810).........................................................

5311.00.60

00

Of paper yarn..........................................................................

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................
m²
kg

m²
kg
kg..............

Free1/

2.7%1/

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 53 - 7

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

MAN-MADE FILAMENTS; STRIP AND THE LIKE OF MAN-MADE TEXTILE MATERIALS

CHAPTER 54

XI
54-1

Notes

1.

Throughout the tariff schedule, the term "man-made fibers" means staple fibers and filaments of organic polymers produced by
manufacturing processes, either:

(a) By polymerization of organic monomers to produce polymers such as polyamides, polyesters, polyolefins or polyurethanes,
or by chemical modification of polymers produced by this process (for example, poly(vinyl alcohol) prepared by the hydrolysis
of poly(vinyl acetate)); or

(b) By dissolution or chemical treatment of natural organic polymers (for example, cellulose) to produce polymers such as
cuprammonium rayon (cupro) or viscose rayon, or by chemical modification of natural organic polymers (for example,
cellulose, casein and other proteins, or alginic acid), to produce polymers such as cellulose acetate or alginates.

The terms "synthetic" and "artificial", used in relation to fibers, mean: synthetic: fibers as defined at (a); artificial: fibers as defined
at (b). Strip and the like of heading 5404 or 5405 are not considered to be man-made fibers.

The terms "man-made", "synthetic" and "artificial" shall have the same meanings when used in relation to "textile materials".

2. Headings 5402 and 5403 do not apply to synthetic or artificial filament tow of chapter 55.

Statistical Notes

1.

For the purposes of the woven fabrics of chapter 54:

(a) Unless the context otherwise requires, provisions relating to one or more weaves embrace only those fabrics which (excluding

selvage) are wholly of the specified weave or weaves, including combinations exclusively thereof.

(b) The term "flat fabrics" means fabrics not containing yarns twisted more than 472 turns per meter.

(c) The term "poplin or broadcloth" means plain weave fabrics, not of square construction, whether or not napped, but does not

include the following types:

(i)

Fabrics weighing not more than 170 grams per square meter, containing 33 or less warp ends and filling picks per square
centimeter; and

(ii) Fabrics weighing more than 170 grams per square meter, of average yarn number 26 or lower number.

(d) The term "sheeting" means plain weave fabrics, whether or not napped, of the following types:

(i)

Fabrics weighing not more than 170 grams per square meter, of square construction, containing more than 33 warp
ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of average yarn number 68 or lower number, but not including printcloth;
and

(ii) Fabrics weighing more than 170 grams per square meter, but does not include:

(A) Fabrics of which the warp or filling consists of multiple (folded) or cabled yarns, of average yarn number 26 or lower

number; and

(B) Fabrics of average yarn number 27 or higher number, not of square construction.

(e) The term "printcloth" means plain weave fabrics, weighing not more than 170 grams per square meter, of average yarn

numbers 43-68, containing more than 33 singles yarns per square centimeter and not containing multiple (folded) or cabled
yarns, of square construction, whether or not napped, of the following types:

(i)

Fabrics, not combed; and

(ii) Other fabrics, measuring less than 168 cm in width.

(f) The term "square construction" means fabrics of the following types:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
54-2
Statistical Notes (con.)

(i) Containing less than 79 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of which the difference between the total

count of warp ends per centimeter and the total count of filling picks per centimeter is less than 11; or

(ii) Containing 79 or more warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of which the total count of warp ends per

centimeter and the total count of filling picks per centimeter are each less than 57 percent of the total count per square
centimeter of such warp ends and filling picks.

(g) The term "napped" means fabrics with a fuzzy, fibrous surface produced by scratching or pricking the surface so that some
of the fibers are raised from the body of the yarn. Napped fabrics are not to be confused with pile fabrics. Outing and canton
flannel, moleskin, etc., are typical fabrics with a nap.

(h) The term "not combed" means fabrics in part of uncombed cotton, other vegetable textile fibers or wool or fine animal hair.

(ij) The term "combed" means fabrics containing cotton, other vegetable textile fibers or wool or fine animal hair, in which such

fibers are combed.

(k) The term " number ," as applied to woven fabrics of man-made fibers, means the average yarn number of the yarns contained
therein. In computing the average yarn number, the length of the yarn is considered to be equal to the distance covered by
it in the fabric in the condition as imported, with all clipped yarn being measured as if continuous and with the count being
taken of the total single yarns in the fabric including the single yarns in any multiple (folded) or cabled yarns. The weight
shall be taken after any excessive sizing is removed by boiling or other suitable process. Any one of the following formulas
can be used to determine the average yarn number--

N = BYT/1000, 100T/Z', BT/Z or ST/10

when:

N is the average yarn number,
B is the breadth (width) of the fabric in centimeters,
Y is the meters (linear) of the fabric per kilogram,
T is the total single yarns per square centimeter,
S is the square meters of fabric per kilogram,
Z is the grams per linear meter of fabric, and
Z' is the grams per square meter of fabric.

Fractions in the resulting "number" shall be disregarded.

2.

The term "discharge printed" fabrics refers to fabrics which have been:

(a) Dyed, not tinted, a single uniform color other than white;

(b) Further processed using a method whereby chlorine or other color-destroying chemicals are applied to discrete portions of
the dyed fabric to bleach out or discharge the dye and printed in those discrete portions thereby yielding a different colored
pattern on the previously dyed ground; and

(c) Subjected to two or more of the following finishing operations: bleaching, shrinking, filling, napping, decating, permanent

stiffening, weighting, permanent embossing or moireing.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
54-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5401

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sewing thread of man-made filaments, whether or not put up
for retail sale:

5401.10.00

00

Of synthetic filaments (200)..................................................

kg..............

11.4%1/

5401.20.00

00

Of artificial filaments (200)....................................................

kg..............

11.4%1/

5402

5402.11
5402.11.30

10

30

50

70

5402.11.60

00

5402.19
5402.19.30

10

30

50

70

5402.19.60

00

Synthetic filament yarn (other than sewing thread), not put up
for retail sale, including synthetic monofilament of less than
67 decitex:

High tenacity yarn of nylon or other polyamides, whether
or not textured:
Of aramids:

Single yarn.................................................................

..................

8.8%1/

Not more than 920 decitex:

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or
with twist of less than 5 turns per meter....

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more
per meter (606)...........................................

kg

kg

More than 920 decitex:

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or
with twist of less than 5 turns per meter....

kg

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more
per meter (606)...........................................
Multiple (folded) or cabled (606).............................

kg
kg..............

8%1/

Other:

Single yarn.................................................................

..................

8.8%1/

Not more than 920 decitex:

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or
with twist of less than 5 turns per meter....

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more
per meter (606)...........................................

kg

kg

More than 920 decitex:

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or
with twist of less than 5 turns per meter....

kg

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more
per meter (606)...........................................
Multiple (folded) or cabled (606).............................

kg
kg..............

8%1/

55%

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
54-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5402 (con.)

5402.20
5402.20.30

10

30

50

70

5402.20.60

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Synthetic filament yarn (other than sewing thread), not put up
for retail sale, including synthetic monofilament of less than
67 decitex: (con.)

High tenacity yarn of polyesters, whether or not textured:
Single yarn.......................................................................

..................

8.8%1/

Not more than 920 decitex:

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with
twist of less than 5 turns per meter..................

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more per
meter (606).........................................................

More than 920 decitex:

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with
twist of less than 5 turns per meter..................

kg

kg

kg

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more per
meter (606).........................................................
Multiple (folded) or cabled (606)...................................

kg
kg..............

7.5%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5402 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
54-5

Synthetic filament yarn (other than sewing thread), not put up
for retail sale, including synthetic monofilament of less than
67 decitex: (con.)

Textured yarn:

5402.31

Of nylon or other polyamides, measuring per single
yarn not more than 500 decitex:

5402.31.30

00

Single yarn (600)......................................................

kg..............

8.8%1/

5402.31.60

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (600)....................

kg..............

8%1/

5402.32

Of nylon or other polyamides, measuring per single
yarn more than 500 decitex:

5402.32.30

00

Single yarn (600)......................................................

kg..............

8%1/

5402.32.60

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (600)....................

kg..............

8%1/

5402.33
5402.33.30

00

Of polyesters:

Single yarn (600)......................................................

kg..............

8.8%1/

5402.33.60

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (600)....................

kg..............

8%1/

5402.34
5402.34.30

00

Of polypropylene:

Single yarn (600)......................................................

kg..............

8.8%1/

5402.34.60

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (600)....................

kg..............

8%1/

5402.39
5402.39.31

5402.39.61

10

90

10

90

Other:

Single yarn.................................................................

..................

8.8%1/

Of polyethylene (600)........................................

kg

Other (600).........................................................
Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn..............................

kg
..................

8%1/

Of polyethylene (600)........................................

Other (600).........................................................

kg

kg

50%

55%

50%

55%

50%

55%

50%

55%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
54-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5402 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Synthetic filament yarn (other than sewing thread), not put up
for retail sale, including synthetic monofilament of less than
67 decitex: (con.)

Other yarn, single, untwisted or with a twist not exceeding
50 turns/m:

5402.44.00

Elastomeric......................................................................

..................

8%1/

05

40

00

5402.45
5402.45.10

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with twist
of less than 5 turns per meter..................................

Other..........................................................................

Other, of nylon or other polyamides:

Colored multifilament, untwisted or with a twist of
less than 5 turns per meter, measuring not less
than 22 decitex per filament, certified by the
importer to be used in the manufacture of wigs for
dolls............................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

5402.45.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

8%1/

10

30
40

5402.46.00

00

5402.47
5402.47.10

5402.47.90

20

40

20

40

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with
twist of less than 5 turns per meter:

Multifilament, partially oriented..................

Other.............................................................
Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more per
meter (606).........................................................
Other, of polyesters, partially oriented..........................

kg

kg

kg
kg..............

8.8%1/

Other, of polyesters:

Wholly of polyester, measuring not less than
75 decitex but not more than 80 decitex, and
having 24 filaments per yarn...................................

..................

8%1/

Untwisted or with twist of less than 5 turns per
meter...................................................................

kg

With twist of 5 turns or more per meter
(606)....................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

8%1/

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with
twist of less than 5 turns per meter..................

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more per
meter (606).........................................................

kg

kg

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5402 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
54-7

Synthetic filament yarn (other than sewing thread), not put up
for retail sale, including synthetic monofilament of less than
67 decitex: (con.)

Other yarn, single, untwisted or with a twist not exceeding
50 turns/m: (con.)

5402.48.00

Other, of polypropylene..................................................

..................

8%1/

10

70

00

5402.49
5402.49.11

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with twist
of less than 5 turns per meter..................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Colored multifilament, of modacrylic, untwisted or
with a twist of less than 5 turns per meter,
measuring not less than 22 decitex per filament,
certified by the importer to be used in the
manufacture of wigs for dolls..................................

kg..............

Free1/

5402.49.91

Other..........................................................................

..................

8%1/

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with
twist of less than 5 turns per meter:

Of polyethylene...........................................

Other.............................................................
Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more per
meter:

Of polyethylene (606).................................

Other (606)..................................................

Other yarn, single, with a twist exceeding 50 turns/m:

kg

kg

kg

kg

15

40

75

80

5402.51.00

00

Of nylon or other polyamides (606)...............................

kg..............

8.8%1/

5402.52
5402.52.10

00

Of polyesters:

Wholly of polyester, measuring not less than
75 decitex but not more than 80 decitex, and
having 24 filaments per yarn (606).........................

kg..............

8.8%1/

5402.52.90

00

Other (606)................................................................

kg..............

8.8%1/

5402.53.00

00

Of polypropylene (606)...................................................

kg..............

5402.59.01

00

Other (606).......................................................................

kg..............

8%1/

8%1/

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
54-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5402 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Synthetic filament yarn (other than sewing thread), not put up
for retail sale, including synthetic monofilament of less than
67 decitex: (con.)

Other yarn, multiple (folded) or cabled:

5402.61.00

00

Of nylon or other polyamides (606)...............................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5402.62.00

00

Of polyesters (606).........................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5402.63.00

00

Of polypropylene (606)...................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5402.69.01

00

Other (606).......................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5403

5403.10
5403.10.30

20

40

5403.10.60

00

Artificial filament yarn (other than sewing thread), not put up
for retail sale, including artificial monofilament of less than
67 decitex:

High tenacity yarn of viscose rayon:

Single yarn.......................................................................

..................

10%1/

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with twist
of less than 5 turns per meter..................................

kg

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more per
meter (606)................................................................
Multiple (folded) or cabled (606)...................................

kg
kg..............

9.1%1/

55%

55%

55%

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5403 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
54-9

Artificial filament yarn (other than sewing thread), not put up
for retail sale, including artificial monofilament of less than
67 decitex: (con.)

Other yarn, single:

5403.31.00

Of viscose rayon, untwisted or with a twist not ex-
ceeding 120 turns/m.......................................................

..................

10%1/

20

40

5403.32.00

00

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with twist
of less than 5 turns per meter..................................

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more per
meter (606)................................................................
Of viscose rayon, with a twist exceeding 120 turns/m
(606).................................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

10%1/

5403.33.00

Of cellulose acetate.........................................................

..................

8.8%1/

20

40

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with twist
of less than 5 turns per meter..................................

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more per `
meter (606)................................................................

kg

kg

5403.39
5403.39.10

00

Other:

Textured yarn (600)..................................................

kg..............

10%1/

5403.39.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

8%1/

20

40

Monofilament; multifilament, untwisted or with
twist of less than 5 turns per meter..................

Multifilament, with twist of 5 turns or more per
meter (606).........................................................

kg

kg

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
54-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5403 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Artificial filament yarn (other than sewing thread), not put up
for retail sale, including artificial monofilament of less than
67 decitex: (con.)

Other yarn, multiple (folded) or cabled:

5403.41.00

00

Of viscose rayon (606)...................................................

kg..............

9.1%1/

5403.42.00

00

Of cellulose acetate (606)..............................................

kg..............

8%1/

5403.49
5403.49.10

00

Other:

Textured yarn (600)..................................................

kg..............

9.1%1/

5403.49.90

00

Other (606)................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5404

Synthetic monofilament of 67 decitex or more and of which no
cross-sectional dimension exceeds 1 mm; strip and the like
(for example, artificial straw) of synthetic textile materials of
an apparent width not exceeding 5 mm:

Monofilament:

5404.11.00

00

Elastomeric......................................................................

kg..............

6.9%1/

5404.12
5404.12.10

00

Other, of polypropylene:

Not over 254 mm in length......................................

kg..............

6.9%1/

5404.12.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.9%1/

5404.19
5404.19.10

00

Other:

Racket strings...........................................................

kg..............

2.7%1/

5404.19.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.9%1/

20

40

80
00

5404.90.00

Of nylon or other polyamides............................

Of polyesters......................................................

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

55%

55%

50%

50%

50%

30%

50%

45%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5405.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
54-11

2

Artificial monofilament of 67 decitex or more and of which no
cross-sectional dimension exceeds 1 mm; strip and the like
(for example, artificial straw) of artificial textile materials of an
apparent width not exceeding 5 mm:

5405.00.30

00

Monofilament..........................................................................

kg..............

6.9%1/

5405.00.60

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

5406.00

Man-made filament yarn (other than sewing thread), put up for
retail sale:

5406.00.10

Synthetic filament yarn..........................................................

..................

7.5%1/

Of acrylic (200)................................................................

Of polyesters (200).........................................................

kg

kg

Other (200).......................................................................
Artificial filament yarn (200)..................................................

kg
kg..............

7.5%1/

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404:

Woven fabrics obtained from high tenacity yarn of nylon
or other polyamides or of polyesters....................................

..................

13.6%1/

Of polyester, weighing not more than 170 g/m²
(619).................................................................................

Other (620).......................................................................

5407.20.00

00

Woven fabrics obtained from strip or the like (620)...........

5407.30
5407.30.10

00

Fabrics specified in note 9 to section XI:

Over 60 percent by weight of plastics...........................

5407.30.90

00

Other (620).......................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

Free1/

m²..............
kg

Free1/

m²..............
kg

8%1/

5406.00.20

5407

5407.10.00

20

40

90
00

10

90

50%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

40%

83.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
54-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of filaments of nylon or other polyamides:

5407.41.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

13.6%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Suitable for making typewriter and machine ribbon,
containing yarns the average decitex of which
exceeds 28 but not 83, the total thread count
(treating multiple (folded) or cabled yarns as single
threads), of which per centimeter is not less than
59 warp and 39 filling and not more than 83 warp
and 55 filling and in which the thread count of the
warp does not exceed 60 percent of the total
thread count of the warp and filling:

With both selvages woven (621)......................

Other (621).........................................................

Other:

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (620).........

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)...............

10

20

30

60

5407.42.00

Dyed..................................................................................

30

60

5407.43
5407.43.10

00

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (620)................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)......................

Of yarns of different colors:

The thread count of which per cm (treating multiple
(folded) or cabled yarns as single threads) is over
69 but not over 142 in the warp and over 31 but
not over 71 in the filling (620)..................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²..............
kg

12.2¢/kg +
11.3%1/

5407.43.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

30

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (620).........

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)...............

m²
kg

m²
kg

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.3¢/kg +

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
54-13

2

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of filaments of nylon or other polyamides: (con.)

5407.44.00

Printed..............................................................................

..................

12%1/

30

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (620)................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)......................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of textured polyester filaments:

5407.51.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

14.9%1/

20

40

60

5407.52
5407.52.05

00

Weighing not more than 170 g/m²:

Flat fabrics (619)................................................

Other (619).........................................................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)......................

Dyed:

Measuring less than 77 cm in width or less than
77 cm between selvages, the thread count of which
per cm (treating multiple (folded) or cabled yarns
as single threads) is over 69 but not over 142 in
the warp and over 31 but not over 71 in the filling
(619)...........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²..............
kg

18.9¢/kg +
17.6%1/

5407.52.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.3¢/kg +

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

40

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m²:

Flat fabrics (619).........................................

Other (619)..................................................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)...............

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
54-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

5407.53
5407.53.10

00

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of textured polyester filaments: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

The thread count of which per cm (treating multiple
(folded) or cabled yarns as single threads) is over
69 but not over 142 in the warp and over 31 but
not over 71 in the filling (619)..................................

m²..............
kg

18.8¢/kg +
17.4%1/

5407.53.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

12%1/

24.3¢/kg +

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

40

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m²:

Flat fabrics (619).........................................

Other (619)..................................................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)...............

5407.54.00

Printed..............................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

20

40

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m²:

Flat fabrics (619)................................................

Other (619).........................................................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)......................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

14.9%2/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
54-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

5407.61

5407.61.11

00

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of polyester filaments:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of non
textured polyester filaments:

Dyed, measuring less than 77 cm in width or less
than 77 cm between selvages, the thread count of
which per cm (treating multiple (folded) or cabled
yarns as single threads) is over 69 but not over
142 in the warp and over 31 but not over 71 in the
filling:

Wholly of polyester, of single yarns measuring
not less than 75 decitex but not more than
80 decitex, having 24 filaments per yarn and
with a twist of 900 or more turns per meter
(619)....................................................................

5407.61.19

00

Other (619).........................................................

5407.61.21

00

Of yarns of different colors, the thread count of
which per cm (treating multiple (folded) or cabled
yarns as single threads) is over 69 but not over
142 in the warp and over 31 but not over 71 in the
filling:

Wholly of polyester, of single yarns meas- uring
not less than 75 decitex but not more than
80 decitex, having 24 filaments per yarn and
with a twist of 900 or more turns per meter
(619)....................................................................

5407.61.29

00

Other (619).........................................................

m²..............
kg

19.4¢/kg + 18%1/

m²..............
kg

19.4¢/kg + 18%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.3¢/kg +

81%

24.3¢/kg +

81%

m²..............
kg

12.2¢/kg +
11.3%1/

m²..............
kg

12.2¢/kg +
11.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.3¢/kg +

81%

24.3¢/kg +

81%

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
54-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

5407.61
(con.)

5407.61.91

00

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of polyester filaments: (con.)

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of non
textured polyester filaments: (con.)

Other:

Wholly of polyester, of single yarns meas- uring
not less than 75 decitex but not more than
80 decitex, having 24 filaments per yarn and
with a twist of 900 or more turns per meter
(619)....................................................................

m²..............
kg

14.9%1/

5407.61.99

Other...................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

05

10

15

25

30

35

45

50

55

65

70

75

Unbleached or bleached:

Weighing not more than 170 g/m²:

Flat fabrics (619)...........................

Other (619).....................................

Weighing more than 170 g/m²
(620)......................................................

Dyed:

Weighing not more than 170 g/m²:

Flat fabrics (619)...........................

Other (619).....................................

Weighing more than 170 g/m²
(620)......................................................

Of yarns of different colors:

Weighing not more than 170 g/m²:

Flat fabrics (619)...........................

Other (619).....................................

Weighing more than 170 g/m²
(620)......................................................

Printed:

Weighing not more than 170 g/m²:

Flat fabrics (619)...........................

Other (619).....................................

Weighing more than 170 g/m²
(620)......................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m2
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m2
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
54-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

5407.69
5407.69.10

5407.69.20

10

60

10

60

5407.69.30

00

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of polyester filaments: (con.)

Other:

Unbleached or bleached..........................................

..................

14.9%1/

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (619).........

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)...............

Dyed...........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (619).........

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)...............

Of yarns of different colors:

The thread count of which per cm (treating
multiple (folded) or cabled yarns as single
threads) is over 69 but not over 142 in the warp
and over 31 but not over 71 in the filling
(620)....................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²..............
kg

Free1/

5407.69.40

Other...................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

5407.69.90

10

60

10

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (619)...

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620).........

Printed........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (619).........

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)...............

m²
kg

m²
kg

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.3¢/kg +

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
54-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of synthetic filaments:

5407.71.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

14.9%1/

15

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (620)................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)......................

5407.72.00

Dyed..................................................................................

15

60

5407.73
5407.73.10

00

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (620)................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)......................

Of yarns of different colors:

The thread count of which per cm (treating multiple
(folded) or cabled yarns as single threads) is over
69 but not over 142 in the warp and over 31 but
not over 71 in the filling (620)..................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²..............
kg

Free1/

5407.73.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

15

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (620).........

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)...............

5407.74.00

Printed..............................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

15

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (620)................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (620)......................

m²
kg

m²
kg

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.3¢/kg +

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
54-19

2

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of synthetic filaments, mixed mainly or solely with
cotton:

5407.81.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

14.9%1/

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

5407.82.00

Dyed..................................................................................

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

5407.83.00

Of yarns of different colors.............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.5%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

XI
54-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing less than 85 percent by
weight of synthetic filaments, mixed mainly or solely with
cotton: (con.)

5407.84.00

Printed..............................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

5407.91

Unbleached or bleached:

Other woven fabrics:

5407.91.05

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

25%1/

10

20

Not combed (410).......................................

Combed (410).............................................

5407.91.10

00

Other (624).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
54-21

2

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics: (con.)

Unbleached or bleached: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Mixed mainly or solely with artificial filaments
(620)....................................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (625).........................

Sheeting (627).............................................

Printcloth (626)............................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)..............

Other (629)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

5407.91
(con.)
5407.91.20

10

20

30

40

50

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
54-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics: (con.)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5407.92

Dyed:

5407.92.05

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

25%1/

5407.92.10

5407.92.20

10

20

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

90

Not combed (410).......................................

Combed (410).............................................

Other...................................................................

Not combed (624).......................................

Combed (624).............................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

Mixed mainly or solely with artificial filaments
or metalized yarn (620).....................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (625).........................

Sheeting (627).............................................

Printcloth (626)............................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)..............

Other (629)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
54-23

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

5407.93

5407.93.05

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

25%1/

10

20

Not combed (410).......................................

Combed (410).............................................

5407.93.10

00

Other (624).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

5407.93.15

00

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
man-made filaments, the thread count of which
per cm (treating multiple (folded) or cabled
yarns as single threads) is over 69 but not over
142 in the warp and over 31 but not over 71
in the filling (620)................................................

m²..............
kg

Free1/

5407.93.20

Other...................................................................

..................

12%1/

10

20

30

40

50

90

Mixed mainly or solely with artificial
filaments or metalized yarn (620)..............

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (625)...................

Sheeting (627)......................................

Printcloth (626).....................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)........

Other (629)...........................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.3¢/kg +

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
54-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5407 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, including woven
fabrics obtained from materials of heading 5404: (con.)

Other woven fabrics: (con.)

5407.94

Printed:

5407.94.05

10

20

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

Not combed (410).......................................

Combed (410).............................................

5407.94.10

00

Other (624).........................................................

..................

Free1/

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

5407.94.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

90

Mixed mainly or solely with artificial filaments
or metalized yarns (620)...................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (625).........................

Sheeting (627).............................................

Printcloth (626)............................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)..............

Other (629)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
54-25

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5408

5408.10.00

00

Woven fabrics of artificial filament yarn, including woven fabrics
obtained from materials of heading 5405:

Woven fabrics obtained from high tenacity yarn of viscose
rayon (618)..............................................................................

m²..............
kg

14.9%1/

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of artificial filament or strip or the like:

5408.21.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

14.9%1/

30

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (618)................

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (618)......................

m²
kg

m²
kg

5408.22
5408.22.10

00

Dyed:

Of cuprammonium rayon (618)...............................

m²..............
kg

14.9%1/

5408.22.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

30

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (618).........

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (618)...............

m²
kg

m²
kg

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
54-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5408 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of artificial filament yarn, including woven fabrics
obtained from materials of heading 5405: (con.)

Other woven fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by
weight of artificial filament or strip or the like: (con.)

5408.23

Of yarns of different colors:

The thread count of which per cm (treating multiple
(folded) or cabled yarns as single threads) is over
69 but not over 142 in the warp and over 31 but
not over 71 in the filling:

Of cuprammonium rayon (618)........................

5408.23.11

00

5408.23.19

00

Other (618).........................................................

5408.23.21

00

Of cuprammonium rayon (618)........................

Other:

m²..............
kg

Free1/

m²..............
kg

Free1/

m²..............
kg

12%1/

5408.23.29

Other...................................................................

..................

12%1/

30

60

Weighing not more than 170 g/m² (618)...

Weighing more than 170 g/m² (618).........

m²
kg

m²
kg

5408.24
5408.24.10

00

Printed:

Of cuprammonium rayon (618)...............................

m²..............
kg

12%1/

5408.24.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

12%1/

10

20

40

50

Weighing not more than 170 g/m²:

Discharge printed (618).............................

Other (618)..................................................

Weighing more than 170 g/m²:

Discharge printed (618).............................

Other (618)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

24.3¢/kg +

81%

24.3¢/kg +

81%

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5408 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Woven fabrics of artificial filament yarn, including woven fabrics
obtained from materials of heading 5405: (con.)

XI
54-27

2

5408.31

Unbleached or bleached:

Other woven fabrics:

5408.31.05

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

25%1/

10

20

Not combed (410).......................................

Combed (410).............................................

5408.31.10

00

Other (624).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

5408.31.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

90

Mixed mainly or solely with synthetic filaments
(618)....................................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (625).........................

Sheeting (627).............................................

Printcloth (626)............................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)..............

Other (629)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
54-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5408 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of artificial filament yarn, including woven fabrics
obtained from materials of heading 5405: (con.)

Other woven fabrics: (con.)

5408.32

Dyed:

5408.32.05

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

19.7%1/

10

20

Not combed (410).......................................

Combed (410).............................................

5408.32.10

00

Other (624).........................................................

5408.32.30

00

Other:

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste, valued over $33 per kg
(618)....................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

m²..............
kg

6.9%1/

5408.32.90

Other...................................................................

..................

15%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

80%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

90

Mixed mainly or solely with synthetic
filaments (618)............................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (625)...................

Sheeting (627)......................................

Printcloth (626).....................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)........

Other (629)...........................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
54-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5408 (con.)

5408.33

5408.33.05

Woven fabrics of artificial filament yarn, including woven fabrics
obtained from materials of heading 5405: (con.)

Other woven fabrics: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

19.6%1/

10

20

Not combed (410).......................................

Combed (410).............................................

5408.33.10

00

Other (624).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
54-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5408 (con.)

5408.33
(con.)

5408.33.15

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of artificial filament yarn, including woven fabrics
obtained from materials of heading 5405: (con.)

Other woven fabrics: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors: (con.)

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
man-made filaments, the thread count of which
per cm (treating multiple (folded) or cabled
yarns as single threads) is over 69 but not over
142 in the warp and over 31 but not over 71
in the filling (618)................................................

m²..............
kg

12.3¢/kg +
11.4%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

24.3¢/kg +

81%

5408.33.30

00

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste, valued over $33 per kg
(618)....................................................................

m²..............
kg

6.9%1/

5408.33.90

Other...................................................................

..................

12%1/

80%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

90

Mixed mainly or solely with synthetic
filaments or metalized yarn (618)..............

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (625)...................

Sheeting(627).......................................

Printcloth (626).....................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)........

Other (629)...........................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

XI
54-31

2

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

80%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5408 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Woven fabrics of artificial filament yarn, including woven fabrics
obtained from materials of heading 5405: (con.)

Other woven fabrics: (con.)

5408.34

Printed:

5408.34.05

10

20

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

Not combed (410).......................................

Combed (410).............................................

5408.34.10

00

Other (624).........................................................

5408.34.30

00

Other:

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste, valued over $33 per kg
(618)....................................................................

..................

Free1/

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

m²..............
kg

Free1/

5408.34.90

Other...................................................................

..................

12%1/

10

20

30

40

50

85

95

Mixed mainly or solely with synthetic
filaments (618)............................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (625)...................

Sheeting(627).......................................

Printcloth (626).....................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)........

Other:

Discharge printed (629)................

Other (629).....................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 54 - 32
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 55

MAN-MADE STAPLE FIBERS

Note

1. Headings 5501 and 5502 apply only to man-made filament tow, consisting of parallel filaments of a uniform length equal to the

length of the tow, meeting the following specifications:

XI
55-1

(a) Length of tow exceeding 2 m;

(b) Twist less than 5 turns per meter;

(c) Measuring per filament less than 67 decitex;

(d) Synthetic filament tow only: the tow must be drawn, that is to say, be incapable of being stretched by more than 100 percent

of its length; and

(e) Total measurement of tow more than 20,000 decitex.

Tow of a length not exceeding 2 m is to be classified in heading 5503 or 5504.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of the woven fabrics of chapter 55, unless the context otherwise requires, provisions relating to one or more
weaves embrace only those fabrics which (excluding selvage) are wholly of the specified weave or weaves, including combinations
exclusively thereof.

Statistical Notes

1.

For the purposes of the woven fabrics of chapter 55:

(a) The term "poplin or broadcloth" means plain weave fabrics, not of square construction, whether or not napped, but does not

include the following types:

(i)

Fabrics weighing not more than 170 grams per square meter, containing 33 or less warp ends and filling picks per square
centimeter; and

(ii) Fabrics weighing more than 170 grams per square meter, of average yarn number 26 or lower number.

(b) The term "sheeting" means plain weave fabrics, whether or not napped, of the following types:

(i)

Fabrics weighing not more than 170 grams per square meter, of square construction, containing more than 33 warp
ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of average yarn number 68 or lower number, but not including printcloth;
and

(ii) Fabrics weighing more than 170 grams per square meter, but does not include:

(A) Fabrics of which the warp or filling consists of multiple (folded) or cabled yarns, of average yarn number 26 or lower

number; and

(B) Fabrics of average yarn number 27 or higher number, not of square construction.

(c) The term "printcloth" means plain weave fabrics, weighing not more than 170 grams per square meter, of average yarn

numbers 43-68, containing more than 33 singles yarns per square centimeter and not containing multiple (folded) or cabled
yarns, of square construction, whether or not napped, of the following types:

(i)

Fabrics, not combed; and

(ii) Other fabrics, measuring less than 168 cm in width.

(d) The term "cheesecloth" means plain weave fabrics, weighing not more than 170 grams per square meter, containing not

more than 33 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, whether or not napped.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-2
Statistical Notes (con.)

(e) The term "lawns, voiles or batistes" means plain weave fabrics, weighing not more than 170 grams per square meter, of

average yarn number 69 or higher number, consisting of more than 33 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of
square construction, whether or not napped.

(f) The term "duck" means fabrics weighing more than 170 grams per square meter, of average yarn number 26 or lower

number, whether or not napped, of the following types:

(i) Plain weave, of which the warp or filling consists of multiple (folded) or cabled yarns; or

(ii) Woven as plain weave except that two or more warp ends are woven as one (taped warp), whether or not containing

multiple (folded) or cabled yarns; this latter type of duck is not to be classified as a plain weave fabric.

(g) The term "oxford cloth" means fabrics weighing not more than 170 grams per square meter, whether or not napped, woven
as plain weave except that two or more warp ends are woven as one (taped warp). Oxford cloth is not to be classified as a
plain weave fabric.

(h) The term "blue denim" means fabrics weighing more than 170 grams per square meter, of 3-thread or 4-thread twill, including
broken twill, warp faced, the warp yarns of which are dyed blue and the weft yarns of which are unbleached, bleached, dyed
grey or colored a lighter shade of blue than that of the warp yarns.

(ij) The term "square construction" means fabrics of the following types:

(i) Containing less than 79 warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of which the difference between the total

count of warp ends per centimeter and the total count of filling picks per centimeter is less than 11; or

(ii) Containing 79 or more warp ends and filling picks per square centimeter, of which the total count of warp ends per

centimeter and the total count of filling picks per centimeter are each less than 57 percent of the total count per square
centimeter of such warp ends and filling picks.

(k) The term "napped" means fabrics with a fuzzy, fibrous surface produced by scratching or pricking the surface so that some
of the fibers are raised from the body of the yarn. Napped fabrics are not to be confused with pile fabrics. Outing and canton
flannel, moleskin, etc., are typical fabrics with a nap.

(l)

The term "not combed" means fabrics in part of uncombed cotton, other vegetable textile fibers or wool or fine animal hair.

(m) The term "combed" means fabrics containing cotton, other vegetable textile fibers or wool or fine animal hair, in which such

fibers are combed.

(n) The term " number ," as applied to woven fabrics of man-made fibers, means the average yarn number of the yarns contained
therein. In computing the average yarn number, the length of the yarn is considered to be equal to the distance covered by
it in the fabric in the condition as imported, with all clipped yarn being measured as if continuous and with the count being
taken of the total single yarns in the fabric including the single yarns in any multiple (folded) or cabled yarns. The weight
shall be taken after any excessive sizing is removed by boiling or other suitable process. Any one of the following formulas
can be used to determine the average yarn number--

N = BYT/1000, 100T/Z', BT/Z or ST/10

when:

N is the average yarn number,
B is the breadth (width) of the fabric in centimeters,
Y is the meters (linear) of the fabric per kilogram,
T is the total single yarns per square centimeter,
S is the square meters of fabric per kilogram,
Z is the grams per linear meter of fabric, and
Z' is the grams per square meter of fabric.

Fractions in the resulting "number" shall be disregarded.

2.

The term "discharge printed" fabrics refers to fabrics which have been:

(a) Dyed, not tinted, a single uniform color other than white;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-3

Statistical Notes (con.)

(b) Further processed using a method whereby chlorine or other color-destroying chemicals are applied to discrete portions of
the dyed fabric to bleach out or discharge the dye and printed in those discrete portions thereby yielding a different colored
pattern on the previously dyed ground; and

(c) Subjected to two or more of the following finishing operations: bleaching, shrinking, filling, napping, decating, permanent

stiffening, weighting, permanent embossing or moireing.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5501

Synthetic filament tow:

Of nylon or other polyamides:

5501.11.00

00

Of aramids........................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5501.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5501.20.00

00

Of polyesters...........................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5501.30.00

Acrylic or modacrylic..............................................................

..................

7.5%1/

10

Containing 92 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile
units with filaments numbering fewer than 70,000
(+/-2000) with filament diameter 1.59 decitex (plus or
minus 0.027) or less, or in a separable tow construction
capable of being separated into tows of 70,000
(+/-2000) or fewer with filament diameter 1.59 decitex
(plus or minus 0.027) or less..........................................

kg

5501.40.00

90
00

Other.................................................................................
Of polypropylene....................................................................

kg
kg..............

7.5%1/

5501.90.01

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5502
5502.10.00

Artificial filament tow:

00

Of cellulose acetate...............................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5502.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
55-5

Synthetic staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise
processed for spinning:

Of nylon or other polyamides:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5503

5503.11.00

00

Of aramids........................................................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

5503.19
5503.19.10

00

Other:

Containing 10 percent or more by weight of nylon
12................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5503.19.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

5503.20.00

Of polyesters...........................................................................

..................

4.3%2/

15

25

45

65
00

5503.30.00

Bi-component fibers having an outer copolymer sheath
that melts at a lower temperature than the core, of a
kind used for bonding fibers together...........................

kg

Other:

Measuring less than 3.3 decitex.............................

kg

Measuring 3.3 decitex or more but less than
13.2 decitex...............................................................

kg

Measuring 13.2 decitex or more.............................
Acrylic or modacrylic..............................................................

kg
kg..............

4.3%1/

5503.40.00

00

Of polypropylene....................................................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

5503.90
5503.90.10

00

Other:

Of vinyon..........................................................................

kg..............

5503.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4.3%1/

5504

Artificial staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise
processed for spinning:

5504.10.00

00

Of viscose rayon3/...................................................................

kg..............

4.3%4/

5504.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
55-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5505

5505.10.00

20

40

60
00

5505.20.00

5506

Waste (including noils, yarn waste and garnetted stock) of
man-made fibers:

Of synthetic fibers..................................................................
Of nylon or other polyamides.........................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Of polyesters....................................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Of artificial fibers....................................................................

kg
kg..............

Synthetic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed
for spinning:

Free1/

5%1/

5506.10.00

00

Of nylon or other polyamides................................................

kg..............

5506.20.00

00

Of polyesters...........................................................................

kg..............

5.7%1/

5506.30.00

00

Acrylic or modacrylic..............................................................

kg..............

5506.40.00

00

Of polypropylene....................................................................

kg..............

5506.90.01

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

5%1/

5%1/

5507.00.00

00

Artificial staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed
for spinning....................................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

5508

Sewing thread of man-made staple fibers, whether or not put
up for retail sale:

5508.10.00

00

Of synthetic staple fibers (200)............................................

kg..............

11.4%1/

5508.20.00

00

Of artificial staple fibers (200)..............................................

kg..............

11%1/

10%

10%

51.5%

51.5%

51.5%

51.5%

51.5%

51.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5509

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
55-7

Yarn (other than sewing thread) of synthetic staple fibers, not
put up for retail sale:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of staple fibers
of nylon or other polyamides:

5509.11.00

00

Single yarn (604).............................................................

kg..............

9.4%1/

5509.12.00

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (604)...........................

kg..............

10.6%1/

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of polyester staple
fibers:

5509.21.00

00

Single yarn (604).............................................................

kg..............

9.7%1/

5509.22.00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn.....................................

..................

10.6%1/

10

90

Multiple (folded), with a final "Z" twist (200)..........

Other (604)................................................................

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylic or
modacrylic staple fibers:

kg

kg

5509.31.00

00

Single yarn (604).............................................................

kg..............

9%1/

5509.32.00

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (604)...........................

kg..............

10%1/

Other yarn, containing 85 percent or more by weight of
synthetic staple fibers:

5509.41.00

Single yarn.......................................................................

..................

9%1/

5509.42.00

10

90

10

90

Of polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) fibers (604)..................

kg

Other (604)................................................................
Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn.....................................

kg
..................

7%1/

Of polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) fibers (604)..................

Other (604)................................................................

kg

kg

54%

61.5%

54%

61.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54%

61.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

61.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
55-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5509 (con.)

5509.51
5509.51.30

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Yarn (other than sewing thread) of synthetic staple fibers, not
put up for retail sale: (con.)

Other yarn, of polyester staple fibers:

Mixed mainly or solely with artificial staple fibers:

Single yarn (607)......................................................

kg..............

9.7%1/

5509.51.60

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (607)....................

kg..............

10.6%1/

5509.52.00

00

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair
(607).................................................................................

kg..............

12%1/

5509.53.00

Mixed mainly or solely with cotton.................................

..................

13.2%1/

30

60
00

5509.59.00

Not exceeding 52 nm (607).....................................

kg

Exceeding 52 nm (607)............................................
Other (607).......................................................................

kg
kg..............

13.2%1/

5509.61.00

00

Other yarn, of acrylic or modacrylic staple fibers:

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair
(607).................................................................................

kg..............

13.2%1/

5509.62.00

00

Mixed mainly or solely with cotton (607).......................

kg..............

12%1/

5509.69

Other:

5509.69.20

00

Mixed mainly or solely with artificial staple fibers:
Single yarn (607)...............................................

kg..............

9%1/

5509.69.40

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (607).............

kg..............

10%1/

5509.69.60

00

Other (607)................................................................

kg..............

13.2%1/

54%

61.5%

81%

81%

81%

81%

81%

54%

61.5%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
55-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5509 (con.)

5509.91.00

00

Yarn (other than sewing thread) of synthetic staple fibers, not
put up for retail sale: (con.)

Other yarn:

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair
(607).................................................................................

kg..............

12%1/

5509.92.00

00

Mixed mainly or solely with cotton (607).......................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5509.99

Other:

5509.99.20

00

Mixed mainly or solely with artificial staple fibers:
Single yarn (607)...............................................

kg..............

9%1/

5509.99.40

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (607).............

kg..............

10.6%1/

5509.99.60

00

Other (607)................................................................

kg..............

13.2%1/

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54%

61.5%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
55-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5510

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Yarn (other than sewing thread) of artificial staple fibers, not
put up for retail sale:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of artificial staple
fibers:

5510.11.00

00

Single yarn (603).............................................................

kg..............

9%1/

5510.12.00

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (603)...........................

kg..............

10.6%1/

5510.20.00

00

Other yarn, mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal
hair (607).................................................................................

kg..............

10.2%1/

5510.30.00

00

Other yarn, mixed mainly or solely with cotton (607).........

kg..............

7.5%1/

5510.90

Other yarn:

5510.90.20

00

Single yarn (607)......................................................

kg..............

9%1/

Mixed mainly or solely with synthetic staple fibers:

5510.90.40

00

Multiple (folded) or cabled yarn (607)....................

kg..............

10.6%1/

5510.90.60

00

Other (607).......................................................................

kg..............

13.2%1/

5511

5511.10.00

Yarn (other than sewing thread) of man-made staple fibers,
put up for retail sale:

Of synthetic staple fibers, containing 85 percent or more
by weight of such fibers.........................................................

..................

7.5%1/

30

60
00

5511.20.00

Acrylic or modacrylic (200)............................................

Other (200).......................................................................
Of synthetic staple fibers, containing less than 85 percent
by weight of such fibers (200)..............................................

kg

kg

kg..............

7.5%1/

5511.30.00

00

Of artificial staple fibers (200)..............................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

54%

61.5%

81%

81%

54%

61.5%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5512

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-11

2

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing 85 percent
or more by weight of synthetic staple fibers:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of polyester staple
fibers:

5512.11.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

22

27

30

40

50

60

70

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting:

Of a width exceeding 254 cm (613)................

Other (613).........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

XI
55-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5512 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing 85 percent
or more by weight of synthetic staple fibers: (con.)

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of polyester staple
fibers: (con.)

5512.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

13.6%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

22

27

30

35

40

45

50

90

Of yarns of different colors, except blue denim or
jacquard weave (218)..............................................

Blue denim (225)......................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (614)................................

Sheeting:

Of a width exceeding 254 cm (613)..........

Other (613)..................................................

Printcloth (615)...................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

Duck (219)..........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Oxford cloth (227)..............................................

Other (220).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5512 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-13

2

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing 85 percent
or more by weight of synthetic staple fibers: (con.)

Containing 85 percent of more by weight of acrylic or
modacrylic staple fibers:

5512.21.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

5512.29.00

Other.................................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

90

Of yarns of different colors, except blue denim or
jacquard weave (218)..............................................

Blue denim (225)......................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (614)................................

Sheeting (613)...................................................

Printcloth (615)...................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

Duck (219)..........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Oxford cloth (227)..............................................

Other (220).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5512 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing 85 percent
or more by weight of synthetic staple fibers: (con.)

Other:

5512.91.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

5512.99.00

Other.................................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

90

Of yarns of different colors, except blue denim or
jacquard weave (218)..............................................

Blue denim (225)......................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (614)................................

Sheeting (613)...................................................

Printcloth (615)...................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

Duck (219)..........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Oxford cloth (227)..............................................

Other (220).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5513

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-15

2

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing less than
85 percent by weight of such fibers, mixed mainly or solely
with cotton, of a weight not exceeding 170 g/m²:

Unbleached or bleached:

5513.11.00

Of polyester staple fibers, plain weave.........................

..................

14.9%1/

20

40

60

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

5513.12.00

00

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill, of
polyester staple fibers (617)..........................................

m²..............
kg

14.9%1/

5513.13.00

Other woven fabrics of polyester staple fibers.............

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

40

90

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (220)................................................................

5513.19.00

Other woven fabrics........................................................

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

XI
55-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5513 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing less than
85 percent by weight of such fibers, mixed mainly or solely
with cotton, of a weight not exceeding 170 g/m²: (con.)

Dyed:

5513.21.00

Of polyester staple fibers, plain weave.........................

..................

14.9%

20

40

60

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

5513.23.01

Other woven fabrics of polyester staple fibers.............

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

21

41

91

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (220)................................................................

5513.29.00

Other woven fabrics........................................................

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5513 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-17

2

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing less than
85 percent by weight of such fibers, mixed mainly or solely
with cotton, of a weight not exceeding 170 g/m²: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

5513.31.00

00

Of polyester staple fibers, plain weave (218)..............

m²..............
kg

14.9%1/

5513.39.01

Other woven fabrics........................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

11

15

91

Jacquard weave (220).............................................

Oxford cloth (218).....................................................

Other (218)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

XI
55-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5513 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing less than
85 percent by weight of such fibers, mixed mainly or solely
with cotton, of a weight not exceeding 170 g/m²: (con.)

Printed:

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5513.41.00

Of polyester staple fibers, plain weave.........................

..................

14.9%1/

20

40

60

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

5513.49
5513.49.10

00

Other woven fabrics:

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill, of
polyester staple fibers (617)....................................

m²..............
kg

13.6%1/

5513.49.20

Other woven fabrics of polyester staple fibers......

..................

14.9%1/

5513.49.90

20

40

90

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Oxford cloth (227)..............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (220).........................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg
..................

8.5%1/

Poplin or broadcloth (614)................................

Sheeting (613)...................................................

Printcloth (615)...................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Oxford cloth (227)..............................................

Other (220).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5514

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-19

2

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing less than
85 percent by weight of such fibers, mixed mainly or solely
with cotton, of a weight exceeding 170 g/m²:

Unbleached or bleached:

5514.11.00

Of polyester staple fibers, plain weave.........................

..................

14.9%1/

5514.12.00

5514.19
5514.19.10

5514.19.90

20

30

50

90

20

40

20

40

90

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting:

Not napped (613)...............................................

Napped (613).....................................................

Plain weave duck (219)...........................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill, of
polyester staple fibers.....................................................

..................

14.9%1/

Not napped (617).....................................................

Napped (617)............................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other woven fabrics:

Woven fabrics of polyester staple fibers................

..................

14.9%1/

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Duck, except plain weave (219).......................

m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (220).........................................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg
..................

8.5%1/

Poplin or broadcloth (614)................................

Sheeting (613)...................................................

Duck (219)..........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Other (220).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
55-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5514 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing less than
85 percent by weight of such fibers, mixed mainly or solely
with cotton, of a weight exceeding 170 g/m²: (con.)

Dyed:

5514.21.00

Of polyester staple fibers, plain weave.........................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

30

50

90

20

40

5514.22.00

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting:

Not napped (613)...............................................

Napped (613).....................................................

Plain weave duck (219)...........................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill, of
polyester staple fibers.....................................................

..................

14.9%1/

Not napped (617).....................................................

Napped (617)............................................................

5514.23.00

Other woven fabrics of polyester staple fibers.............

20

40

90

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other (220)................................................................

5514.29.00

Other woven fabrics........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-21

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5514 (con.)

5514.30
5514.30.31

00

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing less than
85 percent by weight of such fibers, mixed mainly or solely
with cotton, of a weight exceeding 170 g/m²: (con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

Of polyester staple fibers, plain weave (218)..............

m²..............
kg

14.9%1/

5514.30.32

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill, of
polyester staple fibers.....................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

15

80

Denim:

Blue denim (225)...............................................

Other denim (218).............................................

Other (218)................................................................

5514.30.33

Other woven fabrics of polyester staple fibers.............

5514.30.39

10

90

10

20

90

Jacquard weave (220).............................................

Other (218)................................................................

Other woven fabrics........................................................
Blue denim (225)......................................................

Jacquard weave (220).............................................

Other (218)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg
..................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free1/

81%

XI
55-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5514 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing less than
85 percent by weight of such fibers, mixed mainly or solely
with cotton, of a weight exceeding 170 g/m²: (con.)

Printed:

5514.41.00

Of polyester staple fibers, plain weave.........................

..................

14.9%1/

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting:

Not napped (613)...............................................

Napped (613).....................................................

Plain weave duck (219)...........................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

3-thread or 4-thread twill, including cross twill, of
polyester staple fibers.....................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Not napped (617).....................................................

Napped (617)............................................................

Other woven fabrics of polyester staple fibers.............
Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Duck, except plain weave (219).............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................
m²
kg

m²
kg

Free1/

81%

m²
kg
..................

8.5%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5514.49.00

Other woven fabrics........................................................

20

30

50

90

20

40

20

40

90

5514.42.00

5514.43.00

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5515

Other woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers:

Of polyester staple fibers:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-23

2

5515.11.00

Mixed mainly or solely with viscose rayon staple
fibers.................................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

90

Of yarns of different colors, except blue denim or
jacquard weave (218)..............................................

Blue denim (225)......................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (614)................................

Sheeting (613)...................................................

Printcloth (615)...................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

Duck (219)..........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Oxford cloth (227)..............................................

Other (220).........................................................

5515.12.00

Mixed mainly or solely with man-made filaments........

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

22

27

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting:

Of a width exceeding 254 cm (627)................

Other (627).........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5515 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers: (con.)

5515.13
5515.13.05

Of polyester staple fibers: (con.)

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

5515.13.10

10

20

10

20

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

Other..........................................................................

Not combed (624)..............................................

Combed (624)....................................................

5515.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

25%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

90

Of yarns of different colors, except blue denim or
jacquard weave (218)..............................................

Blue denim (225)......................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (614)................................

Sheeting (613)...................................................

Printcloth (615)...................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

Duck (219)..........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Oxford cloth (227)..............................................

Other (220).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5515 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-25

2

81%

Of acrylic or modacrylic staple fibers:

Mixed mainly or solely with man-made filaments........
Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Free1/

..................
m²
kg

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

20.1%1/

5515.21.00

5515.22
5515.22.05

10

20

30

40

90

10

20

5515.22.10

00

Other (624)................................................................

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
55-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5515 (con.)

5515.29.00

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers: (con.)
Of acrylic or modacrylic staple fibers: (con.)

Other.................................................................................
Of yarns of different colors, except blue denim or
jacquard weave (218)..............................................

Blue denim (225)......................................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (614)................................

Sheeting (613)...................................................

Printcloth (615)...................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226)...

Duck (219)..........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617).....................

Oxford cloth (227)..............................................

Other (220).........................................................

..................

Free1/

81%

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-27

2

5515 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers: (con.)

Other woven fabrics:

5515.91.00

Mixed mainly or solely with man-made filaments........

..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5515 (con.)

Other woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers: (con.)

5515.99

Other:

Other woven fabrics: (con.)

5515.99.05

Mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

25%1/

5515.99.10

5515.99.90

10

20

10

20

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

90

Not combed (410).......................................

Combed (410).............................................

Other...................................................................

Not combed (624).......................................

Combed (624).............................................

Other..........................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.5%1/

Of yarns of different colors, except blue denim
or jacquard weave (218)...................................

Blue denim (225)...............................................

Other:

Poplin or broadcloth (614).........................

Sheeting (613).............................................

Printcloth (615)............................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes
(226).............................................................

Duck (219)...................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)..............

Oxford cloth (227).......................................

Other (220)..................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-29

2

5516

Woven fabrics of artificial staple fibers:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of artificial staple
fibers:

5516.11.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

14.9%1/

10

20

90

Plain weave (611).....................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (611)............................

Other (611)................................................................

5516.12.00

Dyed..................................................................................

10

20

90

Plain weave (611).....................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (611)............................

Other (611)................................................................

5516.13.00

00

Of yarns of different colors (611)...................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

14.9%1/

5516.14.00

Printed..............................................................................

..................

10%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

15

25

30

85

95

Plain weave:

Discharge printed (611)....................................

Other (611).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave:

Discharge printed (611)....................................

Other (611).........................................................

Other:

Discharge printed (611)....................................

Other (611).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5516 (con.)

Woven fabrics of artificial staple fibers: (con.)

Containing less than 85 percent by weight of artificial staple
fibers, mixed mainly or solely with man-made filaments:

5516.21.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

14.9%1/

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

5516.22.00

Dyed..................................................................................

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

5516.23.00

Of yarns of different colors.............................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

14.9%1/

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

8.5%1/

10

20

30

40

90

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other (629)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

5516 (con.)

Woven fabrics of artificial staple fibers: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-31

2

Containing less than 85 percent by weight of artificial staple
fibers, mixed mainly or solely with man-made filaments:
(con.)

5516.24.00

Printed..............................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Poplin or broadcloth (625).......................................

Sheeting (627)..........................................................

Printcloth (626).........................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (628)............................

Other:

Discharge printed (629)....................................

Other (629).........................................................

Containing less than 85 percent by weight of artificial staple
fibers, mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:

Unbleached or bleached:

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

19.8%1/

10

20

30

40

85

95

10

20

5516.31
5516.31.05

5516.31.10

00

Other (624)................................................................

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

5516.32
5516.32.05

Dyed:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

25%1/

10

20

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

5516.32.10

00

Other (624)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5516 (con.)

Woven fabrics of artificial staple fibers: (con.)

5516.33
5516.33.05

Containing less than 85 percent by weight of artificial staple
fibers, mixed mainly or solely with wool or fine animal hair:
(con.)

Of yarns of different colors:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

25%1/

10

20

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

5516.33.10

00

Other (624)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

5516.34
5516.34.05

Printed:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

19.7%1/

10

20

Not combed (410)..............................................

Combed (410)....................................................

5516.34.10

00

Other (624)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²..............
kg

12%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

48.5¢/kg +
68.5%

80.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-33

2

5516 (con.)

Woven fabrics of artificial staple fibers: (con.)

Containing less than 85 percent by weight of artificial staple
fibers, mixed mainly or solely with cotton:

5516.41.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

14.9%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

22

27

30

40

50

60

70

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting:

Of a width exceeding 127 cm (613)................

Other (613).........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

5516.42.00

Dyed..................................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

22

27

30

40

50

60

70

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting:

Of a width exceeding 127 cm (613)................

Other (613).........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5516 (con.)

Woven fabrics of artificial staple fibers: (con.)

Containing less than 85 percent by weight of artificial staple
fibers, mixed mainly or solely with cotton: (con.)

5516.43.00

Of yarns of different colors.............................................

..................

Free1/

81%

10

15

20

35

80

Denim:

Blue denim (225)...............................................

Other denim (218).............................................

Jacquard weave (220).............................................

Other:

Of a width exceeding 127 cm (218)................

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

Other (218).........................................................

5516.44.00

Printed..............................................................................

m²
kg
..................

8.5%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

22

27

30

40

50

60

70

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting:

Of a width exceeding 127 cm (613)................

Other (613).........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
55-35

2

5516 (con.)

Woven fabrics of artificial staple fibers: (con.)

Other:

5516.91.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

5516.92.00

Dyed..................................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
55-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5516 (con.)

Woven fabrics of artificial staple fibers: (con.)

Other: (con.)

5516.93.00

Of yarns of different colors.............................................

..................

8.5%1/

10

20

90

Blue denim (225)......................................................

Jacquard weave (220).............................................

Other (218)................................................................

5516.94.00

Printed..............................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

12%1/

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

81%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

90

Poplin or broadcloth (614).......................................

Sheeting (613)..........................................................

Printcloth (615).........................................................

Cheesecloth; lawns, voiles or batistes (226).........

Duck (219).................................................................

Satin weave or twill weave (617)............................

Oxford cloth (227).....................................................

Other (220)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 55 - 37

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.55.01 and 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.88.69.
4/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 56

WADDING, FELT AND NONWOVENS; SPECIAL YARNS;
TWINE, CORDAGE, ROPES AND CABLES
AND ARTICLES THEREOF

XI
56-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Wadding, felt or nonwovens, impregnated, coated or covered with substances or preparations (for example, perfumes or
cosmetics of chapter 33, soaps or detergents of heading 3401, polishes, creams or similar preparations of heading 3405,
fabric softeners of heading 3809) where the textile material is present merely as a carrying medium;

(b) Textile products of heading 5811;

(c) Natural or artificial abrasive powder or grain, on a backing of felt or nonwovens (heading 6805);

(d) Agglomerated or reconstituted mica, on a backing of felt or nonwovens (heading 6814);

(e) Metal foil on a backing of felt or nonwovens (generally section XIV or XV); or

(f) Sanitary pads (towels) and tampons, diapers (napkins) and diaper liners and similar articles of heading 9619.

2.

The term "felt" includes needleloom felt and fabrics consisting of a web of textile fibers the cohesion of which has been enhanced
by a stitch-bonding process using fibers from the web itself.

3. Headings 5602 and 5603 cover respectively felt and nonwovens, impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics or

rubber whatever the nature of these materials (compact or cellular).

Heading 5603 also includes nonwovens in which plastics or rubber forms the bonding substance.

Headings 5602 and 5603 do not, however, cover:

(a) Felt impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics or rubber, containing 50 percent or less by weight of textile

material or felt completely embedded in plastics or rubber (chapter 39 or 40);

(b) Nonwovens, either completely embedded in plastics or rubber, or entirely coated or covered on both sides with such materials,
provided that such coating or covering can be seen with the naked eye with no account being taken of any resulting change
of color (chapter 39 or 40); or

(c) Plates, sheets or strip of cellular plastics or cellular rubber combined with felt or nonwovens, where the textile material is

present merely for reinforcing purposes (chapter 39 or 40).

4. Heading 5604 does not cover textile yarn, or strip or the like of heading 5404 or 5405, in which the impregnation, coating or

covering cannot be seen with the naked eye (usually chapters 50 to 55); for the purpose of this provision, no account should be
taken of any resulting change of color.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

The term "of wide nonfibrillated strip", as applied to twine, cordage, rope or cables of subheadings 5607.41.10 and 5607.49.10,
embraces products which contain more than 65 percent by weight of nonfibrillated polyethylene or polypropylene strip (whether
folded, twisted or crimped) measuring more than 25.4 mm in width in unfolded, untwisted and uncrimped condition.

2. Heading 5607 does not cover twine, cordage, rope or cables, of metal (section XV).

Statistical Note

1.

The term "salmon gill netting, of nylon or other polyamides", as used in statistical reporting number 5608.19.1010, means fish
netting, of nylon or other polyamide fibers, consisting of monofilament yarns measuring not more than 0.806 mm in maximum
cross-sectional dimension or multifilament yarns measuring not more than 233 decitex, or a combination of the foregoing, of
double- or triple-knot construction, colored, having a stretch mesh size of not less than 10.5 cm and not more than 21.6 cm.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
56-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5601

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wadding of textile materials and articles thereof; textile fibers,
not exceeding 5 mm in length (flock), textile dust and mill neps:

Wadding of textile materials and articles thereof:

5601.21.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

3.6%1/

Wadding, in the piece (223)....................................

kg

Other (369)................................................................
Of man-made fibers........................................................

kg
..................

6.3%1/

Wadding, in the piece (223)....................................

kg

Flocked swabs, other than articles of heading 3926
(669)...........................................................................

kg

Other (669)................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

4%1/

40%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

74%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (469).............................

kg

kg

Other (899)................................................................
Textile flock and dust and mill neps.....................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

25%

10

90

10

50

91

10

20

90
00

5601.22.00

5601.29.00

5601.30.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
56-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5602
5602.10
5602.10.10

Felt, whether or not impregnated, coated, covered or laminated:

Needleloom felt and stitchbonded fiber fabrics:

00

Laminated fabrics (223).................................................

kg..............

12%1/

5602.10.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

10.6%1/

10

90

5602.21.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (414).............................

Other (223)................................................................
Other felt, not impregnated, coated, covered or laminated:
Of wool or fine animal hair (414)...................................

kg

kg

kg..............

49.5¢/kg +
7.5%1/

5602.29.00

00

Of other textile materials (223)......................................

kg..............

6.3%1/

5602.90
5602.90.30

00

Other:

Laminated fabrics (223).................................................

kg..............

5602.90.60

00

Of man-made fibers (223).......................................

kg..............

Other:

Free1/

6.3%1/

5602.90.90

00

Other (414)................................................................

kg..............

52.9¢/kg + 8%1/

83.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

74%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

88¢/kg + 40%

74%

83.5%

74%

88¢/kg + 40%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
56-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5603

5603.11.00

10

70

95

10

70

95

10

70

95

00

10

90

5603.12.00

5603.13.00

5603.14
5603.14.30

5603.14.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Nonwovens, whether or not impregnated, coated, covered or
laminated:

Of man-made filaments:

Weighing not more than 25 g/m2...................................
Impregnated, coated or covered with material other
than or in addition to rubber, plastics, wood pulp
or glass fibers; "imitation suede" (223)..................

Nonwoven articles, ready for use and packaged
for industrial, institutional or retail sale, whether or
not separated, perforated or impregnated, not
elsewhere specified or included (223)...................

Other (223)................................................................

Weighing more than 25 g/m2 but not more than 70
g/m2...................................................................................
Impregnated, coated or covered with material other
than or in addition to rubber, plastics, wood pulp
or glass fibers; "imitation suede" (223)..................

Nonwoven articles, ready for use and packaged
for industrial, institutional or retail sale, whether or
not separated, perforated or impregnated, not
elsewhere specified or included (223)...................

Other (223)................................................................

Weighing more than 70 g/m2 but not more than 150
g/m2...................................................................................
Impregnated, coated or covered with material other
than or in addition to rubber, plastics, wood pulp
or glass fibers; "imitation suede" (223)..................

Nonwoven articles, ready for use and packaged
for industrial, institutional or retail sale, whether or
not separated, perforated or impregnated, not
elsewhere specified or included (223)...................

Other (223)................................................................

Weighing more than 150 g/m2:

..................

Free1/

74%

kg

kg
m2
kg

..................

Free1/

74%

kg

kg

kg

..................

Free1/

74%

kg

kg

kg

Laminated fabrics (223)...........................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Impregnated, coated or covered with material
other than or in addition to rubber, plastics,
wood pulp or glass fibers; "imitation suede"
(223)....................................................................

Other (223).........................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

83.5%

74%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
56-5

Nonwovens, whether or not impregnated, coated, covered or
laminated: (con.)

Other:

74%

74%

74%

40%

83.5%

74%

Weighing not more than 25 g/m2...................................
Impregnated, coated or covered with material other
than or in addition to rubber, plastics, wood pulp
or glass fibers; "imitation suede" (223)..................

Other (223)................................................................

Weighing more than 25 g/m2 but not more than 70
g/m2...................................................................................
Impregnated, coated or covered with material other
than or in addition to rubber, plastics, wood pulp
or glass fibers; "imitation suede" (223)..................

Nonwoven articles, ready for use and packaged
for industrial, institutional or retail sale, whether or
not separated, perforated or impregnated, not
elsewhere specified or included (223)2/.................

Other (223)2/..............................................................

Weighing more than 70 g/m2 but not more than 150
g/m2...................................................................................
Impregnated, coated or covered with material other
than or in addition to rubber, plastics, wood pulp
or glass fibers; "imitation suede" (223)..................

Other (223)2/..............................................................

Weighing more than 150 g/m2:

Floor covering underlays.........................................
Of wool or fine animal hair (469)......................

Other...................................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

Free1/

..................
m2
kg
m2
kg

Other:

Laminated fabrics (223)....................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Impregnated, coated or covered with
material other than or in addition to rubber,
plastics, wood pulp or glass fibers;
"imitation suede" (223)...............................

..................

Free1/

kg

Other nonwovens, whether or not
impregnated, coated or covered:

Thermal bonded, of staple fibers
(223)......................................................

kg

Obtained by mechanical
entanglement, of staple fibers
(223)......................................................

Other:

Of filaments (223)..........................

Of staple fibers (223)....................

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5603 (con.)

5603.91.00

5603.92.00

5603.93.00

5603.94
5603.94.10

10

90

10

70

95

10

90

10

90

5603.94.30

00

5603.94.90

10

30

50

70

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
56-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5604

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Rubber thread and cord, textile covered; textile yarn, and strip
and the like of heading 5404 or 5405, impregnated, coated,
covered or sheathed with rubber or plastics:

5604.10.00

00

Rubber thread and cord, textile covered (201)...................

kg..............

6.3%1/

Other:

5604.90.20

00

High tenacity yarn of polyesters, of nylon or other
polyamides or of viscose rayon, impregnated or coated
(201).................................................................................

kg..............

8.8%1/

5604.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

5605.00

5605.00.10

00

Metalized yarn, whether or not gimped, being textile yarn, or
strip or the like of heading 5404 or 5405, combined with metal
in the form of thread, strip or powder or covered with metal:
Metal coated or metal laminated man-made filament or
strip or the like, ungimped, and untwisted or with twist of
less than 5 turns per meter...................................................

kg..............

7.5%1/

5605.00.90

00

Other (201).............................................................................

kg..............

13.2%1/

5606.00.00

Gimped yarn, and strip and the like of heading 5404 or 5405,
gimped (other than those of heading 5605 and gimped
horsehair yarn); chenille yarn (including flock chenille yarn);
loop wale-yarn...............................................................................

..................

8%1/

10

90

Containing elastomeric filaments (201)...............................

Other (201).............................................................................

kg

kg

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

50%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

81%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

81%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

80%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5607

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
56-7

Twine, cordage, ropes and cables, whether or not plaited or
braided and whether or not impregnated, coated, covered or
sheathed with rubber or plastics:

Of sisal or other textile fibers of the genus Agave:

5607.21.00

00

Binder or baler twine.......................................................

kg..............

5607.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.6%1/

5607.41
5607.41.10

00

Of polyethylene or polypropylene:

Binder or baler twine:

Of wide nonfibrillated strip.......................................

kg..............

2.7%1/

5607.41.30

00

Other (201)................................................................

kg..............

4%1/

5607.49
5607.49.10

00

Other:

Of wide nonfibrillated strip.......................................

kg..............

2.7%1/

5607.49.15

00

Other, not braided or plaited:

Measuring less than 4.8 mm in diameter
(201)....................................................................

kg..............

7%1/

5607.49.25

00

Other (201).........................................................

kg..............

9.8¢/kg + 5.3%1/

5607.49.30

00

Other (669)................................................................

kg..............

3.6%1/

5607.50

5607.50.25

00

Of other synthetic fibers:

Not braided or plaited:

3-ply or 4-ply multicolored twine having a final "S"
twist, containing at least 10 percent by weight of
cotton, measuring less than 3.5 mm in diameter
(201)...........................................................................

kg..............

7%1/

5607.50.35

00

Other (201)................................................................

kg..............

19.9¢/kg +
10.8%1/

5607.50.40

00

Other (669).......................................................................

kg..............

3.6%1/

Free

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

76.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

76.5%

27.6¢/kg +
76.5%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

76.5%

27.6¢/kg +
76.5%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
56-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5607 (con.)

5607.90
5607.90.10

00

Twine, cordage, ropes and cables, whether or not plaited or
braided and whether or not impregnated, coated, covered or
sheathed with rubber or plastics: (con.)

Other:

Of coir...............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

5607.90.15

00

Of jute or other textile bast fibers of heading 5303......

kg..............

5607.90.25

00

Of abaca (Manila hemp or Musa textilis Nee) or other
hard (leaf) fibers:

Of stranded construction measuring 1.88 cm or
over in diameter........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5607.90.35

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.4%1/

5607.90.90

00

Other (201).......................................................................

kg..............

6.3%1/

Free

20%

4¢/kg

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
56-9

Knotted netting of twine, cordage or rope; made up fishing nets
and other made up nets, of textile materials:

Of man-made textile materials:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5608

5608.11.00

Made up fishing nets.......................................................

..................

8%1/

10

90

10

20

10

90

00

5608.19
5608.19.10

5608.19.20

5608.90
5608.90.10

Hand-cast string-drawn...........................................

Other (229)................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Fish netting................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

Salmon gill netting, of nylon or other
polyamides (229)...............................................

kg

Other (229).........................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

5%1/

Bait bags with draw string closures.................

Other (229).........................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Fish netting and fishing nets..........................................

kg..............

8%1/

Other:

Of cotton:

5608.90.23

00

Hammocks..........................................................

kg..............

14.1%1/

5608.90.27

00

Other (229).........................................................

kg..............

14.1%1/

5608.90.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

82%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

82%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

82%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

90%

90%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XI
56-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5609.00

5609.00.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles of yarn, strip or the like of heading 5404 or 5405, twine,
cordage, rope or cables, not elsewhere specified or included:
Of cotton..................................................................................

kg..............

2.9%1/

5609.00.20

00

Of vegetable fibers, except cotton.......................................

kg..............

5609.00.30

00

Of man-made fibers...............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

4.5%1/

5609.00.40

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.9%1/

40%

40%

78.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 56 - 11

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 57

CARPETS AND OTHER TEXTILE FLOOR COVERINGS

Notes

1.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "carpets and other textile floor coverings" means floor coverings in which textile
materials serve as the exposed surface of the article when in use and includes articles having the characteristics of textile floor
coverings but intended for use for other purposes.

2.

This chapter does not cover floor covering underlays.

XI
57-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
57-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5701

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carpets and other textile floor coverings, knotted, whether or
not made up:

5701.10

Of wool or fine animal hair:

In which the pile was hand-inserted or hand-knotted
during weaving or knitting, with over 50 percent by
weight of the pile being hair of the alpaca, guanaco,
huarizo, llama, misti, suri or any combination of these
hairs:

5701.10.13

00

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products........

5701.10.16

00

Other (465)................................................................

5701.10.40

00

Other:

Hand-hooked, that is, in which the tufts were
inserted and knotted by hand or by means of a
hand tool (465)..........................................................

5701.10.90

00

Other (465)................................................................

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free2/

4.5%2/

Free1/

5701.90
5701.90.10

5701.90.20

Of other textile materials:

With pile inserted and knotted during weaving or
knitting..............................................................................
Hand-knotted............................................................

Other:

Of cotton (369)...................................................

Of man-made fibers (665)................................

Other...................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Hand-hooked, that is, in which the tufts were
inserted and knotted by hand or by means of a
hand tool....................................................................

Other:

Of cotton (369)...................................................

Of man-made fibers (665)................................

Other...................................................................

..................
m2
kg

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg
..................

m2
kg

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg

10

20

30

90

10

20

30

90

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free2/

60%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
57-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5702

5702.10

Carpets and other textile floor coverings, woven, not tufted or
flocked, whether or not made up, including "Kelem",
"Schumacks", "Karamanie" and similar handwoven rugs:
"Kelem", "Schumacks", "Karamanie" and similar hand
woven rugs:

5702.10.10

00

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products...............

5702.10.90

10

20

30

90

Other.................................................................................
Of wool or fine animal hair (465).............................

Of cotton (369)..........................................................

Of man-made fibers (665).......................................

Other..........................................................................

5702.20
5702.20.10

00

Floor coverings of coconut fibers (coir):

With pile............................................................................

5702.20.20

00

Other.................................................................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

..................
m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

45%

45%

$1.29/m2

16%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
57-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5702 (con.)

5702.31
5702.31.10

00

Carpets and other textile floor coverings, woven, not tufted or
flocked, whether or not made up, including "Kelem",
"Schumacks", "Karamanie" and similar handwoven rugs: (con.)

Other, of pile construction, not made up:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Wilton (including brussels) and velvet (including
tapestry) floor coverings and floor coverings of like
character or description (465).................................

5702.31.20

00

Other (465)................................................................

5702.32
5702.32.10

00

Of man-made textile materials:

Wilton (including brussels) and velvet (including
tapestry) floor coverings and floor coverings of like
character or description (665).................................

5702.32.20

00

Other (665)................................................................

5702.39
5702.39.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Of jute........................................................................

m2..............
kg

8%1/

m2..............
kg

4%1/

m2..............
kg

8%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

Free1/

5702.39.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.6%1/

10

90

Of cotton (369)...................................................

Other...................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

60%

60%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
57-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5702 (con.)

5702.41
5702.41.10

00

Carpets and other textile floor coverings, woven, not tufted or
flocked, whether or not made up, including "Kelem",
"Schumacks", "Karamanie" and similar handwoven rugs: (con.)

Other, of pile construction, made up:
Of wool or fine animal hair:

Wilton (including brussels) and velvet (including
tapestry) floor coverings and floor coverings of like
character or description (465).................................

5702.41.20

00

Other (465)................................................................

5702.42
5702.42.10

00

5702.42.20

5702.49
5702.49.10

20

80

20

80

Of man-made textile materials:

Wilton (including brussels) and velvet (including
tapestry) floor coverings and floor coverings of like
character or description (665).................................

Other..........................................................................
Not made on a power-driven loom (665)........

Other (665).........................................................

Of other textile materials:

Of cotton....................................................................
Not made on a power-driven loom (369)........

Other (369).........................................................

5702.49.15

00

5702.49.20

00

Of jute........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

m2..............
kg

Free1/

..................
m2
kg
m2
kg

..................
m2
kg
m2
kg
m2..............
m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
4%1/

60%

60%

60%

60%

35%

35%

60%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
57-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5702 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carpets and other textile floor coverings, woven, not tufted or
flocked, whether or not made up, including "Kelem",
"Schumacks", "Karamanie" and similar handwoven rugs: (con.)

5702.50

Other, not of pile construction, not made up:

5702.50.20

00

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Woven, but not made on a power-driven loom
(465)...........................................................................

5702.50.40

00

Other (465)................................................................

5702.50.52

00

Of man-made textile materials (665)............................

5702.50.56

00

Of cotton (369)..........................................................

Of other textile materials:

5702.50.59

00

Other..........................................................................

m2..............
kg

4.3%1/

m2..............
kg

6.3%1/

m2..............
kg

4.7%1/

m2..............
kg

6.8%1/

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

45%

60%

40%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5702 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
57-7

Carpets and other textile floor coverings, woven, not tufted or
flocked, whether or not made up, including "Kelem",
"Schumacks", "Karamanie" and similar handwoven rugs: (con.)

Other, not of pile construction, made up:

5702.91

Of wool or fine animal hair:

5702.91.20

00

Woven, but not made on a power-driven loom:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore
products..............................................................

5702.91.30

00

Other (465).........................................................

5702.91.40

00

Other (465)................................................................

5702.92
5702.92.10

00

Of man-made textile materials:

Woven, but not made on a power-driven loom
(665)...........................................................................

5702.92.90

00

Other (665)................................................................

5702.99

Of other textile materials:

Of cotton:

5702.99.05

00

Woven, but not made on a power-driven loom
(369)....................................................................

5702.99.15

00

Other (369).........................................................

5702.99.20

00

Other..........................................................................

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

4.3%1/

m2..............
kg

3.6%1/

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

m2..............
kg

6.8%1/

m2..............
kg

6.8%1/

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,

45%

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, NP, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,

40%

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,

45%

CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
57-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5703

5703.10
5703.10.20

00

Carpets and other textile floor coverings (including turf), tufted,
whether or not made up:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Hand-hooked, that is, in which the tufts were inserted
by hand or by means of a hand tool (465)....................

m2..............
kg

6%1/

m2..............
kg

6%1/

5703.10.80

00

Other (465).......................................................................

5703.21.00

Turf....................................................................................

..................

6.7%1/

Of nylon or other polyamides:

10

90

5703.29
5703.29.10

00

Measuring not more than 5.25 m2 in area (665)....

Other (665)................................................................

Other:

Hand-hooked, that is, in which the tufts were
inserted by hand or by means of a hand tool
(665)...........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

m2..............
kg

5.8%1/

5703.29.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.7%1/

10

90

Measuring not more than 5.25 m2 in area
(665)....................................................................

Other (665).........................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

60%

60%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, NP, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
57-9

Carpets and other textile floor coverings (including turf), tufted,
whether or not made up: (con.)

Of other man-made textile materials:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5703 (con.)

5703.31.00

Turf....................................................................................

..................

6%1/

30

60

85

Measuring not more than 5.25 m2 in area (665)....

Other:

In rolls of a width equal to or exceeding 1.0
meter, or in sheets measuring 1.0 meter or
greater on any side (665)..................................

Other (665).........................................................

m2
kg

m2
kg
m2
kg

5703.39
5703.39.10

00

Other:

Hand-hooked, that is, in which the tufts were
inserted by hand or by means of a hand tool
(665)...........................................................................

m2..............
kg

6%1/

5703.39.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

6%1/

30

90

Measuring not more than 5.25 m2 in area
(665)....................................................................

Other (665).........................................................

5703.90.00

00

Of other textile materials.......................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2..............
kg

3.8%1/

60%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, NP,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
57-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5704

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carpets and other textile floor coverings, of felt, not tufted or
flocked, whether or not made up:

5704.10.00

Tiles, having a maximum surface area of 0.3 m2................

..................

4.7%1/

5704.20.00

5704.90.01

10

90

10

90

10

90

Of wool or fine animal hair (465)...................................

Other (665).......................................................................

Tiles, having a maximum surface area exceeding 0.3m2
but not exceeding 1m2...........................................................
Of wool or fine animal hair (465)...................................

Other (665).......................................................................

Other........................................................................................
Of wool or fine animal hair (465)...................................

Other (665).......................................................................

5705.00

Other carpets and other textile floor coverings, whether or not
made up:

5705.00.10

00

Of coir......................................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

Free1/

Free1/

..................
m2
kg
m2
kg
..................
m2
kg
m2
kg

m2..............
kg

Free1/

5705.00.20

Other........................................................................................

..................

3.3%1/

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

16%

35%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

05

15

20

30

90

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Needlepoint (465).....................................................

Other (465)................................................................

Of cotton (369).................................................................

Of man-made fibers (665)..............................................

Other.................................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 57 - 11

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9817.57.01 and 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 58

SPECIAL WOVEN FABRICS; TUFTED TEXTILE FABRICS;
LACE; TAPESTRIES; TRIMMINGS; EMBROIDERY

XI
58-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not apply to textile fabrics referred to in note 1 to chapter 59, impregnated, coated, covered or laminated, or
to other goods of chapter 59.

2. Heading 5801 also includes woven weft pile fabrics which have not yet had the floats cut, at which stage they have no pile

standing up.

3.

For the purposes of heading 5803, "gauze" means a fabric with a warp composed wholly or in part of standing or ground threads
and crossing or doup threads which cross the standing or ground threads making a half turn, a complete turn or more to form
loops through which weft threads pass.

4. Heading 5804 does not apply to knotted net fabrics of twine, cordage or rope, of heading 5608.

5.

For the purposes of heading 5806, the expression "narrow woven fabrics" means:

(a) Woven fabrics of a width not exceeding 30 cm, whether woven as such or cut from wider pieces, provided with selvages

(woven, gummed or otherwise made) on both edges;

(b) Tubular woven fabrics of a flattened width not exceeding 30 cm; and

(c) Bias binding with folded edges, of a width when unfolded not exceeding 30 cm.

Narrow woven fabrics with woven fringes are to be classified in heading 5808.

6.

7.

In heading 5810, the expression "embroidery" means, inter alia , embroidery with metal or glass thread on a visible ground of
textile fabric, and sewn applique work of sequins, beads or ornamental motifs of textile or other materials. The heading does not
apply to needlework tapestry (heading 5805).

In addition to the products of heading 5809, this chapter also includes articles made of metal thread and of a kind used in apparel,
as furnishing fabrics or for similar purposes.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

The rates of duty applicable to subheading 5810.91.00 are:

column 1 (general)-

Free, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

column 2-

90%, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

2.

The rates of duty applicable to subheading 5810.92.10 are:

column 1 (general)-

4.2%, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

column 2-

90%, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

3.

The rates of duty applicable to subheading 5810.92.90 are:

column 1 (general)-

7.4%, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

column 2-

90%, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
58-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

4.

The rates of duty applicable to subheading 5810.99.10 are:

column 1 (general)-

7.4%, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

column 2-

90%, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

5.

The rates of duty applicable to subheading 5810.99.90 are:

column 1 (general)-

4.2%, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

column 2-

90%, but in the case of embroidery in the piece not less than the rate which would apply

to such product if not embroidered.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
58-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5801

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven pile fabrics and chenille fabrics, other than fabrics of
heading 5802 or 5806:

5801.10.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (414)..........................................

5801.21.00

00

Uncut weft pile fabrics (224)..........................................

Of cotton:

5801.22
5801.22.10

00

Cut corduroy:

Greater than 7.5 wales per cm (224).....................

5801.22.90

00

Other (224)................................................................

5801.23.00

00

Other weft pile fabrics (224)..........................................

5801.26.00

10

20

Chenille fabrics................................................................
With chenille yarns on one side only (224)............

Other (224)................................................................

5801.27
5801.27.10

00

Warp pile fabrics:

Epinglé (uncut) (224)...............................................

m²..............
kg

Free1/

m²..............
kg

20.2%1/

m²..............
kg

10%1/

m²..............
kg

20.2%1/

m²..............
kg

10%1/

Free1/

..................
m²
kg

m²
kg

m²..............
kg

10.5%1/

5801.27.50

Cut (224)....................................................................

..................

18.5%1/

10

20

Over 271 grams per square meter (224)........

Other (224).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

61.5%

50%

50%

50%

44%

50%

70%

70%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
58-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5801 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Woven pile fabrics and chenille fabrics, other than fabrics of
heading 5802 or 5806: (con.)
Of man-made fibers:

5801.31.00

00

Uncut weft pile fabrics (224)..........................................

5801.32.00

00

Cut corduroy (224)..........................................................

5801.33.00

00

Other weft pile fabrics (224)..........................................

m²..............
kg

17.2%

m²..............
kg

14%

m²..............
kg

9.8%2/

5801.36.00

Chenille fabrics................................................................

..................

9.8%2/

10

20

With chenille yarns on one side only (224)............

Other (224)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

5801.37
5801.37.10

00

Warp pile fabrics:

Epinglé (uncut) (224)...............................................

m²..............
kg

14%1/

5801.37.50

Cut..............................................................................

..................

17.2%1/

10

20

Over 271 grams per square meter (224)........

Other (224).........................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

5801.90
5801.90.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Of vegetable fibers, except cotton (810)......................

m²..............
kg

3.7%1/

5801.90.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.7%1/

10

90

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

Other (810)................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

79.5%

79.5%

79.5%

79.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

79.5%

79.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

50%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

70%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
58-5

Terry toweling and similar woven terry fabrics, other than
narrow fabrics of heading 5806; tufted textile fabrics, other
than products of heading 5703:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5802

5802.10
5802.10.10

00

Terry toweling and similar woven terry fabrics, of cotton:
Unbleached (224)...........................................................

5802.10.90

00

Other (224).......................................................................

m²..............
kg

9.8%1/

m²..............
kg

9.4%1/

5802.20.00

Terry toweling and similar woven terry fabrics, of other
textile materials.......................................................................

..................

14%1/

10

20

90

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

Of man-made fibers (224)..............................................

Other (810).......................................................................

5802.30.00

Tufted textile fabrics..............................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg
..................

6.2%1/

10

20

30

90

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (414)...................................

Of cotton; of man-made fibers (224).............................

Other (810).......................................................................

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

m²
kg

40%

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

79.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

79.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
58-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5803.00
5803.00.10

Gauze, other than narrow fabrics of heading 5806:

00

Of cotton (220).......................................................................

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

5803.00.20

00

Tapestry fabrics and upholstery fabrics of a weight
not exceeding 140 g/m² (414).................................

5803.00.30

00

Other (414)................................................................

5803.00.40

00

Of vegetable fibers, except cotton (810)......................

5803.00.50

00

Of man-made fibers (220)..............................................

5803.00.90

10

90

Other.................................................................................
Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

Other (810)................................................................

m²..............
kg

Free1/

m²..............
kg

7%1/

m²..............
kg

16.5%1/

m²..............
kg

Free1/

m²..............
kg

Free1/

..................

Free1/

m²
kg

m²
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

41.75%

68.5%

68.5%

35%

81%

60%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
58-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5804

5804.10
5804.10.10

00

Tulles and other net fabrics, not including woven, knitted or
crocheted fabrics; lace in the piece, in strips or in motifs, other
than fabrics of headings 6002 to 6006:

Tulles and other net fabrics:

Of cotton or man-made fibers (229)..............................

kg..............

6%1/

5804.10.90

10

90

Other.................................................................................
Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

Other (899)................................................................

Mechanically made lace:

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

5804.21.00

00

Of man-made fibers (229)..............................................

kg..............

12%1/

5804.29
5804.29.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Of cotton (229)..........................................................

kg..............

8%1/

5804.29.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

5%1/

5804.30.00

10

90

10

20

90

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

kg

Other (899).........................................................
Hand-made lace.....................................................................

kg
..................

13.2%1/

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

Of cotton; of man-made fibers (229).............................

Other (899).......................................................................

kg

kg

kg

90%

90%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
58-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5805.00

5805.00.10

00

Hand-woven tapestries of the type Gobelins, Flanders,
Aubusson, Beauvais and the like, and needle-worked tapestries
(for example, petit point, cross stitch), whether or not made
up:

Hand-woven tapestries fit only for use as wall hangings
and valued over $215 per square meter.............................

Other:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

5805.00.20

00

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products........

5805.00.25

00

Other (414)................................................................

5805.00.30

00

Of cotton (369).................................................................

5805.00.40

10

90

Other.................................................................................
Of man-made fibers (666).......................................

Other..........................................................................

m²..............
kg

Free1/

m²..............
kg

Free1/

Free3/

Free1/

Free3/

m²..............
kg
m²..............
kg

..................
m²
kg

m²
kg

5806

5806.10

Narrow woven fabrics, other than goods of heading 5807;
narrow fabrics consisting of warp without weft assembled by
means of an adhesive (bolducs):

Woven pile fabrics (including terry toweling and similar
terry fabrics) and chenille fabrics:

5806.10.10

00

Of cotton (229).................................................................

kg..............

7.8%1/

5806.10.24

00

Fastener fabric tapes (229).....................................

kg..............

7%1/

Of man-made fibers:

5806.10.28

00

Other (229)................................................................

kg..............

8.4%1/

5806.10.30

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.8%1/

5806.20.00

10

20

90

10

90

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (414).............................

Other (899)................................................................

Other woven fabrics, containing by weight 5 percent or
more of elastomeric yarn or rubber thread..........................

kg

kg

kg

..................

7%1/

Containing elastomeric yarn (229)................................

Other (229).......................................................................

kg

kg

Free

64.5%

64.5%

40%

74%

62.5%

68.5%

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

59%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5806 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
58-9

Narrow woven fabrics, other than goods of heading 5807;
narrow fabrics consisting of warp without weft assembled by
means of an adhesive (bolducs): (con.)

Other woven fabrics:

5806.31.00

00

Of cotton (229).................................................................

kg..............

8.8%1/

5806.32
5806.32.10

Of man-made fibers:

Ribbons......................................................................

..................

6%1/

10

20

30
40

50

60
70
80
95
00

5806.32.20

Suitable for the manufacture of typewriter or
similar ribbons of heading 9612 (621).............

kg

Other:

Of a width not exceeding 12 cm:

Of polyester:

With woven selvedge:

Containing wire in selvedge
(229).........................................

Other (229)..............................
Other (229).....................................

kg

kg
kg

Of nylon:

With woven selvedge:

Containing wire in selvedge
(229).........................................

kg

Other (229)..............................
Other (229).....................................
Other (229)...........................................
Other (229)..................................................
Other (229)................................................................

kg
kg
kg
kg
kg..............

6.2%1/

5806.39
5806.39.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair (414).............................

kg..............

6.6%1/

5806.39.20

00

Of vegetable fibers, except cotton (899)...............

kg..............

4.9%1/

5806.39.30

5806.40.00

10

20

80
00

Other..........................................................................
Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

Other:

Of metalized yarn (229)..............................

Other (899)..................................................

Fabrics consisting of warp without weft assembled by
means of an adhesive (bolducs)..........................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

8%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

76.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

84%

59%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

83.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
58-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5807

5807.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Labels, badges and similar articles of textile materials, in the
piece, in strips or cut to shape or size, not embroidered:

Woven:

Labels:

5807.10.05

Of cotton or man-made fibers.................................

..................

7.9%1/

10

20
00

5807.10.15

Of cotton (369)...................................................

kg

Other (669).........................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

4.5%1/

5807.10.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.3%1/

10

20

90

10

20
00

5807.90

5807.90.05

5807.90.15

Of cotton....................................................................

Of man-made fibers.................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Labels:

Of cotton or man-made fibers.................................

..................

7.9%1/

Of cotton (369)...................................................

kg

Other (669).........................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

4.5%1/

5807.90.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.3%1/

10

20

90

Of cotton....................................................................

Of man-made fibers.................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

71.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

71.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

71.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

71.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5808

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Braids in the piece; ornamental trimmings in the piece, without
embroidery, other than knitted or crocheted; tassels, pompons
and similar articles:

XI
58-11

2

5808.10

Braids in the piece:

5808.10.10

00

Of abaca or ramie (899)..........................................

kg..............

Suitable for making or ornamenting headwear:

5808.10.40

00

Of cotton or man-made fibers (229).......................

kg..............

5808.10.50

00

Of other textile materials..........................................

kg..............

5808.10.70

00

Of cotton or man-made fibers (229).......................

kg..............

Other:

Free1/

3.2%1/

Free1/

7.4%1/

5808.10.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

5808.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

3.9%1/

10

90

Of cotton; of man-made fibers (229).............................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

25%

90%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5809.00.00

00

Woven fabrics of metal thread and woven fabrics of metalized
yarn of heading 5605, of a kind used in apparel, as furnishing
fabrics or for similar purposes, not elsewhere specified or
included (229)...............................................................................

m²..............
kg

14.9%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

81%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
58-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5810
5810.10.00

Embroidery in the piece, in strips or in motifs:

00

Embroidery without visible ground (229).............................

kg..............

14.1%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5810.91.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

Other embroidery:

10

20

00

5810.92
5810.92.10

Weighing over 200 g/m²..........................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Of man-made fibers:

Badges, emblems and motifs..................................

kg..............

5810.92.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

30

50

80

00

5810.99
5810.99.10

Labels (669).......................................................

kg

Other:

On a ground fabric weighing less than
100 g/m² and of a width of more than
225 cm..........................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair (414).............................

kg..............

5810.99.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

See additional
U.S. note 14/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

See additional
U.S. note 1

See additional
U.S. note 24/

See additional
U.S. note 34/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

See additional
U.S. note 2

See additional
U.S. note 3

See additional
U.S. note 44/

See additional
U.S. note 54/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

See additional
U.S. note 4

See additional
U.S. note 5

XI
58-13

2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5811.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Quilted textile products in the piece, composed of one or more
layers of textile materials assembled with padding by stitching
or otherwise, other than embroidery of heading 5810:

5811.00.10

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (414)..........................................

5811.00.20

00

Of cotton (229).......................................................................

5811.00.30

00

Of man-made fibers (229).....................................................

5811.00.40

00

Of other textile materials.......................................................

m²..............
kg

13.2%1/

m²..............
kg

6.3%1/

m²..............
kg

8%1/

m²..............
kg

Free1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

57%

40%

83.5%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 58 - 14
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See 9817.57.01 and 9903.88.03.
4/ See 9903.88.03, 9903.88.21, 9903.88.22, 9903.88.23 and 9903.88.24.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 59

IMPREGNATED, COATED, COVERED OR LAMINATED TEXTILE FABRICS;
TEXTILE ARTICLES OF A KIND SUITABLE FOR INDUSTRIAL USE

XI
59-1

Notes

1. Except where the context otherwise requires, for the purposes of this chapter the expression "textile fabrics" applies only to the
woven fabrics of chapters 50 to 55 and headings 5803 and 5806, the braids and ornamental trimmings in the piece of heading
5808 and the knitted or crocheted fabrics of headings 6002 to 6006.

2. Heading 5903 applies to:

(a) Textile fabrics, impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics, whatever the weight per square meter and whatever

the nature of the plastic material (compact or cellular), other than:

(1) Fabrics in which the impregnation, coating or covering cannot be seen with the naked eye (usually chapters 50 to 55,

58 or 60); for the purpose of this provision, no account should be taken of any resulting change of color;

(2) Products which cannot, without fracturing, be bent manually around a cylinder of a diameter of 7 mm, at a temperature

between 15°C and 30°C (usually chapter 39);

(3) Products in which the textile fabric is either completely embedded in plastics or entirely coated or covered on both sides
with such material, provided that such coating or covering can be seen with the naked eye with no account being taken
of any resulting change of color (chapter 39);

(4) Fabrics partially coated or partially covered with plastics and bearing designs resulting from these treatments (usually

chapters 50 to 55, 58 or 60);

(5) Plates, sheets or strip of cellular plastics, combined with textile fabric, where the textile fabric is present merely for

reinforcing purposes (chapter 39); or

(6) Textile products of heading 5811.

(b) Fabrics made from yarn, strip or the like, impregnated, coated, covered or sheathed with plastics, of heading 5604.

3.

4.

For the purposes of heading 5903, “textile fabrics laminated with plastics” means products made by the assembly of one or more
layers of fabrics with one or more sheets or film of plastics which are combined by any process that bonds the layers together,
whether or not the sheets or film of plastics are visible to the naked eye in the cross-section.

For the purposes of heading 5905, the expression "textile wall coverings" applies to products in rolls, of a width of not less than
45 cm, suitable for wall or ceiling decoration, consisting of a textile surface which has been fixed on a backing or has been treated
on the back (impregnated or coated to permit pasting).

This heading does not, however, apply to wall coverings consisting of textile flock or dust fixed directly on a backing of paper
(heading 4814) or on a textile backing (generally heading 5907).

5.

For the purposes of heading 5906, the expression "rubberized textile fabrics" means:

(a) Textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber:

(i) Weighing not more than 1,500 g/m2; or

(ii) Weighing more than 1,500 g/m2 and containing more than 50 percent by weight of textile material;

(b) Fabrics made from yarn, strip or the like, impregnated, coated, covered or sheathed with rubber, of heading 5604; and

(c) Fabrics composed of parallel textile yarns agglomerated with rubber, irrespective of their weight per square meter.

This heading does not, however, apply to plates, sheets or strip of cellular rubber, combined with textile fabric, where the textile
fabric is present merely for reinforcing purposes (chapter 40), or textile products of heading 5811.

6. Heading 5907 does not apply to:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
59-2
Notes (con.)

(a) Fabrics in which the impregnation, coating or covering cannot be seen with the naked eye (usually chapters 50 to 55, 58 or

60); for the purpose of this provision, no account should be taken of any resulting change of color;

(b) Fabrics painted with designs (other than painted canvas being theatrical scenery, studio back-cloths or the like);

(c) Fabrics partially covered with flock, dust, powdered cork or the like and bearing designs resulting from these treatments;

however, imitation pile fabrics remain classified in this heading;

(d) Fabrics finished with normal dressings having a basis of amylaceous or similar substances;

(e) Wood veneered on a backing of textile fabrics (heading 4408);

(f) Natural or artificial abrasive powder or grain, on a backing of textile fabrics (heading 6805);

(g) Agglomerated or reconstituted mica, on a backing of textile fabrics (heading 6814); or

(h) Metal foil on a backing of textile fabrics (generally Section XIV or XV).

7. Heading 5910 does not apply to:

(a) Transmission or conveyor belting, of textile material, of a thickness of less than 3 mm; or

(b) Transmission or conveyor belts or belting of textile fabric impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber or made

from textile yarn or cord impregnated, coated, covered or sheathed with rubber (heading 4010).

8. Heading 5911 applies to the following goods, which do not fall in any other heading of section XI:

(a) Textile products in the piece, cut to length or simply cut to rectangular (including square) shape (other than those having the

character of the products of headings 5908 to 5910), the following only:

(i)

Textile fabrics, felt and felt-lined woven fabrics, coated, covered or laminated with rubber, leather or other material, of
a kind used for card clothing, and similar fabrics of a kind used for other technical purposes, including narrow fabrics
made of velvet impregnated with rubber, for covering weaving spindles (weaving beams);

(ii) Bolting cloth;

(iii) Filtering and straining cloth of a kind used in oil presses or the like, of textile material or of human hair;

(iv) Flat woven textile fabrics with multiple warp or weft, whether or not felted, impregnated or coated, of a kind used in

machinery or for other technical purposes;

(v) Textile fabric reinforced with metal, of a kind used for technical purposes;

(vi) Cords, braids and the like, whether or not coated, impregnated or reinforced with metal, of a kind used in industry as

packing or lubricating materials;

(b) Textile articles (other than those of headings 5908 to 5910) of a kind used for technical purposes (for example, textile fabrics
and felts, endless or fitted with linking devices, of a kind used in papermaking or similar machines (for example, for pulp or
asbestos-cement), gaskets, washers, polishing discs and other machinery parts).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
59-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5901

5901.10

Textile fabrics coated with gum or amylaceous substances, of
a kind used for the outer covers of books or the like; tracing
cloth; prepared painting canvas; buckram and similar stiffened
textile fabrics of a kind used for hat foundations:

Textile fabrics coated with gum or amylaceous sub-
stances, of a kind used for the outer covers of books or
the like:

5901.10.10

00

Of man-made fibers (229)..............................................

5901.10.20

00

Other (229).......................................................................

5901.90
5901.90.20

00

Other:

Of man-made fibers (229)..............................................

5901.90.40

00

Other (229).......................................................................

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

4.1%1/

m2..............
kg

7%1/

m2..............
kg

4.1%1/

5902

Tire cord fabric of high tenacity yarn of nylon or other poly-
amides, polyesters or viscose rayon:

5902.10.00

00

Of nylon or other polyamides (229)......................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

5902.20.00

00

Of polyesters (229)................................................................

kg..............

5.8%1/

5902.90.00

00

Other (229).............................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

74.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

74.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
59-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5903

5903.10
5903.10.10

00

Textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with
plastics, other than those of heading 5902:

With poly(vinyl chloride):

Of cotton...........................................................................

Of man-made fibers:

Fabrics specified in note 9 to section XI:

5903.10.15

00

Over 60 percent by weight of plastics.............

5903.10.18

00

Other (229).........................................................

5903.10.20

10

90

Other:

Over 70 percent by weight of rubber or
plastics................................................................
Fabrics, of yarns sheathed with poly(vinyl
chloride), not otherwise impregnated,
coated, covered or laminated....................

Other.............................................................

5903.10.25

00

Other (229).........................................................

5903.10.30

00

Other.................................................................................

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free2/

14.1%1/

40%

83.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

..................

Free1/

25%3/

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2..............
kg

7.5%1/

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

84.5%

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
59-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5903 (con.)

5903.20
5903.20.10

00

Textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with
plastics, other than those of heading 5902: (con.)

With polyurethane:

Of cotton...........................................................................

Of man-made fibers:

Fabrics specified in note 9 to section XI:

5903.20.15

00

Over 60 percent by weight of plastics.............

5903.20.18

00

Other (229).........................................................

5903.20.20

00

Over 70 percent by weight of rubber or
plastics................................................................

Other:

5903.20.25

00

Other (229).........................................................

5903.20.30

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.7%1/

10

90

Of wool or fine animal hair (414).............................

Other..........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

8%1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

7.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

83.5%

25%

84.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
59-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5903 (con.)

5903.90
5903.90.10

00

Textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with
plastics, other than those of heading 5902: (con.)

Other:

Of cotton...........................................................................

Of man-made fibers:

Fabrics specified in note 9 to section XI:

5903.90.15

00

Over 60 percent by weight of plastics.............

5903.90.18

00

Other (229).........................................................

5903.90.20

00

Over 70 percent by weight of rubber or
plastics................................................................

Other:

5903.90.25

00

Other (229).........................................................

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

8%1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

7.5%1/

5903.90.30

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.7%1/

10

90

Of wool or fine animal hair (414).............................

Other..........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

5904

Linoleum, whether or not cut to shape; floor coverings con-
sisting of a coating or covering applied on a textile backing,
whether or not cut to shape:

5904.10.00

00

Linoleum..................................................................................

5904.90
5904.90.10

00

Other:

With a base consisting of needleloom felt or non-
wovens..............................................................................

5904.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

5905.00
5905.00.10

Textile wall coverings:

00

Backed with permanently affixed paper..............................

5905.00.90

00

Other (229).............................................................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

83.5%

25%

84.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PE, S,
SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35%

40%

40%

3.3¢/kg + 20%

74%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
59-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5906
5906.10.00

Rubberized textile fabrics, other than those of heading 5902:
Adhesive tape of a width not exceeding 20 cm..................

00

kg..............

2.9%1/

5906.91
5906.91.10

00

5906.91.20

00

Other:

Knitted or crocheted:

Of cotton....................................................................

Of man-made fibers:

Over 70 percent by weight of rubber or
plastics................................................................

5906.91.25

00

Other (229).........................................................

5906.91.30

00

Other..........................................................................

5906.99
5906.99.10

00

Other:

Of cotton....................................................................

5906.99.20

00

Of man-made fibers:

Over 70 percent by weight of rubber or
plastics................................................................

5906.99.25

00

Other (229).........................................................

5906.99.30

00

Other..........................................................................

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

7.5%1/

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

m2..............
kg

2.7%1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

3.3%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25%

84.5%

40%

40%

25%

84.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
59-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5907.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Textile fabrics otherwise impregnated, coated or covered;
painted canvas being theatrical scenery, studio back-cloths
or the like:

Laminated fabrics; fabrics specified in note 9 to section
XI:

Of man-made fibers:

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

8%1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

8%1/

m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

..................
m2
kg
m2
kg

5907.00.05

00

Theatrical, ballet, and operatic scenery and
properties, including sets (229)..............................

5907.00.15

00

Other (229)................................................................

Other:

5907.00.25

00

Theatrical, ballet, and operatic scenery and
properties, including sets (229)..............................

5907.00.35

00

Other (229)................................................................

5907.00.60

00

Of man-made fibers (229)..............................................

Other:

5907.00.80

10

90

5908.00.00

00

Other.................................................................................
Of vegetable fibers, except cotton (810)...............

Other (229)................................................................

Textile wicks, woven, plaited or knitted, for lamps, stoves,
lighters, candles or the like; incandescent gas mantles and
tubular knitted gas mantle fabric therefor, whether or not
impregnated...................................................................................

kg..............

3.4%1/

5909.00

Textile hosepiping and similar textile tubing, with or without
lining, armor or accessories of other materials:

5909.00.10

00

Of vegetable fibers.................................................................

kg..............

5909.00.20

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

83.5%

83.5%

83.5%

83.5%

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

78.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

21.5%

88.5%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
59-9

Transmission or conveyor belts or belting, of textile material,
whether or not impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with
plastics, or reinforced with metal or other material:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5910.00

5910.00.10

Of man-made fibers...............................................................

..................

4%1/

74%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

60

70

90
00

5910.00.90

5911

5911.10

Power transmission belts and belting:

Belts:

V-belts.................................................................

Synchronous belts.............................................

Other...................................................................

Belting:

Link......................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

m
kg

Other...................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

m
kg
kg
kg..............

2.6%1/

Textile products and articles, for technical uses, specified in
note 8 to this chapter:

Textile fabrics, felt and felt-lined woven fabrics, coated,
covered or laminated with rubber, leather or other material,
of a kind used for card clothing, and similar fabrics of a
kind used for other technical purposes, including narrow
fabrics made of velvet impregnated with rubber, for
covering weaving spindles (weaving beams):

5911.10.10

00

Printers' rubberized blankets.........................................

kg..............

2.9%1/

5911.10.20

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.8%1/

5911.20
5911.20.10

00

Bolting cloth, whether or not made up:

Fabrics principally used for stenciling purposes in
screen-process printing..................................................

5911.20.20

00

Of silk.........................................................................

Other:

5911.20.30

00

Other (229)................................................................

m2..............
kg

3.3%1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

30%3/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

68.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

62%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free

63%

XI
59-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

5911 (con.)

5911.31.00

5911.32.00

10

20

30

80

10

20

30

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Textile products and articles, for technical uses, specified in
note 8 to this chapter: (con.)

Textile fabrics and felts, endless or fitted with linking
devices, of a kind used in papermaking or similar machines
(for example, for pulp or asbestos-cement):

Weighing less than 650 g/m2.........................................

..................

3.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

68.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Press felts..................................................................

Dryer felts and dryer fabrics....................................

Paper-forming fabrics..............................................

Other..........................................................................

Weighing 650 g/m2 or more............................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg
..................

Press felts..................................................................

Dryer felts and dryer fabrics....................................

Paper-forming fabrics..............................................

Other..........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg

3.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

68.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

5911.40.01

00

Filtering or straining cloth of a kind used in oil presses or
the like, including that of human hair...................................

m2..............
kg

8%1/

5911.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

3.8%1/

40

80

Cords, braids and the like of a kind used in industry
as packing or lubricating material..................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

81%

68.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 59 - 11

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 60

KNITTED OR CROCHETED FABRICS

XI
60-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Crochet lace of heading 5804;

(b) Labels, badges or similar articles, knitted or crocheted, of heading 5807; or

(c) Knitted or crocheted fabrics, impregnated, coated, covered or laminated, of chapter 59. However, knitted or crocheted pile

fabrics, impregnated, coated, covered or laminated, remain classified in heading 6001.

2.

3.

This chapter also includes fabrics made of metal thread and of a kind used in apparel, as furnishing fabrics or for similar purposes.

Throughout the tariff schedule any reference to "knitted" goods includes a reference to stitch-bonded goods in which the chain
stitches are formed of textile yarn.

Subheading Note

1. Subheading 6005.35 covers fabrics of polyethylene monofilament or of polyester multifilament, weighing not less than 30g/m2 and
not more than 55 g/m2, having a mesh size of not less than 20 holes/cm2 and not more than 100 holes/cm2, and impregnated or coated
with alpha-cypermethrin (ISO), chlorfenapyr (ISO), deltamethrin (INN, ISO), lambda-cyhalothrin (ISO), permethrin (ISO), or
pirimiphos-methyl (ISO).

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

For purposes of heading 6001, the term "long pile fabrics" refers to fabrics made by inserting fibers from card sliver into the loops
of the ground fabric during knitting.

For purposes of this chapter, the term "open-work fabrics" means fabrics with stable open meshes, whether or not containing
inwrought designs.

Statistical Note

1.

For purposes of statistical reporting numbers 6001.92.0010 and 6001.92.0030, the term "velour" refers to fabrics containing 12
or more stitches per centimeter in the vertical direction.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
60-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6001

6001.10
6001.10.20

00

Pile fabrics, including "long pile" fabrics and terry fabrics,
knitted or crocheted:

"Long pile" fabrics:

Of man-made fibers (224)1/............................................

6001.10.60

00

Other (224).......................................................................

6001.21.00

00

Of cotton (224).................................................................

Looped pile fabrics:

6001.22.00

00

Of man-made fibers (224)..............................................

6001.29.00

00

Of other textile materials (414)......................................

kg..............

7%2/

m2..............
kg

17.2%2/

m2..............
kg

9%2/

m2..............
kg

9.8%2/

m2..............
kg

17.2%

79.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

79.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

61.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
60-3

Pile fabrics, including "long pile" fabrics and terry fabrics,
knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Other:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6001 (con.)

6001.91.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

18.5%2/

10

20

Over 271 grams per square meter (224)...............

Other (224)................................................................

6001.92.00

Of man-made fibers........................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
..................

17.2%2/

70%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

79.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

Over 271 grams per square meter:

Velour (224)........................................................

Other (224).........................................................

Other:

Velour (224)........................................................

Other (224).........................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

m2
kg
m2
kg

6001.99
6001.99.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

6001.99.90

00

Other (414)................................................................

m2..............
kg

4%2/

m2..............
kg

7%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

61.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

61.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
60-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6002

6002.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Knitted or crocheted fabrics of a width not exceeding 30 cm,
containing by weight 5 percent or more of elastomeric yarn or
rubber thread, other than those of heading 6001:

Containing by weight 5 percent or more of elastomeric yarn
but not containing rubber thread:

6002.40.40

00

Of cotton (222).................................................................

kg..............

8.8%2/

6002.40.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

8%2/

20

80

00

6002.90
6002.90.40

Open-work fabrics, warp knit (222)........................

Other (222)................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Of cotton (222).................................................................

kg..............

8.8%2/

6002.90.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

8%2/

20

80

Open-work fabrics, warp knit (222)........................

Other (222)................................................................

kg

kg

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
60-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6003

6003.10
6003.10.10

00

Knitted or crocheted fabrics of a width not exceeding 30 cm,
other than those of heading 6001 or 6002:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Open-work fabrics, warp knit (229)..............................

kg..............

14.1%2/

6003.10.90

00

Other (899).......................................................................

kg..............

6.6%2/

6003.20
6003.20.10

00

Of cotton:

Open-work fabrics, warp knit (229)..............................

kg..............

14.1%2/

6003.20.30

00

Other (222).......................................................................

kg..............

8%2/

6003.30
6003.30.10

00

Of synthetic fibers:

Open-work fabrics, warp knit (229)..............................

kg..............

14.1%2/

6003.30.60

00

Other (222).......................................................................

kg..............

7.6%2/

6003.40
6003.40.10

00

Of artificial fibers:

Open-work fabrics, warp knit (229)..............................

kg..............

14.1%2/

6003.40.60

00

Other (222).......................................................................

kg..............

7.6%2/

6003.90
6003.90.10

00

Other:

Open-work fabrics, warp knit (229)..............................

kg..............

14.1%2/

6003.90.90

00

Other (899).......................................................................

kg..............

6.6%2/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

59%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

35%

90%

90%

90%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

59%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
60-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6004

6004.10.00

10

25
85

10

25
85
00

6004.90
6004.90.20

6004.90.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Knitted or crocheted fabrics of a width exceeding 30 cm,
containing by weight 5 percent or more of elastomeric yarn or
rubber thread, other than those of heading 6001:

Containing by weight 5 percent or more of elastomeric yarn
but not containing rubber thread..........................................

..................

12.3%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

113.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Warp knit:

Open-work figured fabrics (222)............................

Other (222)................................................................
Other (222).......................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other:

Containing elastomeric yarn and rubber thread..........

..................

12.3%2/

Warp knit:

Open-work figured fabrics (222)......................

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Other (222)................................................................
Other (222).......................................................................

kg
kg
kg..............

7%2/

6005

Warp knit fabrics (including those made on galloon knitting
machines), other than those of headings 6001 to 6004:

Of cotton:

6005.21.00

00

Unbleached or bleached (222)......................................

kg..............

10%2/

6005.22.00

00

Dyed (222).......................................................................

kg..............

10%2/

6005.23.00

00

Of yarns of different colors (222)...................................

kg..............

10%2/

6005.24.00

00

Printed (222)....................................................................

kg..............

10%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

113.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
60-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6005 (con.)

6005.35.00

00

Warp knit fabrics (including those made on galloon knitting
machines), other than those of headings 6001 to 6004: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Fabrics specified in subheading note 1 to this
chapter..............................................................................

kg..............

10%3/

6005.36.00

Other, unbleached or bleached.....................................

..................

10%2/

6005.37.00

6005.38.00

6005.39.00

10

20

80

10

20

80

10

20

80

10

20

80

Open-work fabrics (229)..........................................

kg

Other:

Stitch-bonded goods (223)...............................

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Other, dyed......................................................................

kg
..................

10%2/

Open-work fabrics (229)..........................................

kg

Other:

Stitch-bonded goods (223)...............................

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Other, of yarns of different colors..................................

kg
..................

10%2/

Open-work fabrics (229)..........................................

kg

Other:

Stitch-bonded goods (223)...............................

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Other, printed...................................................................

kg
..................

10%2/

Open-work fabrics (229)..........................................

kg

Other:

Stitch-bonded goods (223)...............................

Other (222).........................................................

kg

kg

113.5%

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
60-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6005 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Warp knit fabrics (including those made on galloon knitting
machines), other than those of headings 6001 to 6004: (con.)

Of artificial fibers:

6005.41.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

10%

10

20

80

10

20

80

10

20

80

10

20

80

00

6005.42.00

6005.43.00

6005.44.00

6005.90
6005.90.10

Open-work fabrics (229)..........................................

kg

Other:

Stitch-bonded goods (223)...............................

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Dyed..................................................................................

kg
..................

10%2/

Open-work fabrics (229)..........................................

kg

Other:

Stitch-bonded goods (223)...............................

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Of yarns of different colors.............................................

kg
..................

10%2/

Open-work fabrics (229)..........................................

kg

Other:

Stitch-bonded goods (223)...............................

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Printed..............................................................................

kg
..................

10%2/

Open-work fabrics (229)..........................................

kg

Other:

Stitch-bonded goods (223)...............................

Other (222).........................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Of wool or fine animal hair (414)...................................

kg..............

10%2/

6005.90.90

00

Other (899).......................................................................

kg..............

10%2/

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

65.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
60-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6006
6006.10.00

Other knitted or crocheted fabrics:

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (414)..........................................

kg..............

10%2/

6006.21
6006.21.10

00

Of cotton:

Unbleached or bleached:

Circular knit, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding
100 metric number per single yarn (222)...............

kg..............

10%2/

6006.21.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

10%2/

20

80

00

6006.22
6006.22.10

Of single knit construction (222)......................

Other (222).........................................................

kg

kg

Dyed:

Circular knit, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding
100 metric number per single yarn (222)...............

kg..............

10%2/

6006.22.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

10%2/

20

80

00

6006.23
6006.23.10

Of single knit construction (222)......................

Other (222).........................................................

kg

kg

Of yarns of different colors:

Circular knit, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding
100 metric number per single yarn (222)...............

kg..............

10%2/

6006.23.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

10%2/

20

80

00

6006.24
6006.24.10

Of single knit construction (222)......................

Other (222).........................................................

kg

kg

Printed:

Circular knit, wholly of cotton yarns exceeding
100 metric number per single yarn (222)...............

kg..............

10%2/

6006.24.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

10%

20

80

Of single knit construction (222)......................

Other (222).........................................................

kg

kg

65.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
60-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6006 (con.)

Other knitted or crocheted fabrics: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

6006.31.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

10%2/

6006.32.00

6006.33.00

6006.34.00

20

40

60
80

20

40

60
80

20

40

60
80

20

40

60
80

Of double knit or interlock construction:

Of nylon (222)....................................................

Of polyester (222)..............................................

kg

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Other (222)................................................................
Dyed..................................................................................

kg
kg
..................

10%2/

Of double knit or interlock construction:

Of nylon (222)....................................................

Of polyester (222)..............................................

kg

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Other (222)................................................................
Of yarns of different colors.............................................

kg
kg
..................

10%2/

Of double knit or interlock construction:

Of nylon (222)....................................................

Of polyester (222)..............................................

kg

kg

Other (222).........................................................
Other (222)................................................................
Printed..............................................................................

kg
kg
..................

10%2/

Of double knit or interlock construction:

Of nylon (222)....................................................

Of polyester (222)..............................................

Other (222).........................................................
Other (222)................................................................

kg

kg

kg
kg

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

6006 (con.)

Other knitted or crocheted fabrics: (con.)

Of artificial fibers:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
60-11

2

6006.41.00

Unbleached or bleached................................................

..................

10%

25

85

25

85

25

85

25

85

00

6006.42.00

6006.43.00

6006.44.00

6006.90
6006.90.10

Of double knit or interlock construction (222).......

kg

Other (222)................................................................
Dyed..................................................................................

kg
..................

10%2/

Of double knit or interlock construction (222).......

kg

Other (222)................................................................
Of yarns of different colors.............................................

kg
..................

10%2/

Of double knit or interlock construction (222).......

kg

Other (222)................................................................
Printed..............................................................................

kg
..................

10%2/

Of double knit or interlock construction (222).......

Other (222)................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

kg..............

7%2/

6006.90.90

00

Other (899).......................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

113.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 60 - 12
1/ See 9903.88.69.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

ARTICLES OF APPAREL AND CLOTHING ACCESSORIES, KNITTED OR CROCHETED

CHAPTER 61

XI
61-1

Notes

1.

2.

This chapter applies only to made up knitted or crocheted articles.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Goods of heading 6212;

(b) Worn clothing or other worn articles of heading 6309;

(c) Orthopedic appliances, surgical belts, trusses or the like (heading 9021).

3.

For the purposes of headings 6103 and 6104:

(a) The term "suit" means a set of garments composed of two or three pieces made up, in respect of their outer surface, in

identical fabric and comprising:

-

-

one suit coat or jacket the outer shell of which, exclusive of sleeves, consists of four or more panels, designed to cover
the upper part of the body, possibly with a tailored waistcoat in addition whose front is made from the same fabric as
the outer surface of the other components of the set and whose back is made from the same fabric as the lining of the
suit coat or jacket; and

one garment designed to cover the lower part of the body and consisting of trousers, breeches or shorts (other than
swim- wear), a skirt or a divided skirt, having neither braces nor bibs.

All of the components of a "suit" must be of the same fabric construction, color and composition; they must also be of the
same style and of corresponding or compatible size. However, these components may have piping (a strip of fabric sewn
into the seam) in a different fabric.

If several separate components to cover the lower part of the body are presented together (for example, two pairs of trousers
or trousers and shorts, or a skirt or divided skirt and trousers), the constituent lower part shall be one pair of trousers or, in
the case of women's or girls' suits, the skirt or divided skirt, the other garments being considered separately.

The term "suit" includes the following sets of garments whether or not they fulfill all the above conditions:

-

-

-

morning dress, comprising a plain jacket (cutaway) with rounded tails hanging well down at the back and striped trousers;

evening dress (tailcoat), generally made of black fabric, the jacket of which is relatively short at the front, does not close
and has narrow skirts cut in at the hips and hanging down behind;

dinner jacket suits, in which the jacket is similar in style to an ordinary jacket (though perhaps revealing more of the shirt
front), but has shiny silk or imitation silk lapels.

(b) The term "ensemble" means a set of garments (other than suits and articles of heading 6107, 6108 or 6109), composed of

several pieces made up in identical fabric, put up for retail sale, and comprising:

-

-

one garment designed to cover the upper part of the body, with the exception of pullovers which may form a second
upper garment in the sole context of twin sets, and of waistcoats which may also form a second upper garment, and

one or two different garments, designed to cover the lower part of the body and consisting of trousers, bib and brace
overalls, breeches, shorts (other than swimwear), a skirt or a divided skirt.

All of the components of an ensemble must be of the same fabric construction, style, color and composition; they also must
be of corresponding or compatible size. The term "ensemble" does not apply to track suits or ski-suits of heading 6112.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-2
Notes (con.)

4. Headings 6105 and 6106 do not cover garments with pockets below the waist, with a ribbed waistband or other means of tightening
at the bottom of the garment, or garments having an average of less than 10 stiches per linear centimeter in each direction
counted on an area measuring at least 10 cm by 10 cm. Heading 6105 does not cover sleeveless garments.

“Shirts” and “shirt-blouses” are garments designed to cover the upper part of the body, having long or short sleeves and a full or
partial opening starting at the neckline. “Blouses” are loose-fitting garments also designed to cover the upper part of the body
but may be sleeveless and with or without an opening at the neckline. “Shirts”, “shirt-blouses” and “blouses” may also have a
collar.

5. Heading 6109 does not cover garments with a drawstring, ribbed waistband or other means of tightening at the bottom of the

garment.

6.

For the purposes of heading 6111:

(a) The expression "babies' garments and clothing accessories" means articles for young children of a body height not exceeding

86 centimeters;

(b) Articles which are, prima facie, classifiable both in heading 6111 and in other headings of this chapter are to be classified

in heading 6111.

7.

For the purposes of heading 6112, "ski-suits", means garments or sets of garments which, by their general appearance and
texture, are identifiable as intended to be worn principally for skiing (cross-country or alpine). They consist either of:

(a) A "ski overall," that is, a one-piece garment designed to cover the upper and the lower parts of the body; in addition to sleeves

and a collar the ski overall may have pockets or footstraps; or

(b) A "ski ensemble," that is, a set of garments composed of two or three pieces, put up for retail sale and comprising:

-

-

one garment such as an anorak, windbreaker or similar article, closed by a slide fastener (zipper), possibly with a
waistcoat in addition, and

one pair of trousers whether or not extending above waist level, one pair of breeches or one bib and brace overall.

The "ski ensemble" may also consist of an overall similar to the one mentioned in paragraph (a) above and a type of padded,
sleeveless jacket worn over the overall.

All the components of a "ski ensemble" must be made up in a fabric of the same texture, style and composition whether or
not of the same color; they also must be of corresponding or compatible size.

8. Garments which are, prima facie, classifiable both in heading 6113 and in other headings of this chapter, excluding heading

6111, are to be classified in heading 6113.

9. Garments of this chapter designed for left over right closure at the front shall be regarded as men's or boys' garments, and those
designed for right over left closure at the front as women's or girls' garments. These provisions do not applywhere the cut of the
garment clearly indicates that it is designed for one or other of the sexes.

Garments which cannot be identified as either men's or boys' garments or as women's or girls' garments are to be classified in
the headings covering women's or girls' garments.

10. Articles of this chapter may be made of metal thread.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purpose of heading 6111, the term "sets" means two or more different garments of headings 6111, 6209 or 6505 imported
together, of corresponding sizes and intended to be worn together by the same person.

Statistical Notes

1. Merchandise entered together and classified for customs purposes as an ensemble, under subheadings 6103.21.00, 6103.22.00,
6103.23.00, 6103.29.10, 6104.2l.00, 6104.22.00, 6104.23.00 or 6104.29.10, or as a track suit under subheadings 6112.11.00,
or 6112.12.00 shall be reported statistically as separate articles under the most appropriate 10-digit reporting number within the
same 8-digit tariff subheading which provides for the ensemble or track suit, warm-up or jogging suit.

2.

For purposes of headings 6103, 6104 and 6112, statistical provisions for shirts refer to garments provided for in headings 6105,
6106 and 6110, other than sweaters, pullovers, vests or cardigans referred to in statistical note 3 below.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-3

Statistical Notes (con.)

3.

For purposes of this chapter, statistical provisions for sweaters include garments, whether or not known as pullovers, vests or
cardigans, the outer surfaces of which are constructed essentially with 9 or fewer stitches per 2 centimeters measured in the
direction the stitches were formed, and garments, known as sweaters, where, due to their construction, the stitches on the outer
surface cannot be counted in the direction the stitches were formed.

4. Certain garments of chapter 61 assembled abroad from components formed and cut in the United States which, after assembly

have been subject to bleaching, garment dyeing or perma-pressing abroad, may be eligible for entry under a Special Access
Regime. Eligibility must be established under a bilateral agreement, and entry must be in compliance with procedures established
by the Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements. The importer is required to identify such garments on the entry
summary or withdrawal forms by placing the symbol "H" as a prefix to the appropriate 10-digit chapter 61 tariff number.

5. Certain garments of chapter 61, manufactured (cut and assembled) from fabric formed in the United States, may be eligible for
entry under the Outward Processing Program for textiles and apparel. Eligibility must be in compliance with procedures established
by the Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA). The importer is required to identify such garments on
the entry summary or withdrawal forms by placing the symbol "S" as a prefix to the appropriate 10-digit chapter 61 tariff number.

6.

For the purposes of statistical reporting under heading 6110, the term "knit to shape" means garments knit to shape on flat-knitting
machines, having a stitch count exceeding 9 stitches per 2 centimeters, but less than or equal to 18 stitches per 2 centimeters,
measured on the outer surfaces of the fabric, in the direction on which the stitches are formed. For purposes of this statistical
note, in the instances where both knit and purl stitches are usually counted, the purl stitches will be disregarded, and only the
knit stitches on the outer surface of the fabric will be counted. All of the garment’s components, which include, but are not limited
to, collars, plackets, cuffs, waistbands and pockets, are knit to shape. All of the components are assembled by looping and
linking, including the side seams.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6101

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar articles,
knitted or crocheted, other than those of heading 6103:

6101.20.00

Of cotton..................................................................................

..................

15.9%1/

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

Men's (334)......................................................................

Boys' (334).......................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6101.30
6101.30.10

00

Of man-made fibers:

Containing 25 percent or more by weight of leather
(634).................................................................................

doz............
kg

5.6%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Other:

6101.30.15

00

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (434)...........................................

doz............
kg

38.6¢/kg + 10%1/

6101.30.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

28.2%1/

77.2¢/kg +
54.5%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

Men's (634)........................................................

Boys' (634).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6101 (con.)

6101.90
6101.90.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
61-5

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar articles,
knitted or crocheted, other than those of heading 6103: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair (434)...................................

doz............
kg

61.7¢/kg + 16%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

77.2¢/kg +
54.5%

6101.90.10

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste (734)......................................................................

doz............
kg

0.9%1/

6101.90.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

5.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (334)...........................

Subject to wool restraints (434)..............................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (634)...........

Other (834)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6102

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar articles,
knitted or crocheted, other than those of heading 6104:

6102.10.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (435)..........................................

doz............
kg

55.9¢/kg +
16.4%1/

6102.20.00

Of cotton..................................................................................

..................

15.9%1/

68.3¢/kg +
54.5%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

Women's (335)................................................................

Girls' (335)........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6102.30
6102.30.05

00

Of man-made fibers:

Containing 25 percent or more by weight of leather
(635).................................................................................

doz............
kg

5.3%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Other:

6102.30.10

00

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (435)...........................................

doz............
kg

64.4¢/kg +
18.8%1/

6102.30.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

28.2%1/

68.3¢/kg +
54.5%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

Women's (635)...................................................

Girls' (635)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
61-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6102 (con.)

6102.90
6102.90.10

00

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar articles,
knitted or crocheted, other than those of heading 6104: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste (735)......................................................................

doz............
kg

0.9%1/

6102.90.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

5.7%1/

05

10

15

30

Subject to cotton restraints (335)...........................

Subject to wool restraints (435)..............................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (635)...........

Other (835)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6103

6103.10
6103.10.10

00

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted:

Suits:

Of wool or fine animal hair (443)...................................

Of synthetic fibers:

6103.10.20

00

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (443)...........................................

6103.10.30

00

Other (643)................................................................

No.............
kg

38.8¢/kg + 10%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

77.2¢/kg +
54.5%

No.............
kg

60.3¢/kg +
15.6%1/

No.............
kg

28.2%1/

77.2¢/kg +
54.5%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

6103.10
(con.)

Suits: (con.)

Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

6103.10.40

00

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair (443)...........................

6103.10.50

00

Other (643).........................................................

6103.10.60

Of cotton....................................................................

No.............
kg

Free

No.............
kg
..................

Free1/

9.4%1/

10

15

30

Jackets imported as parts of suits (333).........

Trousers, breeches and shorts imported as
parts of suits (347).............................................

Waistcoats imported as parts of suits (359)....

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6103.10.70

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (743).........................................................

No.............
kg

0.9%

6103.10.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

10

20

30

40

50

80

Subject to cotton restraints:

Jackets imported as parts of suits
(333).............................................................

Trousers, breeches, and shorts imported
as parts of suits (347).................................

Waistcoats imported as parts of suits
(359).............................................................

Subject to wool restraints (443).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (643).....

Other (843).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

77.2¢/kg +
54.5%

72%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
61-9

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles:

6103.22.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

20

30

40

50

70

80

Garments described in heading 6101 (334).........

Jackets and blazers described in heading 6103
(333)...........................................................................

Trousers and breeches (347).................................

Shorts (347)..............................................................

Shirts (338)................................................................

Sweaters (345).........................................................

Other (359)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
61-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

6103.23.00

Of synthetic fibers...........................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

05

07

10

25

30

35

36

37

40

45

55

70

75

80

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair:

Garments described in heading 6101 (434)....

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6103 (433)..........................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts (447)..............

Shirts (438).........................................................

Sweaters (445)..................................................

Other (459).........................................................

Other:

Garments described in heading 6101 (634)....

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6103 (633)..........................................................

Trousers and breeches (647)...........................

Shorts (647)........................................................

Bib and brace overalls (659)............................

Sweaters (645)..................................................

Shirts (638).........................................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

6103.29
6103.29.05

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-11

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair.......................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

20

30

50

60

70

Garments described in heading 6101 (434)....

Jackets and blazers described in heading
heading 6103 (433)...........................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts (447)..............

Shirts (438).........................................................

Sweaters (445)..................................................

Other (459).........................................................

6103.29.10

Of artificial fibers.......................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

10

15

20

30

40

50

60

Garments described in heading 6101 (634)....

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6103 (633)..........................................................

Trousers and breeches (647)...........................

Shorts (647)........................................................

Sweaters (645)..................................................

Shirts (638).........................................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

XI
61-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

6103.29
(con.)
6103.29.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

The rate

Free (AU, BH, CL,

The rate

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

28

30

34

36

40

44

48

52

54

Garments described in heading 6101:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (734)............................

Other (834)..................................................

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6103:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (733)............................

Other (833)..................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (747)............................

Other:

Trousers and breeches (847).............

Shorts (847)..........................................

Shirts:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (738)............................

Other (838)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-13

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other (con.)

Sweaters:

Subject to cotton restraints (345)..............

Subject to wool restraints (445)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(645).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(745)................................................

Other:

Assembled in Hong Kong from
knit-to-shape component parts
knitted elsewhere (846).........

Other (846)..............................

Other:

Assembled in Hong Kong from
knit-to-shape component parts
knitted elsewhere (845)................

Other (845).....................................

Other:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (759)............................

Other (859)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

6103.29
(con.)
6103.29.20
(con.)

58

60

62

64

66

68

70

74

80

82

XI
61-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Suit-type jackets and blazers:

6103.31.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (433)...................................

doz............
kg

38.6¢/kg + 10%1/

6103.32.00

00

Of cotton (333).................................................................

doz............
kg

13.5%1/

6103.33
6103.33.10

00

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (433)...........................................

doz............
kg

38.6¢/kg + 10%1/

6103.33.20

00

Other (633)................................................................

6103.39
6103.39.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Of artificial fibers (633)............................................

6103.39.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (733).........................................................

doz............
kg

28.2%1/

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

0.9%1/

6103.39.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

77.2¢/kg +
54.5%

90%

77.2¢/kg +
54.5%

72%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (333)....................

Subject to wool restraints (433).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (633).....

Other (833).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

6103.41
6103.41.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-15

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Trousers, breeches and shorts...............................

..................

61.1¢/kg +
15.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

77.2¢/kg +
54.5%

10

20

Trousers and breeches (447)...........................

Shorts (447)........................................................

6103.41.20

00

Bib and brace overalls (459)...................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz............
kg

13.6%1/

6103.42
6103.42.10

Of cotton:

Trousers, breeches and shorts...............................

..................

16.1%1/

54.5%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

35

40

50

65

70

10

15

25

6103.42.20

Trousers and breeches:

Men's (347)..................................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of play suits
(237)......................................................

Other (347)...........................................

Shorts:

Men's (347)..................................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of play suits
(237)......................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other (347)...........................................

Bib and brace overalls.............................................

doz.
kg
..................

10.3%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Insulated, for cold weather protection(359).....

Other:

Boys' sizes 2-7 (237)..................................

Other (359)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
61-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

6103.43

Of synthetic fibers:

6103.43.10

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

58.5¢/kg +
15.2%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

77.2¢/kg +
54.5%

6103.43.15

6103.43.20

10

20

20

35

40

50

65

70

10

15

20

25

Trousers and breeches (447)....................

Shorts (447).................................................

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

28.2%1/

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers and breeches:

Men's (647)...........................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of play suits
(237)................................................

Other (647).....................................

Shorts:

Men's (647)...........................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of play suits
(237)................................................

Other (647).....................................

Bib and brace overalls.............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

14.9%1/

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair (459)...........................

Other:

Insulated, for cold weather protection
(659).............................................................

Other:

Men's (659)...........................................

Boys' (659)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

6103.49

6103.49.10

10

20

60

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

Trousers, breeches and shorts........................

..................

28.2%1/

Containing 23 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (447)................

Other:

Trousers and breeches (647).............

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Shorts (647)..........................................

doz.
kg
doz............
kg

13.6%1/

6103.49.20

00

Bib and brace overalls (659)............................

6103.49.40

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

..................

0.9%1/

10

20

Trousers, breeches and shorts (747)..............

Bib and brace overalls (759)............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
61-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6103 (con.)

6103.49
(con.)
6103.49.80

10

12

14

24

26

34

36

38

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Subject to cotton restraints (347)..............

Subject to wool restraints (447)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(647).............................................................

Other:

Trousers and breeches (847).............

Shorts (847)..........................................

Bib and brace overalls:

Subject to cotton restraints (359)..............

Subject to wool restraints (459)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(659).............................................................

Other (859)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104

6104.13
6104.13.10

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted:
Suits:

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (444)...........................................

6104.13.20

00

Other (644)................................................................

6104.19

6104.19.10

00

Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair (444)...........................

6104.19.15

00

Other (644).........................................................

6104.19.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (744).........................................................

6104.19.50

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (444).............................

No.............
kg

Free1/

No.............
kg

14.9%

No.............
kg

8.5%

No.............
kg

Free1/

No.............
kg

0.9%1/

No.............
kg

13.6%1/

6104.19.60

Of cotton....................................................................

..................

9.4%1/

10

20

30

40

Jackets imported as parts of suits (335).........

Skirts and divided skirts imported as parts of
suits (342)...........................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts imported as
parts of suits (348).............................................

Waistcoats imported as parts of suits (359)....

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

72%

54.5%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
61-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.19
(con.)
6104.19.80

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)
Suits: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Subject to cotton restraints:

Jackets imported as parts of suits
(335).............................................................

Skirts and divided skirts imported as parts
of suits (342)................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts imported
as parts of suits (348).................................

Waistcoats imported as parts of suits
(359).............................................................

Subject to wool restraints (444).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (644).....

Other (844).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-21

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles:

6104.22.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

30

40

50

60

80

90

Garments described in heading 6102; jackets and
blazers described in heading 6104 (335)..............

Skirts and divided skirts (342)................................

Trousers and breeches (348).................................

Shorts (348)..............................................................

Blouses, shirts and tops (339)................................

Sweaters (345).........................................................

Other (359)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
61-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

6104.23.00

Of synthetic fibers...........................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

14

16

20

22

24

26

30

32

34

36

40

42

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair:

Garments described in heading 6102; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6104
(435)....................................................................

Skirts and divided skirts (442).........................

Trousers, breeches and shorts (448)..............

Blouses, shirts and tops (438).........................

Sweaters (446)..................................................

Other (459).........................................................

Other:

Garments described in heading 6102; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6104
(635)....................................................................

Skirts and divided skirts (642).........................

Trousers and breeches (648)...........................

Shorts (648)........................................................

Blouses, shirts and tops (639).........................

Sweaters (646)..................................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.29
6104.29.05

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-23

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair.......................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

30

40

60

70

80

Garments described in heading 6102; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6104
(435)....................................................................

Skirts and divided skirts (442).........................

Trousers, breeches and shorts (448)..............

Blouses and shirts (438)...................................

Sweaters (446)..................................................

Other (459).........................................................

6104.29.10

Of artificial fibers.......................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

Garments described in heading 6102; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6104
(635)....................................................................

Skirts and divided skirts (642).........................

Trousers and breeches (648)...........................

Shorts (648)........................................................

Blouses, shirts and tops (639).........................

Sweaters (646)..................................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
entered
separately2/

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if entered
separately

XI
61-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.29
(con.)
6104.29.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

The rate

Free (AU, BH, CL,

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

12

14

16

18

20

22

24

26

28

30

32

Garments described in heading 6102; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6104:

Subject to cotton restraints (335)..............

Subject to wool restraints (435)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(635).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(735)................................................

Other (835).....................................

Other (835)...........................................

Skirts and divided skirts:

Subject to cotton restraints (342)..............

Subject to wool restraints (442)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(642).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(742)................................................

Other (842).....................................

Other (842)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-25

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other (con.)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Subject to cotton restraints (348)..............

Subject to wool restraints (448)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(648).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(748)................................................

Other:

Trousers and breeches
(847).........................................

Shorts (847)............................

Other:

Trousers and breeches (847)......

Shorts (847)...................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.29
(con.)
6104.29.20
(con.)

34

36

38

40

41

43

45

47

XI
61-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.29
(con.)
6104.29.20
(con.)

49

51

55

57

61

63

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other (con.)

Blouses, shirts and tops:

Subject to cotton restraints (339)..............

Subject to wool restraints (438)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(639).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(739)................................................

Other (838).....................................

Other (838)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-27

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other (con.)

Sweaters:

Subject to cotton restraints (345)..............

Subject to wool restraints (446)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(646).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste waste
(746)................................................

Other:

Assembled in Hong Kong from
knit-to-shape component parts
knitted elsewhere (846).........

Other (846)..............................

Other:

Assembled in Hong Kong from
knit-to-shape component parts
knitted elsewhere (845)................

Other (845).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.29
(con.)
6104.29.20
(con.)

65

67

69

71

73

75

77

79

XI
61-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.29
(con.)
6104.29.20
(con.)

81

83

85

86

87

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other (con.)

Other:

Subject to cotton restraints (359)..............

Subject to wool restraints (459)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(659).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(759)................................................

Other (859).....................................

Other (859)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-29

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Suit-type jackets and blazers:

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

68.3¢/kg +
54.5%

90%

68.3¢/kg +
54.5%

72%

72%

35%

6104.31.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (435)...................................

doz............
kg

54.8¢/kg + 16%1/

6104.32.00

00

Of cotton (335).................................................................

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

6104.33
6104.33.10

00

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (435)...........................................

6104.33.20

00

Other (635)................................................................

6104.39
6104.39.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Of artificial fibers (635)............................................

6104.39.20

10

20

30

40

50

90

Other..........................................................................
Subject to cotton restraints (335)....................

Subject to wool restraints (435).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (635).....

Other:

Of silk

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste (735)........

Other (835)...........................................

Other (835)..................................................

doz............
kg

56.4¢/kg +
16.5%

doz............
kg

28.2%1/

doz............
kg

24%1/

Free1/

..................
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

XI
61-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)
Dresses:

6104.41.00

Of wool or fine animal hair..............................................

..................

13.6%1/

10

20

Women's (436).........................................................

Girls' (436).................................................................

6104.42.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

11.5%1/

6104.43
6104.43.10

6104.43.20

10

20

10

20

10

20

Women's (336).........................................................

Girls' (336).................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

14.9%1/

Women's (436)...................................................

Girls' (436)..........................................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

16%1/

Women's (636)...................................................

Girls' (636)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6104.44
6104.44.10

00

Of artificial fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (436)...........................................

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

6104.44.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

10

20

Women's (636)...................................................

Girls' (636)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.49
6104.49.10

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Dresses: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (736).........................................................

doz............
kg

0.9%1/

6104.49.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (336)....................

Subject to wool restraints (436).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (636).....

Other (836).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6104.51.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (442)...................................

Skirts and divided skirts:

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

6104.52.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

8.3%1/

10

20

Women's (342).........................................................

Girls' (342).................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6104.53
6104.53.10

00

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (442)...........................................

doz............
kg

14.9%

6104.53.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

16%1/

10

20

Women's (642)...................................................

Girls' (642)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
61-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.59
6104.59.10

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Skirts and divided skirts: (con.)
Of other textile materials:

Of artificial fibers.......................................................

..................

8%1/

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

30

60

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair (442)...........................

Other:

Women's (642)............................................

Girls' (642)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6104.59.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (742).........................................................

doz............
kg

0.9%1/

6104.59.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

10

20

30

90

Subject to cotton restraints (342)....................

Subject to wool restraints (442).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (642).....

Other (842).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-33

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:

6104.61.00

Of wool or fine animal hair..............................................

..................

14.9%1/

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

Trousers and breeches (448).................................

Shorts (448)..............................................................

Bib and brace overalls (459)...................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of cotton:

Bib and brace overalls.............................................

..................

10.3%1/

Insulated, for cold weather protection (359)....

Other:

Women's (359)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
61-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.62
6104.62.10

10

20

30

6104.62.20

Other..........................................................................

Girls' (237)...................................................

doz.
kg
..................

14.9%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

06

11

16

21

26

28

30

50

60

Trousers and breeches:

Women's:

Containing 5 percent or more by
weight of elastomeric yarn or rubber
thread (348)..........................................

Other (348)...........................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits:

Containing 5 percent or more by
weight of elastomeric yarn or
rubber thread (237).......................

Other (237).....................................

Other:

Containing 5 percent or more by
weight of elastomeric yarn or
rubber thread (348).......................

Other (348).....................................

Shorts:

Women's (348)............................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits (237)...

Other (348)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.63
6104.63.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-35

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Bib and brace overalls.............................................

..................

14.9%1/

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

Insulated, for cold weather protection (659)....

Other:

Women's (659)............................................

Girls' (659)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
61-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.63
(con.)

6104.63.15

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers: (con.)

Other:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

14.9%1/

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

Trousers and breeches (448)....................

Shorts (448).................................................

6104.63.20

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

28.2%1/

06

11

16

21

26

28

30

50

60

Trousers and breeches:

Women's:

Containing 5 percent or more by
weight of elastomeric yarn or
rubber thread (648).......................

Other (648).....................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits:

Containing 5 percent or more
by weight of elastomeric yarn
or rubber thread (237)............

Other (237)..............................

Other:

Containing 5 percent or more
by weight of elastomeric yarn
or rubber thread (648)............

Other (648)..............................

Shorts:

Women's (648).....................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of play suits
(237)................................................

Other (648).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-37

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

6104.69

Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

6104.69.10

00

Bib and brace overalls (659)............................

doz............
kg

13.6%1/

6104.69.20

Trousers, breeches and shorts........................

..................

28.2%1/

6104.69.40

05

30

60

10

20

Containing 23 percent or more by by
weight of wool or fine animal hair (448).....

Other:

Trousers and breeches (648).............

Shorts (648)..........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

..................

0.9%1/

Bib and brace overalls (759)............................

Trousers, breeches and shorts (748)..............

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

72%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
61-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6104 (con.)

6104.69
(con.)
6104.69.80

10

12

14

20

22

24

26

38

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Bib and brace overalls:

Subject to cotton restraints (359)..............

Subject to wool restraints (459)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(659).............................................................

Other (859)..................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Subject to cotton restraints (348)..............

Subject to wool restraints (448)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(648).............................................................

Other:

Trousers and breeches (847).............

Shorts (847)..........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-39

2

Men's or boys' shirts, knitted or crocheted:

Of cotton..................................................................................

..................

19.7%1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6105
6105.10.00

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

Men's (338)......................................................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of playsuits (237).......................

Other (338)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6105.20
6105.20.10

00

Of man-made fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool or
fine animal hair (438)......................................................

doz............
kg

13.6%1/

6105.20.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

32%1/

10

20

30

Men's (638)...............................................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of playsuits (237)................

Other (638).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6105.90
6105.90.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair (438)...................................

6105.90.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste (738)......................................................................

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

0.9%

6105.90.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (338)...........................

Subject to wool restraints (438)..............................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (638)...........

Other (838)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
61-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6106
6106.10.00

6106.20
6106.20.10

10

20

30

10

20

Women's or girls' blouses and shirts, knitted or crocheted:

Of cotton..................................................................................

..................

19.7%1/

Women's (339)................................................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits (237).......................

Other (339)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Of man-made fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool or
fine animal hair................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

Women's (438).........................................................

Girls' (438).................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

32%1/

6106.20.20

Other.................................................................................

10

20

30

Women's (639).........................................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits (237)................

Other (639).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-41

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6106 (con.)

6106.90
6106.90.10

Women's or girls' blouses and shirts, knitted or crocheted:
(con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair..............................................

..................

13.6%1/

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

Women's (438).........................................................

Girls' (438).................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Of silk or silk waste:

6106.90.15

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (739).........................................................

doz............
kg

0.9%1/

6106.90.25

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.6%1/

10

20

30

50

Subject to cotton restraints (339)....................

Subject to wool restraints (438).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (639).....

Other (838).........................................................

6106.90.30

Other.................................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

4.7%1/

10

20

30

40

Subject to cotton restraints (339)...........................

Subject to wool restraints (438)..............................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (639)...........

Other (838)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
61-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6107

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' underpants, briefs, nightshirts, pajamas,
bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles, knitted or
crocheted:

Underpants and briefs:

6107.11.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

7.4%1/

10

20

Men's (352)...............................................................

Boys' (352)................................................................

6107.12.00

Of man-made fibers........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

14.9%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

Men's (652)...............................................................

Boys' (652)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6107.19
6107.19.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (752).........................................................

6107.19.90

00

Other (852)................................................................

doz............
kg

0.9%

doz............
kg

5.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

55.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

55.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6107 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-43

2

Men's or boys' underpants, briefs, nightshirts, pajamas,
bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles, knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Nightshirts and pajamas:

6107.21.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

8.9%1/

10

20

Men's (351)...............................................................

Boys' (351)................................................................

6107.22.00

Of man-made fibers........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

16%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

15

25

Men's (651)...............................................................

Boys':

Blanket sleepers (651)......................................

Other (651).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6107.29
6107.29.20

00

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair (459).............................

6107.29.50

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (751).........................................................

6107.29.90

00

Other (851)................................................................

doz............
kg

8.5%1/

doz............
kg

0.9%1/

doz............
kg

5.6%1/

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
61-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6107 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' underpants, briefs, nightshirts, pajamas,
bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles, knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Other:

6107.91.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

8.7%1/

6107.99
6107.99.10

30

40

90

30

40

90

Sleepwear (351).......................................................

Other:

Men's (350)........................................................

Boys' (350).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Of other textile materials:

Of man-made fibers.................................................

..................

14.9%

Sleepwear (651)................................................

Other:

Men's (650)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Boys' (650)...................................................

doz.
kg
doz............
kg

13.6%

6107.99.20

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (459).............................

6107.99.50

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

..................

0.8%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

13

15

Sleepwear (751)................................................

Other (750).........................................................

6107.99.90

00

Other (850)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz............
kg

4.8%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6108

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-45

2

Women's or girls' slips, petticoats, briefs, panties, night
dresses, pajamas, negligees, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles, knitted or crocheted:

Slips and petticoats:

6108.11.00

Of man-made fibers........................................................

..................

14.9%1/

10

20

Women's (652).........................................................

Girls' (652).................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6108.19.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (752).........................................................

doz............
kg

1.1%

6108.19.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.6%1/

10

30

Of cotton (352)...................................................

Other (852).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
61-46

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6108 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' slips, petticoats, briefs, panties, night
dresses, pajamas, negligees, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Briefs and panties:

6108.21.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

7.6%1/

10

20

Women's (352).........................................................

Girls' (352).................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6108.22
6108.22.10

00

Of man-made fibers:

Disposable briefs and panties designed for
one-time use..............................................................

doz............
kg

8.3%1/

6108.22.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

15.6%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

20

30

Women's (652)...................................................

Girls' (652)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6108.29
6108.29.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (752).........................................................

6108.29.90

00

Other (852)................................................................

doz............
kg

2.1%

doz............
kg

13.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6108 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-47

2

Women's or girls' slips, petticoats, briefs, panties, night
dresses, pajamas, negligees, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Nightdresses and pajamas:

6108.31.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

10

20

Women's (351).........................................................

Girls' (351).................................................................

6108.32.00

Of man-made fibers........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

16%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

15

25

Women's (651).........................................................

Girls':

Blanket sleepers (651)......................................

Other (651).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6108.39
6108.39.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair (459).............................

6108.39.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (751).........................................................

6108.39.80

00

Other (851)................................................................

doz............
kg

8.5%

doz............
kg

0.6%

doz............
kg

3.8%

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
61-48

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6108 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' slips, petticoats, briefs, panties, night
dresses, pajamas, negligees, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Other:

6108.91.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

05

15

25

30

40

Underwear:

Underpants (352)...............................................

Other:

Women's (352)............................................

Girls' (352)...................................................

Other:

Women's (350)...................................................

Girls' (350)..........................................................

6108.92.00

Of man-made fibers........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

16%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

15

25

30

40

Underwear:

Underpants (652)...............................................

Other:

Women's (652)............................................

Girls' (652)...................................................

Other:

Women's (650)...................................................

Girls' (650)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6108 (con.)

6108.99
6108.99.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-49

2

Women's or girls' slips, petticoats, briefs, panties, night
dresses, pajamas, negligees, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair (459).............................

doz............
kg

8.5%1/

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6108.99.50

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

..................

0.6%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

13

15

Underwear (752)................................................

Other (750).........................................................

6108.99.90

00

Other (850)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz............
kg

3.8%1/

6109

T-shirts, singlets, tank tops and similar garments, knitted or
crocheted:

6109.10.00

Of cotton..................................................................................

..................

16.5%1/

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

04

07

11

12

14

18

23

27

Men's or boys':

T-shirts, all white, short hemmed sleeves, hemmed
bottom, crew or round neckline, or V-neck with a
mitered seam at the center of the V, without
pockets, trim or embroidery (352)..........................

Singlets, all white, without pockets, trim or
embroidery (352)......................................................

Thermal undershirts (352).......................................

Other T-shirts:

Men's (338)........................................................

Boys' (338).........................................................

Tank tops and other singlets:

Men's (338)........................................................

Boys' (338).........................................................

Other (338)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

XI
61-50

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6109 (con.)

6109.10.00
(con.)

6109.90
6109.90.10

37

40

45

60

65

70

07

09

13

25

47

49

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

T-shirts, singlets, tank tops and similar garments, knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Of cotton (con.)

Women's or girls':

Underwear (352)......................................................

Other:

T-shirts:

Women's (339)............................................

Girls' (339)...................................................

Tank tops:

Women's (339)............................................

Girls' (339)...................................................

Other (339).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Of other textile materials:

Of man-made fibers........................................................

..................

32%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Men's or boys':
T-shirts:

Men's (638)..................................................

Boys' (638)...................................................

Tank tops and singlets:

Men's (638)..................................................

Boys' (638)...................................................

Thermal undershirts (652)................................

Other (638).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-51

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6109 (con.)

6109.90
(con.)
6109.90.10
(con.)

50

60

65

70

75

90

T-shirts, singlets, tank tops and similar garments, knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Of man-made fibers (con.)

Women's or girls':
T-shirts:

Women's (639)............................................

Girls' (639)...................................................

Tank tops and singlets:

Women's (639)............................................

Girls' (639)...................................................

Thermal undershirts (652)................................

Other (639).........................................................

6109.90.15

Of wool, with long sleeves..............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

5.6%1/

55.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

10

20

6109.90.40

Men's or boys':

Underwear (459)................................................

Other (438).........................................................

Women's or girls':

Underwear (459)................................................

Other (438).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

..................

2.6%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Men's or boys' (738).................................................

Women's or girls' (739)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
61-52

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6109 (con.)

6109.90
(con.)
6109.90.80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

T-shirts, singlets, tank tops and similar garments, knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other.................................................................................

..................

16%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

Men's or boys' (838).................................................

Women's or girls':

Of wool (438)......................................................

Other (838).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6110

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

6110.11.00

Of wool..............................................................................

..................

16%1/

15

25

30

40

50

60

70

80

Sweaters:

Men's (445)........................................................

Boys' (445).........................................................

Women's (446)...................................................

Girls' (446)..........................................................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (459)..........................................

Women's or girls' (459).....................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (438)..........................................

Women's or girls' (438).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-53

2

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of wool or fine animal hair: (con.)
Of Kashmir (cashmere) goats:

Wholly of cashmere..................................................

..................

4%

52%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Sweaters:

Men's or boys' (445)...................................

Women's or girls' (446)..............................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (445)...................................

Women's or girls' (446)..............................

Other:

Men's or boys' (445)...................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

6110.12
6110.12.10

10

20

30

40

50

60

6110.12.20

Other..........................................................................

Women's or girls' (446)..............................

doz.
kg
..................

16%1/

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

Sweaters:

Men's (445)..................................................

Boys' (445)...................................................

Women's (446)............................................

Girls' (446)...................................................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (459)...................................

Women's or girls' (459)..............................

Other:

Men's or boys' (438)...................................

Women's or girls' (438)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-54

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of wool or fine animal hair: (con.)

6110.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

16%1/

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

15

25

30

40

50

60

70

80

10

20

22

24

6110.20
6110.20.10

Sweaters:

Men's (445)........................................................

Boys' (445).........................................................

Women's (446)...................................................

Girls' (446)..........................................................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (459)..........................................

Women's or girls' (459).....................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (438)..........................................

Women's or girls' (438).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Of cotton:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of flax
fibers.................................................................................

..................

5%1/

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Sweaters:

Men's or boys' (345)..........................................

Women's or girls' (345).....................................

Vests other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (359)..........................................

Women's or girls' (359).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-55

2

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of flax fibers
(con.)

Other:

Men's or boys'

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter (338).......

Other (338)..................................................

Women's or girls':

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter (339).......

Other (339)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

6110.20
(con.)
6110.20.10
(con.)

26

29

31

33

XI
61-56

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

6110.20
(con.)
6110.20.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other.................................................................................

..................

16.5%1/

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

41

44

46

49

67

69

77

79

Boys' or girls' garments imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..........................................................

Other:

Sweaters:

Men's (345)..................................................

Boys' (345)...................................................

Women's (345)............................................

Girls' (345)...................................................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (359)...................................

Women's or girls' (359)..............................

Sweatshirts:

Men's (338)..................................................

Boys' (338)...................................................

Women's (339)............................................

Girls' (339)...................................................

Other:

Men's or boys':

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter
(338)......................................................

Other (338)...........................................

Women's or girls':

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter
(339)......................................................

Other (339)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-57

2

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

54.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of man-made fibers:

Containing 25 percent or more by weight of leather.....

..................

6%1/

Sweaters:

Men's or boys' (645)..........................................

Women's or girls' (646).....................................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (659)..........................................

Women's or girls' (659).....................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (638)..........................................

Women's or girls' (639).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

17%

Sweaters:

Men's or boys' (445)...................................

Women's or girls' (446)..............................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (459)...................................

Women's or girls' (459)..............................

Other:

Men's or boys' (438)...................................

Women's or girls' (438)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

6110.30
6110.30.10

6110.30.15

10

20

30

40

50

60

10

20

30

40

50

60

XI
61-58

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

6110.30
(con.)

6110.30.20

10

20

30

40

51

53

61

63

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)
Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

..................

6.3%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Sweaters:

Men's or boys' (645)............................

Women's or girls' (646)........................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (659)............................

Women's or girls' (659)........................

Other:

Men's or boys':

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter
(638)................................................

Other (638).....................................

Women's or girls':

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter
(639)................................................

Other (639).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-59

2

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)
Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

6110.30
(con.)

6110.30.30

Other...................................................................

..................

32%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

41

44

45

51

53

57

59

Boys' and girls' garments imported as
parts of playsuits (237)...............................

Other:

Sweaters:

Men's (645)....................................

Boys' (645).....................................

Women's (646)..............................

Girls' (646)......................................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (659)......................

Women's or girls' (659).................

Sweatshirts:

Men's (638)....................................

Boys' (638).....................................

Women's or girls' (639).................

Other:

Men's or boys':

Knit to shape articles
described in statistical note 6
to this chapter (638)...............

Other (638)..............................

Women's or girls':

Knit to shape articles
described in statistical note 6
to this chapter (639)...............

Other (639)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

..................

0.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Sweaters:

Men's or boys' (745)..........................................

Women's or girls' (746).....................................

Vests, other than sweater vests:

Men's or boys' (759)..........................................

Women's or girls' (759).....................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (738)..........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
61-60

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

6110.90
6110.90.10

10

20

30

40

50

60

Women's or girls' (739).....................................

6110.90.90

Other.................................................................................

doz.
kg
..................

6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

12

14

15

23

26

28

30

34

41

Sweaters for men or boys:

Subject to cotton restraints (345)....................

Subject to wool restraints (445).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (645).....

Other:

Of silk (846).................................................

Other (845)..................................................

Sweaters for women or girls:

Subject to cotton restraints (345)....................

Subject to wool restraints (446).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (646).....

Other:

Of silk (846).................................................

Other (845)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-61

2

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other (con.)

Vests, other than sweater vests:
Subject to cotton restraints:

Men's or boys' (359)...................................

Women's or girls' (359)..............................

Subject to wool restraints:

Men's or boys' (459)...................................

Women's or girls' (459)..............................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints:

Men's or boys' (659)...................................

Women's or girls' (659)..............................

Other:

Men's or boys' (859)...................................

Women's or girls' (859)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

6110.90
(con.)
6110.90.90
(con.)

44

46

48

50

52

54

64

66

XI
61-62

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6110 (con.)

6110.90
(con.)
6110.90.90
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other (con.)

Other:

67

69

71

73

75

77

79

80

81

82

88

90

Subject to cotton restraints:

Men's or boys':

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter
(338)......................................................

Other (338)...........................................

Women's or girls':

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter
(339)......................................................

Other (339)...........................................

Subject to wool restraints:

Men's or boys' (438)...................................

Women's or girls' (438)..............................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints:

Men's or boys':

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter
(638)......................................................

Other (638)...........................................

Women's or girls':

Knit to shape articles described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter
(639)......................................................

Other (639)...........................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (838)...................................

Women's or girls' (838)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-63

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6111

6111.20
6111.20.10

00

Babies' garments and clothing accessories, knitted or
crocheted:

Of cotton:

Blouses and shirts, except those imported as parts of
sets (239).........................................................................

6111.20.20

00

T-shirts, singlets and similar garments, except those
imported as parts of sets (239)......................................

6111.20.30

00

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests)
and similar articles, except those imported as parts of
sets (239).........................................................................

6111.20.40

00

Dresses (239)..................................................................

Other:

6111.20.50

00

Trousers, breeches and shorts, except those
imported as parts of sets (239)...............................

doz............
kg

19.7%1/

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

11.5%1/

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

6111.20.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.1%1/

10

20

30

50

70

Sunsuits, washsuits and similar apparel
(239)....................................................................

Sets (239)...........................................................

Other:

Imported as parts of sets (239).................

Babiesʼ socks and booties (239)...............

Other (239)3/................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz.
kg

90%

90%

90%

45%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
61-64

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6111 (con.)

6111.30
6111.30.10

00

Babies' garments and clothing accessories, knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Trousers, breeches and shorts, except those imported
as parts of sets (239)......................................................

doz............
kg

28.2%1/

doz............
kg

32%1/

doz............
kg

32%1/

doz............
kg

30%1/

90%

90%

90%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6111.30.20

00

Blouses and shirts, except those imported as parts of
sets (239).........................................................................

6111.30.30

00

T-shirts, singlets and similar garments, except those
imported as parts of sets (239)......................................

6111.30.40

00

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests)
and similar articles, except those imported as parts of
sets (239).........................................................................

6111.30.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

16%1/

10

15

20

30

50

70

Sunsuits, washsuits and similar apparel (239)......

Blanket sleepers (239).............................................

Sets (239)..................................................................

Other:

Imported as parts of sets (239)........................

Babiesʼ socks and booties (239)......................

Other (239).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-65

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6111 (con.)

6111.90
6111.90.05

Babies' garments and clothing accessories, knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair..............................................

..................

13.6%1/

78.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

90%

90%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

30

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats
(vests) and similar articles (439)............................

Other (439)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Of artificial fibers:

6111.90.10

00

Trousers, breeches and shorts, except those
imported as parts of sets (239)...............................

6111.90.20

00

Blouses and shirts, except those imported as parts
of sets (239)..............................................................

6111.90.30

00

T-shirts, singlets and similar garments, except
those imported as parts of sets (239)....................

6111.90.40

00

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats
(vests) and similar except those imported as parts
of sets (239)..............................................................

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

17.3%1/

doz............
kg

Free

doz............
kg

26%1/

6111.90.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

10

20

30

50

70

Sunsuits, playsuits and washsuits (239).........

Sets (239)...........................................................

Other:

Imported as parts of sets (239).................

Babiesʼ socks and booties (239)...............

Other (239)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
61-66

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6111 (con.)

6111.90
(con.)
6111.90.70

00

Babies' garments and clothing accessories, knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

6111.90.90

00

Other (839).......................................................................

6112

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear, knitted or crocheted:

Track suits:

6112.11.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

0.9%1/

doz............
kg

5.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

Garments described in heading 6101 or 6102:

Men's or boys' (334)..........................................

Women's or girls (335)......................................

Shirts:

Men's or boys' (338)..........................................

Women's or girls' (339).....................................

Trousers:

Men's or boys' (347)..........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Women's or girls' (348).....................................

6112.12.00

Of synthetic fibers...........................................................

doz.
kg
..................

28.2%1/

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

Garments described in heading 6101 or 6102:

Men's or boys' (634)..........................................

Women's or girls' (635).....................................

Shirts:

Men's or boys' (638)..........................................

Women's or girls' (639).....................................

Trousers:

Men's or boys' (647)..........................................

Women's or girls' (648).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6112 (con.)

6112.19
6112.19.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-67

2

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear, knitted or crocheted:
(con.)

Track suits: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of artificial fibers.......................................................

..................

28.2%1/

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6112.19.40

10

20

30

40

50

60

10

20

30

40

50

60

Garments described in heading 6101 or 6102:
Men's or boys' (634)...................................

Women's or girls' (635)..............................

Shirts:

Men's or boys' (638)...................................

Women's or girls' (639)..............................

Trousers:

Men's or boys' (647)...................................

Women's or girls' (648)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

..................

3.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Garments described in heading 6101 or 6102:
Men's or boys' (734)...................................

Women's or girls' (735)..............................

Shirts:

Men's or boys' (738)...................................

Women's or girls' (739)..............................

Trousers:

Men's or boys' (747)...................................

Women's or girls' (748)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
61-68

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6112 (con.)

6112.19
(con.)
6112.19.80

10

20

30

40

50

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear, knitted or crocheted:
(con.)

Track suits: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

21.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Garments described in heading 6101 or 6102:
Men's or boys' (834)...................................

Women's or girls' (835)..............................

Shirts:

Men's or boys' (838)...................................

Women's or girls' (838)..............................

Trousers:

Men's or boys' (847)...................................

Women's or girls' (847)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6112 (con.)

6112.20
6112.20.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-69

2

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear, knitted or crocheted:
(con.)

Ski-suits:

Of man-made fibers........................................................

..................

28.2%1/

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers, and
similar articles:

Men's or boys' (634)..........................................

Women's or girls' (635).....................................

Padded sleeveless jackets:

With attachments for sleeves:

Men's or boys' (634)...................................

Women's or girls' (635)..............................

Other (659).........................................................

Trousers and breeches:

Men's or boys' (647)..........................................

Women's or girls' (648).....................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (659)..........................................

Women's or girls' (659).....................................

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

6112.20.20

Other.................................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

8.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

Of cotton (359)..........................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (459).............................

Other (859)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-70

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6112 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear, knitted or crocheted:
(con.)

Men's or boys' swimwear:

6112.31.00

Of synthetic fibers...........................................................

..................

25.9%1/

10

20

Men's (659)...............................................................

Boys' (659)................................................................

6112.39.00

Of other textile materials.................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

13.2%1/

10

15

90

Of cotton (359)..........................................................

Other:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste (759).......................................

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6112.41.00

Of synthetic fibers...........................................................

..................

24.9%1/

Women's or girls' swimwear:

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Of fabric containing by weight 5 percent or more
elastomeric yarn or rubber thread:

Women's (659)...................................................

Girls' (659)..........................................................

Other:

Women's (659)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Girls' (659)..........................................................

10

20

30

40

6112.49.00

Of other textile materials.................................................

doz.
kg
..................

13.2%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

15

90

Of cotton (359)..........................................................

Other:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste (759).......................................

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6113.00

6113.00.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-71

2

Garments, made up of knitted or crocheted fabrics of heading
5903, 5906 or 5907:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered, or
laminated with rubber or plastics material which completely
obscures the underlying fabric.............................................

..................

3.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

12

Coats and jackets:

Men's or boys'...........................................................

Women's or girls'......................................................

Other.................................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

XI
61-72

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6113.00
(con.)
6113.00.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Garments, made up of knitted or crocheted fabrics of heading
5903, 5906 or 5907: (con.)

Other........................................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

15

20

25

30

38

42

44

52

55

60

65

70

74

82

84

86

Coats and jackets:
Of cotton:

Men's or boys' (334)..........................................

Women's or girls' (335).....................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (634)..........................................

Women's or girls' (635).....................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Of cotton:

Men's or boys' (347)..........................................

Women's or girls (348)......................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (647)..........................................

Women's or girls' (648).....................................

Overalls and coveralls:

Of cotton:

Men's or boys' (359)..........................................

Women's or girls' (359).....................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (659)..........................................

Women's or girls' (659).....................................

Other:

Of cotton:

Men's or boys' (359)..........................................

Women's or girls' (359).....................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (659)..........................................

Women's or girls' (659).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6114
6114.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-73

2

Other garments, knitted or crocheted:

Of cotton..................................................................................

..................

10.8%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

35

40

42

44

46

48

52

55

60

Tops:

Men's or boys' (338).................................................

Women's or girls' (339)............................................

Jumpers (359).................................................................

Bodysuits and bodyshirts (359).....................................

Sunsuits, washsuits, one-piece playsuits and similar
apparel:

Boys' (237)................................................................

Women's or girls' (237)............................................

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Insulated, for cold weather protection (359)..........

Other:

Boys', sizes 2-7 (237)........................................

Girls' (237)..........................................................

Men's and other boys' (359).............................

Women's (359)...................................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (359).................................................

Women's or girls' (359)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
61-74

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6114 (con.)
6114.30
6114.30.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other garments, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of man-made fibers:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tops..................................................................................

..................

28.2%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

Men's or boys' (638).................................................

Women's or girls' (639)............................................

6114.30.20

Bodysuits and bodyshirts...............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

32%1/

10

30

60

Of fabric containing by weight 5 percent or more
elastomeric yarn or rubber thread (659)................

Other:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair (459)...........................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6114 (con.)
6114.30
(con.)
6114.30.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other garments, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-75

2

Other.................................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

12

14

20

30

42

44

52

54

60

70

Jumpers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool orfine animal hair (459)............................

Other (659).........................................................

Sunsuits, washsuits, one-piece playsuits and
similar apparel:

Boys' (237).........................................................

Women's or girls' (237).....................................

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Men's or boys':

Containing 23 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (659)..................................................

Women's or girls':

Containing 23 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (659)..................................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (659)..........................................

Women's or girls' (659).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
61-76

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6114 (con.)
6114.90
6114.90.05

6114.90.10

20

40

50

60

70

10

20

30

40

50

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other garments, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Of wool or fine animal hair..............................................

..................

12%1/

Tops:

Men's or boys' (438)..........................................

Women's or girls' (438).....................................

Jumpers (459)...........................................................

Other:

Men's or boys' (459)..........................................

Women's or girls' (459).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

..................

0.9%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Tops:

Men's or boys' (738)..........................................

Women's or girls' (739).....................................

Jumpers (759)...........................................................

Sunsuits, washsuits and similar apparel (759)......

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel (759)......

Other (759)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6114 (con.)
6114.90
(con.)
6114.90.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other garments, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-77

2

Other.................................................................................

..................

5.6%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

45

50

55

70

Tops (838).................................................................

Jumpers (859)...........................................................

Sunsuits, washsuits and similar apparel (859)......

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel (859)......

Other:

Subject to cotton restraints (359)....................

Subject to wool restraints (459).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (659).....

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6115

6115.10

6115.10.05

00

Panty hose, tights, stockings, socks and other hosiery,
including graduated compression hosiery (for example,
stockings for varicose veins) and footwear without applied
soles, knitted or crocheted:

Graduated compression hosiery (for example, stockings
for varicose veins):

Surgical panty hose and surgical stockings with
graduated compression for orthopedic treatment.......

6115.10.10

00

Other graduated compression panty hose and tights:
Of synthetic fibers (659)..........................................

doz. prs......
kg

Free

doz. prs......
kg

14.9%1/

6115.10.15

Of other textile materials..........................................

..................

16%1/

10

20

40

Of cotton (359)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)......................

Other (859).........................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

40%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
61-78

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6115 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Panty hose, tights, stockings, socks and other hosiery,
including graduated compression hosiery (for example,
stockings for varicose veins) and footwear without applied
soles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

6115.10
(con.)

Graduated compression hosiery (for example, stockings
for varicose veins): (con.)

Other graduated compression hosiery:

6115.10.30

00

Of cotton (332)..........................................................

6115.10.40

00

Of synthetic fibers (632)..........................................

6115.10.55

00

Of artificial fibers (632)............................................

6115.10.60

00

Of other textile materials (832)................................

doz. prs......
kg

13.5%1/

doz. prs......
kg

14.6%1/

doz. prs......
kg

14.6%1/

doz. prs......
kg

9.9%1/

51%

72%

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6115 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-79

2

Panty hose, tights, stockings, socks and other hosiery,
including graduated compression hosiery (for example,
stockings for varicose veins) and footwear without applied
soles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)
Other panty hose and tights:

6115.21.00

Of synthetic fibers, measuring per single yarn less than
67 decitex.........................................................................

..................

16%1/

10

20

Tights (659)...............................................................

Other (632)................................................................

6115.22.00

00

Of synthetic fibers, measuring per single yarn 67
decitex or more (659)......................................................

6115.29
6115.29.40

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs......
kg

14.9%

doz. prs......
kg

2.6%1/

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6115.29.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

16%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

10

20

40

Of cotton (359)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)......................

Other (859).........................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

6115.30

6115.30.10

00

Other women's full-length or knee-length hosiery,
measuring per single yarn less than 67 decitex:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

doz. prs......
kg

2.7%1/

6115.30.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

14.6%1/

10

30

Of man-made fibers (632).......................................

Other (832)................................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
61-80

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6115 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Panty hose, tights, stockings, socks and other hosiery,
including graduated compression hosiery (for example,
stockings for varicose veins) and footwear without applied
soles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Other:

6115.94.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (432)...................................

6115.95
6115.95.60

00

Of cotton:

Containing lace or net (332)....................................

6115.95.90

00

Other (332)................................................................

doz. prs......
kg

11.3%1/

doz. prs......
kg

10%1/

doz. prs......
kg

13.5%1/

6115.96
6115.96.60

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing lace or net..............................................

..................

18.8%1/

6115.96.90

10

20

10

20

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair (432)...........................

Other (632).........................................................

Other..........................................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg
..................

14.6%

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair (432)...........................

Other (632).........................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

90%

90%

51%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-81

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6115 (con.)

6115.99

6115.99.14

6115.99.19

10

20

10

20

Panty hose, tights, stockings, socks and other hosiery,
including graduated compression hosiery (for example,
stockings for varicose veins) and footwear without applied
soles, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

Containing lace or net........................................

..................

18.8%1/

Containing 23 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (432)................

Other (632)..................................................

Other...................................................................

Containing 23 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (432)................

Other (632)..................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg
..................

14.6%

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs......
kg

1.6%1/

doz. prs......
kg

9.9%1/

6115.99.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

6115.99.90

00

Other (832)................................................................

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

72%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-82

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6116
6116.10

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Gloves, mittens and mitts, knitted or crocheted:

Impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics
or rubber:

6116.10.05

00

Ice hockey gloves and field hockey gloves..................

6116.10.08

00

Other gloves, mittens and mitts, all the foregoing
specially designed for use in sports, including ski and
snowmobile gloves, mittens and mitts..........................

doz. prs......
kg

Free

doz. prs......
kg

2.8%1/

Other:

Without fourchettes:

Cut and sewn from preexisting machine knit
fabric that is impregnated, coated, covered or
laminated with plastics or rubber:

Of vegetable fibers:

Containing over 50 percent by weight
of plastics or rubber.............................

6116.10.13

00

doz. prs......
kg

12.5%1/

6116.10.17

Other......................................................

..................

23.5%1/

20

30

40

Subject to cotton restraints
(331)................................................

Subject to man-made fiber
restraints (631)..............................

Other (831).....................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

61%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.5% (E)

61%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-83

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6116 (con.)
6116.10
(con.)

6116.10.44

00

6116.10.55

10

20

30

10

20

30

Gloves, mittens and mitts, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics
or rubber: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Without fourchettes: (con.)

Cut and sewn from preexisting machine knit
fabric that is impregnated, coated, covered or
laminated with plastics or rubber: (con.)

Other:

Containing over 50 percent by weight
of plastics or rubber.............................

doz. prs......
kg

9.9%1/

6116.10.48

Other......................................................

..................

18.6%1/

Subject to cotton restraints
(331)................................................

Subject to man-made fiber re-
straints (631)..................................

Other (831).....................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

Other:

Containing 50 percent or more by weight
of cotton, man-made fibers or other textile
fibers, or any combination thereof.............

..................

13.2%1/

Subject to cotton restraints (331).......

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(631)......................................................

Other (831)...........................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg
doz. prs......
kg

7%1/

6116.10.65

00

Other.............................................................

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

8.9% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

16.3% (E)

75%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10.7% (E)

75%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6% (E)

XI
61-84

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6116 (con.)
6116.10
(con.)

6116.10.75

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Gloves, mittens and mitts, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

Impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics
or rubber: (con.)
Other: (con.)

With fourchettes:

Containing 50 percent or more by weight of
cotton, man-made fibers or other textile fibers,
or any combination thereof...............................

..................

13.2%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

25%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

Subject to cotton restraints (331)..............

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(631).............................................................

Other (831)..................................................

6116.10.95

00

Other...................................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg
doz. prs......
kg

7%1/

6116.91.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (431)...................................

Other:

doz. prs......
kg

31.2¢/kg + 7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

25%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg
+50%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6116 (con.)

Gloves, mittens and mitts, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

XI
61-85

2

6116.92
6116.92.05

00

6116.92.08

00

Other: (con.)
Of cotton:

Ice hockey gloves and field hockey gloves............

Other gloves, mittens and mitts, all the fore going
specially designed for use in sports, including ski
and snowmobile gloves, mittens and mitts............

doz. prs......
kg

Free

doz. prs......
kg

2.8%1/

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-86

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6116 (con.)

Gloves, mittens and mitts, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

6116.92
(con.)

6116.92.64

6116.92.74

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

Other: (con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other:

Made from a pre-existing machine knit fabric:
Without fourchettes.....................................

..................

23.5%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.5% (E)

Terry cloth type, looped pile fabric
(331)......................................................

Jersey type, brushed or napped fabric
(331)......................................................

Lisle type, no pile, not brushed or
napped (331)........................................

Other (331)...........................................

With fourchettes..........................................

Jersey type, brushed or napped fabric
(331)......................................................

Lisle type, no pile, not brushed or
napped (331)........................................

Other (331)...........................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg
..................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

23.5%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6116.92.88

00

Without fourchettes (331)..........................

Other:

6116.92.94

00

With fourchettes (331)................................

doz. prs......
kg

9.4%1/

doz. prs......
kg

9.4%1/

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

7.4% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6116 (con.)

Gloves, mittens and mitts, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

XI
61-87

2

6116.93
6116.93.05

00

6116.93.08

00

Other: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Ice hockey gloves and field hockey gloves............

Other gloves, mittens and mitts, all the fore going
specially designed for use in sports, including ski
and snowmobile gloves, mittens and mitts............

doz. prs......
kg

Free1/

doz. prs......
kg

2.8%1/

6116.93.64

00

Other:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair:

Without fourchettes (431)..........................

doz. prs......
kg

31¢/kg + 6.9%

6116.93.74

00

With fourchettes (431)................................

doz. prs......
kg

31¢/kg + 6.9%1/

6116.93.88

00

Without fourchettes (631)..........................

Other:

6116.93.94

00

With fourchettes (631)................................

doz. prs......
kg

18.6%1/

doz. prs......
kg

18.6%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg +

50%

$1.10/kg +

50%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

31¢/kg + 5.4% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

16.3% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-88

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6116 (con.)

Gloves, mittens and mitts, knitted or crocheted: (con.)

6116.99

Other: (con.)

Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

6116.99.20

00

Ice hockey gloves and field hockey gloves......

6116.99.35

00

Other gloves, mittens and mitts, all the fore
going specially designed for use in sports,
including ski and snowmobile gloves, mittens
and mitts.............................................................

6116.99.48

00

Without fourchettes (631)..........................

Other:

6116.99.54

00

With fourchettes (631)................................

6116.99.75

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

doz. prs......
kg

Free

doz. prs......
kg

2.8%1/

doz. prs......
kg

18.8%

doz. prs......
kg

18.8%

doz. prs......
kg

Free

45%

45%

90%

90%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

16.5% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6116.99.95

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.8%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (331)....................

Subject to wool restraints (431).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (631).....

Other (831).........................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-89

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6117

6117.10
6117.10.10

00

Other made up clothing accessories, knitted or crocheted;
knitted or crocheted parts of garments or of clothing
accessories:

Shawls, scarves, mufflers, mantillas, veils and the like:

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)...................................

doz............
kg

9.6%1/

6117.10.20

Of man-made fibers........................................................

..................

11.3%

10

30

Containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (459)...........................................

Other (659)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6117.10.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

doz............
kg

1.5%1/

6117.10.60

Other.................................................................................

..................

9.5%1/

10

20

Of cotton (359)..........................................................

Other (859)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
61-90

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6117 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other made up clothing accessories, knitted or crocheted;
knitted or crocheted parts of garments or of clothing
accessories: (con.)

6117.80

Other accessories:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste:

6117.80.20

00

Ties, bow ties and cravats (758)............................

doz............
kg

1.2%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

71.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6117.80.30

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.3%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

90

Headbands, ponytail holders and similar
articles.................................................................

Other (759).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6117 (con.)

6117.80
(con.)

6117.80.85

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-91

2

Other made up clothing accessories, knitted or crocheted;
knitted or crocheted parts of garments or of clothing
accessories: (con.)

Other accessories: (con.)

Other:

Headbands, ponytail holders and similar
articles........................................................................

doz............
kg

14.6%1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,

90%

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, NP,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

6117.80.87

Ties, bow ties and cravats.......................................

..................

5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

71.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6117.80.95

10

20

30

70

10

20

30

40

70

Of cotton (359)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)......................

Of man-made fibers (659)................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other (858).........................................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg
..................

14.6%1/

Of cotton (359)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)......................

Of man-made fibers:

Containing 23 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (659)..................................................

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

XI
61-92

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6117 (con.)

6117.90
6117.90.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other made up clothing accessories, knitted or crocheted;
knitted or crocheted parts of garments or of clothing
accessories: (con.)

Parts:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

..................

2.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

60

Of sweaters (746).....................................................

Of blouses and shirts (739).....................................

Of coats and jackets (735)......................................

Of trousers, breeches and shorts (748).................

Other (759)................................................................

6117.90.90

Other.................................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

14.6%1/

03

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

55

Of sweaters:

Of cotton (345)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (446)......................

Of man-made fibers (646)................................

Other (845).........................................................

Of blouses and shirts:

Of cotton (339)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (438)......................

Of man-made fibers (639)................................

Other (838).........................................................

Of coats and jackets:

Of cotton (335)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (435)......................

Of man-made fibers (635)................................

Other (835).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
61-93

2

Other made up clothing accessories, knitted or crocheted;
knitted or crocheted parts of garments or of clothing
accessories: (con.)
Parts: (con.)

Other (con.)

Of trousers, breeches and shorts:

Of cotton (348)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (448)......................

Of man-made fibers (648)................................

Other (847).........................................................

Other:

Of cotton (359)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)......................

Of man-made fibers (659)................................

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6117 (con.)

6117.90
(con.)
6117.90.90
(con.)

60

65

70

75

80

85

90

95

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 61 - 94
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.15, 9903.88.25, 9903.88.26, 9903.88.27 and 9903.88.28.
3/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

ARTICLES OF APPAREL AND CLOTHING ACCESSORIES, NOT KNITTED OR CROCHETED

CHAPTER 62

Notes

1.

This chapter applies only to made up articles of any textile fabric other than wadding, excluding knitted or crocheted articles
(other than those of heading 6212).

XI
62-1

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Worn clothing or other worn articles of heading 6309;

(b) Orthopedic appliances, surgical belts, trusses or the like (heading 9021).

3.

For the purposes of headings 6203 and 6204:

(a) The term "suit" means a set of garments composed of two or three pieces made up, in respect of their outer surface, pieces

made up in identical fabric, and comprising:

-

-

one suit coat or jacket the outer shell of which, exclusive of sleeves, consists of four or more panels, designed to cover
the upper part of the body, possibly with a tailored waistcoat in addition whose front is made from the same fabric as
the outer surface of the other components of the set and whose back is made from the same fabric as the lining of the
suit coat or jacket; and

one garment designed to cover the lower part of the body and consisting of trousers, breeches or shorts (other than
swimwear), a skirt or a divided skirt, having neither braces nor bibs.

All of the components of a "suit" must be of the same fabric construction, color and composition; they must also be of the
same style and of corresponding or compatible size. However, these components may have piping (a strip of fabric sewn
into the seam) in a different fabric.

If several separate components to cover the lower part of the body area presented together (for example, two pairs of trousers
or trousers and shorts, or a skirt or divided skirt and trousers), the constituent lower part shall be one pair of trousers, or, in
the case of women's or girls' suits, the skirt or divided skirt, the other garments being considered separately.

The term "suit" includes the following sets of garments whether or not they fulfill all the above conditions:

-

-

-

morning dress, comprising a plain jacket (cutaway) with rounded tails hanging well down at the back and striped trousers;

evening dress (tailcoat), generally made of black fabric, the jacket of which is relatively short at the front, does not close
and has narrow skirts cut in at the hips and hanging down behind;

dinner jacket suits, in which the jacket is similar in style to an ordinary jacket (though perhaps revealing more of the shirt
front), but has shiny silk or imitation silk lapels.

(b) The term "ensemble" means a set of garments (other than suits and articles of heading 6207 or 6208) composed of several

pieces made up in identical fabric, put up for retail sale, and comprising:

-

-

one garment designed to cover the upper part of the body, with the exception of waistcoats which may also form a
second upper garment, and

one or two different garments, designed to cover the lower part of the body and consisting of trousers, bib and brace
overalls, breeches, shorts (other than swimwear), a skirt or a divided skirt.

All of the components of an ensemble must be of the same fabric construction, style, color and composition; they also must
be of corresponding or compatible size. The term "ensemble" does not apply to track suits or ski-suits of heading 6211.

4. Headings 6205 and 6206 do not cover garments with pockets below the waist, with a ribbed waistband or other means of tightening

at the bottom of the garment. Heading 6205 does not cover sleeveless garments.

“Shirts” and “shirt-blouses” are garments designed to cover the upper part of the body, having long or short sleeves and a full or
partial opening starting at the neckline. “Blouses” are loose-fitting garments also designed to cover the upper part of the body

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-2
Notes (con.)

but may be sleeveless and with or without an opening at the neckline. “Shirts”, “shirt-blouses” and “blouses” may also have a
collar.

5.

For the purposes of heading 6209:

(a) The expression "babies' garments and clothing accessories" means articles for young children of a body height not exceeding

86 centimeters;

(b) Articles which are, prima facie, classifiable both in heading 6209 and in other headings of this chapter are to be classified

in heading 6209.

6. Garments which are, prima facie, classifiable both in heading 6210 and in other headings of this chapter, excluding heading

6209, are to be classified in heading 6210.

7.

For the purposes of heading 6211,"ski-suits" means garments or sets of garments which, by their general appearance and
texture, are identifiable as intended to be worn principally for skiing (cross-country or alpine). They consist either of:

(a) A "ski overall," that is, a one-piece garment designed to cover the upper and the lower parts of the body; in addition to sleeves

and a collar the ski overall may have pockets or footstraps; or

(b) A "ski ensemble," that is, a set of garments composed of two or three pieces, put up for retail sale and comprising:

-

-

one garment such as an anorak, windbreaker or similar article, closed by a slide fastener (zipper), possibly with a
waistcoat in addition, and

one pair of trousers whether or not extending above waist level, one pair of breeches or one bib and brace overall.

The "ski ensemble" may also consist of an overall similar to the one mentioned in paragraph (a) above and a type of padded,
sleeveless jacket worn over the overall.

All the components of a "ski ensemble" must be made up in a fabric of the same texture, style and composition whether or
not of the same color; they also must be of corresponding or compatible size.

8. Scarves and articles of the scarf type, square or approximately square, of which no side exceeds 60 centimeters, are to be
classified as handkerchiefs (heading 6213). Handkerchiefs of which any side exceeds 60 centimeters are to be classified in
heading 6214.

9. Garments of this chapter designed for left over right closure at the front shall be regarded as men's or boys' garments, and those
designed for right over left closure at the front as women's or girls' garments. These provisions do not apply where the cut of the
garment clearly indicates that it is designed for one or other of the sexes.

Garments which cannot be identified as either men's or boys' garments or as women's or girls' garments are to be classified in
the headings covering women's or girls' garments.

10. Articles of this chapter may be made of metal thread.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

For the purpose of heading 6209, the term "sets" means two or more different garments of headings 6111, 6209 or 6505 imported
together, of corresponding sizes and intended to be worn together by the same person.

For the purposes of subheadings 6201.30.40, 6201.30.70, 6201.40.45, 6201.40.70, 6202.30.40, 6202.30.70, 6202.40.45,
6202.40.70, 6203.41.01, 6203.41.25, 6203.43.03, 6203.43.11, 6203.43.55, 6203.43.75, 6204.61.05, 6204.61.60, 6204.63.02,
6204.63.09, 6204.63.55, 6204.63.75 and 6211.20.15, the term "water resistant" means that garments classifiable in those
subheadings must have a water resistance (see current version of ASTM D7017) such that, under a head pressure of 600
millimeters, not more than 1.0 gram of water penetrates after two minutes when tested in accordance with the current version
of AATCC Test Method 35. This water resistance must be the result of a rubber or plastics application to the outer shell, lining
or inner lining.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-3

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

3.

(a) When used in a subheading of this chapter or immediate superior text thereto, the term 'recreational performance outerwear'
means trousers (including, but not limited to, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of
ski-suits), coveralls, bib and brace overalls, jackets (including, but not limited to, full zip jackets, ski jackets and ski jackets
intended for sale as parts of ski-suits), windbreakers and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), the foregoing of
fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk or manmade fibers, or a combination of such fibers; that are either water resistant
within the meaning of additional U.S. note 2 to this chapter or treated with plastics, or both; with critically sealed seams, and with
5 or more of the following features (as further provided herein):

(i)

insulated for cold weather protection;

(ii) pockets, at least one of which has a zippered, hook and loop, or other type of closure;

(iii) elastic, draw cord or other means of tightening around the waist or leg hems, including hidden leg sleeves with a means of

tightening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets;

(iv) venting, not including grommet(s);

(v) articulated elbows or knees;

(vi)

reinforcement in one of the following areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, ankles or cuffs;

(vii) weatherproof closure at the waist or front;

(viii) multi-adjustable hood or adjustable collar;

(ix) adjustable powder skirt, inner protective skirt or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem;

(x) construction at the arm gusset that utilizes fabric, design or patterning to allow radial arm movement; or

(xi) odor control technology

The term 'recreational performance outerwear' does not include occupational outerwear.

(b) For purposes of this note, the following terms have the following meanings:

(i)

the term 'treated with plastics' refers to textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics, as described
in note 2 to chapter 59.

(ii) The term 'sealed seams' means seams that have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing,

welding or a similar process so that air and water cannot pass through the seams when tested in accordance with the current
version of AATCC Test Method 35.

(iii) The term 'critically sealed seams' means--

(A)

for jackets, windbreakers and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), sealed seams that are sealed at
the front and back yokes, or at the shoulders, arm holes, or both, where applicable; and

(B)

for trousers, overalls and bib and brace overalls and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the
zipper or other means of closure) and back rise.

(iv) The term 'insulation for cold weather protection' means insulation that meets a minimum clo value of 1.5 per ASTM F 2732.

(v) The term 'venting' refers to closable or permanent constructed openings in a garment (excluding front, primary zipper closures
and grommet(s)) to allow increased expulsion of built-up heat during outdoor activities. In a jacket, such openings are often
positioned on the underarm seam of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment.
In trousers, such openings are often positions on the inner or outer leg seams of a garment but may also be placed along
other seams in the front or back of a garment.

(vi) The term 'articulated elbows or knees' refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the

elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets or other means.

(vii) the term 'reinforcement' refers to the use of a double layer of fabric or section(s) of fabric that is abrasion-resistant or otherwise

more durable than the face fabric of the garment.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-4
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(viii) The term 'weatherproof closure' means a closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps or
other weatherproof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption
of moisture or air through an opening in the garment.

(ix)

the term 'multi-adjustable hood' or adjustable collar' means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or
more draw cords, adjustment tabs or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incorporated at least one draw
cord, adjustment tab, elastic or similar component, to allow volume adjustments around a helmet, or around the crown of
the head, neck, or face.

(x) The terms 'adjustable powder skirt' and 'inner protective skirt' refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening

around the waist for additional protection from the elements.

(xi) The term 'arm gusset' means construction at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usually

diamond- or triangular-shaped, designed or patterned to allow radial arm movement.

(xii) The term 'radial arm movement' refers to unrestricted 180-degree range of motion for the arm while wearing performance

outerwear.

(xiii) The term 'odor control technology' means the incorporation into a fabric or garment of materials, including, but not limited

to, activated carbon, silver, copper or any combination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing or reacting with human
odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odor-causing bacteria.

(xiv) The term 'occupational outerwear' means outerwear garments, including uniforms, of a kind principally used in the work
place and specially designed to provide protection from work place hazards such as fire, electrical, abrasion or chemical
hazards, or impacts, cuts and punctures.

(c) The importer of goods entered as 'recreational performance outerwear' under a particular subheading of this chapter shall maintain
records demonstrating that the entered goods meet the terms of this note, including such information as is necessary to demonstrate
the present of the specific features that render the goods eligible for classification as 'recreational performance outerwear'.

Statistical Notes

1.

For the purposes of subheadings 6203.21.00, 6203.22.30, 6203.23.00, 6203.29.20, 6204.21.00, 6204.22.30, 6204.23.00 and
6204.29.20, merchandise entered together and classified for customs purposes as an ensemble, shall be reported statistically
as separate articles and reported under the most appropriate 10-digit reporting number within the same 8-digit tariff subheading
which provides for the ensemble.

2. Certain garments of chapter 62 assembled abroad from components formed and cut in the United States which, after assembly
have been subject to bleaching, garment dyeing stone-washing, acid-washing or perma-pressing abroad, may be eligible for
entry under a Special Access Program or Special Regime. Eligibility must be established under a bilateral agreement, and entry
must be in compliance with procedures established by the Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements. The importer
is required to identify such garments on the entry summary or withdrawal forms by placing the symbol "H" as a prefix to the
appropriate 10-digit chapter 62 tariff number.

3.. Certain garments of chapter 62, manufactured (cut and assembled) from fabric formed in the United States, may be eligible for
entry under the Outward Processing Program for textiles and apparel. Eligibility must be in compliance with procedures established
by the Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA). The importer is required to identify such garments on
the entry summary or withdrawal forms by placing the symbol "S" as a prefix to the appropriate 10-digit chapter 62 tariff number.

4.

For the purpose of statistical reporting numbers 6203.43.1110, 6203.43.7510, 6204.63.0910, 6204.63.7510, 6210.40.2531,
6210.40.5531, 6210.50.0531 and 6210.50.5531, the term "ski/snowboard pants" means ankle-length pants made of synthetic
fabrics with or without insulation for cold weather protection, with pockets, at least one of which has a zippered or hook and loop
closure, sealed seams at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise, hidden leg sleeves with a means
of tightening at the ankle, and with one or more of the following: side openings, scuff guards or reinforcement in the seat. A
sealed seam is a seam that is sealed by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing or similar process so that air and
water cannot pass through.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6201

6201.20
6201.20.11

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-5

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar
coats:................................................................................

..................

41¢/kg + 16.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

10

20

Men's (434)...............................................................

Boys' (434)................................................................

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):

Recreational performance outerwear:

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6201.20.19

00

Padded, sleeveless jackets (459)....................

doz............
kg

8.5%1/

6201.20.29

Other...................................................................

..................

49.7¢/kg +
19.7%1/

11

21

Men's (434)..................................................

Boys' (434)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6201.20.35

00

Padded, sleeveless jackets (459)....................

Other:

doz............
kg

8.5%1/

6201.20.40

Other...................................................................

..................

49.7¢/kg +
19.7%1/

11

21

Men's (434)..................................................

Boys' (434)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

XI
62-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6201 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203: (con.)

6201.30

Of cotton:

6201.30.12

00

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar coats:
Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down
and waterfowl plumage and of which down
comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of down
(353)...........................................................................

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

6201.30.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

9.4%1/

60%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

25

35

50

60

Raincoats:

Men's (334)..................................................

Boys' (334)...................................................

Other:

Corduroy:

Men's (334)...........................................

Boys' (334)............................................

Other:

Men's (334)...........................................

Boys' (334)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6201 (con.)

6201.30
(con.)

6201.30.30

00

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203: (con.)
Of cotton: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down (353).........................................................

6201.30.40

00

Water resistant (334)..................................

Other:

6201.30.50

Other.............................................................

..................

9.4%1/

05

10

21

31

41

51

61

Padded, sleeveless jackets:

With attachments for sleeves
(334)................................................

Other (359).....................................

Other:

Corduroy (334)...............................

Blue denim:

Men's (334).............................

Boys' (334)..............................

Other:

Men's (334).............................

Boys' (334)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

doz............
kg

6.2%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

37.5%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6201 (con.)

6201.30
(con.)

6201.30.60

00

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203: (con.)
Of cotton: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):
(con.)

Other:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down (353).........................................................

6201.30.70

00

Water resistant (334)..................................

Other:

6201.30.80

Other.............................................................

..................

9.4%1/

05

10

21

31

41

51

61

Padded, sleeveless jackets:

With attachments for sleeves
(334)................................................

Other (359).....................................

Other:

Corduroy (334)...............................

Blue denim:

Men's (334).............................

Boys' (334)..............................

Other:

Men's (334).............................

Boys' (334)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

doz............
kg

6.2%1/

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

37.5%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6201 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-9

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203: (con.)

6201.40

Of man-made fibers:

6201.40.10

00

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar coats:
Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down
and waterfowl plumage and of which down
comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of down
(653)...........................................................................

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6201.40.15

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

Other:

49.7¢/kg +
19.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

6201.40.20

10

20

15

20

30

40

Men's (434)..................................................

Boys' (434)...................................................

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

27.7%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Raincoats:

Men's (634)...........................................

Boys' (634)............................................

Other:

Men's (634)...........................................

Boys' (634)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6201 (con.)

6201.40
(con.)

6201.40.25

00

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203: (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down (653).........................................................

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

6201.40.35

Padded sleeveless jackets:.......................

..................

14.9%1/

Other:

60%

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6201.40.40

10

20

11

21

With attachments for sleeves (634)....

Other (659)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair.......

..................

Men's (434)....................................

Boys' (434).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

49.5¢/kg +
19.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

6201.40.45

00

Water resistant (634)....................

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

6201.40.50

Other...............................................

..................

27.7%1/

65%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

11

21

Men's (634).............................

Boys' (634)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6201 (con.)

6201.40
(con.)

6201.40.55

00

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203: (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):
(con.)

Other:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down (653).........................................................

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

6201.40.60

Padded, sleeveless jackets.......................

..................

14.9%1/

Other:

60%

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6201.40.65

10

20

11

21

With attachments for sleeves (634)....

Other (659)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair.......

..................

Men's (434)....................................

Boys' (434).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

49.5¢/kg +
19.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

6201.40.70

00

Water resistant (634) ...................

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

6201.40.75

Other...............................................

..................

27.7%1/

65%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

11

21

Men's (634).............................

Boys' (634)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
62-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6201 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203: (con.)

6201.90

Of other textile materials:

6201.90.19

00

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar coats:
Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (734).........................................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

6201.90.29

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (334)....................

Subject to wool restraints (434).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (634).....

Other (834).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6201 (con.)

6201.90
(con.)

6201.90.39

00

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste (735).......................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

6201.90.49

Other...................................................................

..................

4.2%1/

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (334)..............

Subject to wool restraints (434)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(634).............................................................

Other (834)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6201.90.59

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste (735).......................................

Other:

doz............
kg

Free1/

6201.90.69

Other...................................................................

..................

4.2%1/

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (334)..............

Subject to wool restraints (434)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(634).............................................................

Other (834)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6202

6202.20
6202.20.11

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar
coats:................................................................................

..................

41¢/kg + 16.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

10

20

Women's (435).........................................................

Girls' (435).................................................................

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):

Recreational performance outerwear:

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6202.20.19

00

Padded, sleeveless jackets (459)....................

doz............
kg

14%1/

6202.20.29

Other...................................................................

..................

36¢/kg + 16.3%1/

11

21

Women's (435)............................................

Girls' (435)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6202.20.35

00

Padded, sleeveless jackets (459)....................

Other:

doz............
kg

14%1/

6202.20.40

Other...................................................................

..................

36¢/kg + 16.3%1/

11

21

Women's (438)............................................

Girls' (435)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-15

2

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204: (con.)

6202.30

Of cotton:

6202.30.12

00

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar coats:
Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down
and waterfowl plumage and of which down
comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of down
(354)...........................................................................

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

6202.30.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.9%1/

60%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

25

35

50

60

Raincoats:

Women's (335)............................................

Girls' (335)...................................................

Other:

Corduroy:

Women's (335).....................................

Girls' (335)............................................

Other:

Women's (335).....................................

Girls' (335)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6202 (con.)

6202.30
(con.)

6202.30.30

00

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204: (con.)
Of cotton: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down (354).........................................................

6202.30.40

00

Water resistant (335)..................................

Other:

6202.30.50

Other.............................................................

..................

8.9%1/

10

20

26

31

61

71

Padded, sleeveless jackets:

With attachments for sleeves
(335)................................................

Other (359).....................................

Other:

Corduroy:

Women's (335)........................

Girls' (335)...............................

Other:

Women's (335) .......................

Girls' (335)...............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

doz............
kg

6.2%1/

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

37.5%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6202 (con.)

6202.30
(con.)

6202.30.60

00

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204: (con.)
Of cotton: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):
(con.)

Other:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down (354).........................................................

6202.30.70

00

Water resistant (335)..................................

Other:

6202.30.80

Other.............................................................

..................

8.9%1/

10

20

26

31

61

71

Padded, sleeveless jackets:

With attachments for sleeves
(335)................................................

Other (359).....................................

Other:

Corduroy:

Women's (335)........................

Girls' (335)...............................

Other:

Women's (335)........................

Girls' (335)...............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

doz............
kg

6.2%1/

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

37.5%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204: (con.)

6202.40

Of man-made fibers:

6202.40.10

00

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar coats:
Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down
and waterfowl plumage and of which down
comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of down
(654)...........................................................................

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6202.40.15

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

Other:

43.5¢/kg +
19.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

6202.40.20

10

20

05

10

20

30

Women's (435)............................................

Girls' (435)...................................................

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

27.7%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Raincoats:

Women's (635).....................................

Girls' (635)............................................

Other:

Women's (635).....................................

Girls' (635)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6202 (con.)

6202.40
(con.)

6202.40.25

00

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204: (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down (654).........................................................

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

6202.40.35

Padded, sleeveless jackets.......................

..................

14.9%

Other:

60%

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6202.40.40

10

20

11

21

With attachments for sleeves (635)....

Other (659)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair.......

..................

Women's (435)..............................

Girls' (435)......................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

43.4¢/kg +
19.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

6202.40.45

00

Water resistant (635)....................

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

6202.40.50

Other...............................................

..................

27.7%1/

65%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

11

21

Women's (635)........................

Girls' (635)...............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6202 (con.)

6202.40
(con.)

6202.40.55

00

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204: (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):
(con.)

Other:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down (654).........................................................

doz............
kg

4.4%1/

6202.40.60

Padded, sleeveless jackets.......................

..................

14.9%1/

Other:

60%

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6202.40.65

10

20

11

21

With attachments for sleeves (635)....

Other (659)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair.......

..................

Women's (435)..............................

Girls' (435)......................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

43.4¢/kg +
19.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

6202.40.70

00

Water resistant (635)....................

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

6202.40.75

Other...............................................

..................

27.7%1/

65%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

11

21

Women's (635)........................

Girls' (635)...............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6202 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-21

2

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204: (con.)

6202.90

Of other textile materials:

6202.90.19

00

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar coats:
Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (735).........................................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

6202.90.29

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (335)....................

Subject to wool restraints (435).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (635).....

Other (835).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6202 (con.)

6202.90
(con.)

6202.90.39

00

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets):

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste (735).......................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

6202.90.49

Other...................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

11

21

31

61

Subject to cotton restraints (335) .............

Subject to wool restraints (435)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(635).............................................................

Other (835)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6202.90.59

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste (735).......................................

Other:

doz............
kg

Free1/

6202.90.69

Other ..................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

11

21

31

61

Subject to cotton restraints (335)..............

Subject to wool restraints (435)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(635).............................................................

Other (835)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear):

XI
62-23

2

6203.11

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Suits:

6203.11.15

00

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste:

Of worsted wool fabric, made of wool yarn
having an average fiber diameter of 18.5
microns or less (443).........................................

6203.11.30

00

Other (443).........................................................

6203.11.60

00

Other:

Of worsted wool fabric, made of wool yarn
having an average fiber diameter of 18.5
microns or less (443).........................................

6203.11.90

00

Other (443).........................................................

6203.12
6203.12.10

00

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (443)...........................................

No.............
kg

7.5%1/

No.............
kg

7.5%1/

No.............
kg

17.5%1/

No.............
kg

17.5%1/

No.............
kg

17.5%1/

6203.12.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

27.3%1/

10

20

Men's (643)........................................................

Boys' (643).........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

65%

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.19
6203.19.10

10

20

30

6203.19.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Suits: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of cotton....................................................................

..................

13.2%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Jackets imported as parts of suits (333).........

Trousers, breeches and shorts imported as
parts of suits (347).............................................

Waistcoats imported as parts of suits (359)....

Of artificial fibers:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair (443)...........................

6203.19.30

00

Other (643).........................................................

6203.19.50

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (743).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

No.............
kg

52.9¢/kg + 21%

No.............
kg

14.9%

No.............
kg

3.8%1/

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6203.19.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

80

Subject to cotton restraints:

Jackets imported as parts of suits
(333).............................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts imported
as parts of suits (347).................................

Waistcoats imported as parts of suits
(359).............................................................

Subject to wool restraints (443).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (643).....

Other (843).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-25

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.22
6203.22.10

00

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Ensembles:

Of cotton:

Judo, karate and other oriental martial arts
uniforms (359)...........................................................

doz............
kg

7.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

6203.22.30

Other..........................................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

10

15

20

30

50

60

Garments described in heading 6201 (334)....

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6203 (333)..........................................................

Trousers and breeches (347)...........................

Shorts (347)........................................................

Shirts (340).........................................................

Other (359).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
62-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)
Ensembles: (con.)

6203.23.00

Of synthetic fibers...........................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

15

20

30

40

50

55

60

70

80

90

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair:

Garments described in heading 6201 (434)....

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6203 (433)..........................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts (447)..............

Shirts (440).........................................................

Other (459).........................................................

Other:

Garments described in heading 6201(634).....

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6203 (633)..........................................................

Trousers and breeches (647)...........................

Shorts (647)........................................................

Shirts (640).........................................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.29

6203.29.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-27

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)
Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Suits, suit-type jackets and trousers, the
foregoing of worsted wool fabric, made of wool
yarn having an average fiber diameter of 18.5
microns or less...................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

15

20

Suits (443)...................................................

Suit-type jackets (433)...............................

Trousers (447).............................................

6203.29.15

Other...................................................................

No.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

10

15

20

30

60

Garments described in heading 6201
(434).............................................................

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6203 (433)...................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts (447).......

Shirts (440)..................................................

Other (459)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

XI
62-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.29
(con.)
6203.29.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)
Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Of artificial fibers.......................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

20

30

35

50

60

Garments described in heading 6201 (634)....

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6203 (633)..........................................................

Trousers and breeches (647)...........................

Shorts (647)........................................................

Shirts (640).........................................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.29
(con.)
6203.29.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-29

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)
Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

The rate

Free (AU, BH, CL,

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the in the
ensemble if
separately
entered2/

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

20

26

28

30

46

48

50

60

70

80

Garments described in heading 6201:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (734)............................

Other (834)..................................................

Jackets and blazers described in heading
6203:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (733)............................

Other (833)..................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (747)............................

Other:

Trousers and breeches (847).............

Shorts (847)..........................................

Shirts:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (740)............................

Other (840)..................................................

Other:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste (759)............................

Other (859)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.31
6203.31.50

6203.31.90

10

20

10

20

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Suit-type jackets and blazers:
Of wool or fine animal hair:

Of worsted wool fabric, made of wool yarn having
an average fiber diameter of 18.5 microns or
less.............................................................................

..................

17.5%1/

For suits described in Note 3(a) (443)............

Other (433).........................................................

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

17.5%1/

For suits described in Note 3(a) (443)............

Other (433).........................................................

No.
kg

doz.
kg

6203.32
6203.32.10

00

Of cotton:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of flax
fibers (333)................................................................

doz............
kg

2.8%1/

6203.32.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

9.4%1/

10

20

30

40

50

Corduroy:

Men's (333)..................................................

Boys' (333)...................................................

Blue denim (333)...............................................

Other:

Men's (333)..................................................

Boys' (333)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

59.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

59.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-31

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Suit-type jackets and blazers: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

22%1/

Men's:

For suits described in Note 3(a) (443)......

Other (433)..................................................

Boys':

For suits described in Note 3(a) (443)......

No.
kg

doz.
kg

No.
kg

Other (433)..................................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg
..................

27.3%1/

Men's (633)........................................................

Boys' (633).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

59.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.33
6203.33.10

30

40

50

60

10

20

6203.33.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.39

6203.39.10

6203.39.20

10

20

10

20

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Suit-type jackets and blazers: (con.)

Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

22%

For suits described in Note 3(a) (443)......

Other (433)..................................................

Other...................................................................

No.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

27.3%1/

Men's (633)..................................................

Boys' (633)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6203.39.50

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (733).........................................................

doz............
kg

1%1/

6203.39.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

10

20

30

60

Subject to cotton restraints (333)....................

Subject to wool restraints (433).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (633).....

Other (833).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

59.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-33

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:

6203.41

Of wool or fine animal hair:

6203.41.01

6203.41.03

6203.41.06

10

20

10

20

10

20

30

Recreational performance outerwear:
Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Trousers and breeches, containing
elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without
belt loops, weighing more than 9 kg per
dozen............................................................

Men's (447)...........................................

Boys' (447)............................................

Other:

Trousers of worsted wool fabric, made
of wool yarn having an average fiber
diameter of 18.5 microns or less........

Men's (447)....................................

Boys' (447).....................................

Other......................................................

Trousers and breeches:

Men's (447).............................

Boys' (447)..............................

Shorts (447)...................................

6203.41.08

00

Bib and brace overalls (459) ...........................

..................

7.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

..................

41.9¢/kg +
16.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg
doz............
kg

41.9¢/kg +
16.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

8.5%1/

63%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.41
(con.)

6203.41.25

6203.41.30

6203.41.60

10

20

10

20

10

20

30

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of wool or fine animal hair: (con.)

Other:

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Trousers and breeches, containing
elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without
belt loops, weighing more than 9 kg per
dozen............................................................

Men's (447)...........................................

Boys' (447)............................................

Other:

Trousers of worsted wool fabric, made
of wool yarn having an average fiber
diameter of 18.5 microns or less........

Men's (447)....................................

Boys' (447).....................................

Other......................................................

Trousers and breeches:

Men's (447).............................

Boys' (447)..............................

Shorts (447)...................................

6203.41.80

00

Bib and brace overalls (459)............................

..................

7.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

..................

41.9¢/kg +
16.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg
doz............
kg

41.9¢/kg +
16.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

8.5%1/

63%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-35

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

6203.42

Of cotton:

6203.42.03

00

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down....................................................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

6203.42.05

Bib and brace overalls................................

..................

10.3%1/

Other:

60%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

25

50

90

Insulated for cold weather protection
(359)......................................................

Other:

Men's (359)....................................

Boys', sizes 2-7:

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (237)..............................

Other (359).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

XI
62-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.42
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Other: (con.)

6203.42.07

Other.............................................................

..................

16.6%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

06

11

16

21

26

31

36

41

46

51

56

61

Containing compact yarns described
in statistical reporting numbers
5205.42.0021, 5205.43.0021
5205.44.0021, 5205.46.0021 or
5205.47.0021 (347).............................

Other:

Men's trousers and breeches:

Corduroy (347)........................

Blue denim (347)....................

Other (347)..............................

Boys' trousers and breeches:

Corduroy:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (347).......................

Blue denim:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (347).......................

Other:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (347).......................

Men's shorts (347)........................

Boys' shorts:

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (347) .............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-37

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.42
(con.)

6203.42.17

00

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down....................................................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

6203.42.25

Bib and brace overalls................................

..................

10.3%1/

Other:

05

10

25

50

90

Insulated, for cold weather protection
(359)......................................................

Other:

Men's (359)....................................

Boys', sizes 2-7:

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (237)..............................

Other (359).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

60%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

6203.42
(con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

6203.42.45

Other.............................................................

..................

16.6%1/

03

Containing compact yarns described
in statistical reporting numbers
5205.42.0021, 5205.43.0021
5205.44.0021, 5205.46.0021 or
5205.47.0021 (347).............................

doz.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-39

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other (con.)

Other:

Men's trousers and breeches:

Corduroy (347)........................

Blue denim (347)....................

Designed for use in hospitals,
clinics, laboratories or
contaminated areas (347)......

Other (347)..............................

Boys' trousers and breeches:

Corduroy:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (347).......................

Blue denim:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (347).......................

Other:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (347).......................

Men's shorts (347)........................

Boys' shorts:

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (347)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.42
(con.)

6203.42.45
(con.)

06

11

14

18

21

26

31

36

41

46

51

56

61

XI
62-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

6203.43

Of synthetic fibers:

6203.43.01

00

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down....................................................................

6203.43.03

00

Water resistant (659)...........................

Other:

Bib and brace overalls:

doz............
kg

Free

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

6203.43.05

Other......................................................

..................

14.9%1/

60%

65%

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

25

50

90

Insulated, for cold weather
protection (659).............................

Other:

Men's (659).............................

Boys', sizes 2-7:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (237).......................

Other (659)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-41

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers: (con.)

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair.......

..................

49.6¢/kg +
19.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers and breeches:

Men's (447).............................

Boys' (447)..............................

Shorts (447)...................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Other:

Water resistant trousers or
breeches (647) .............................

..................

7.1%1/

Ski/snowboard pants (647)....

Other (647)..............................

Other...............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

27.9%1/

Trousers and breeches:

Men's (647).......................

Boys':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (647)................

Shorts:

Men's (647).......................

Boys':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (257)...........

Other (647)................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.43
(con.)

6203.43.09

6203.43.11

6203.43.13

10

20

30

10

90

10

15

20

30

35

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.43
(con.)

6203.43.45

00

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers: (con.)

Other:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down....................................................................

6203.43.55

00

Water resistant (659)...........................

Other:

Bib and brace overalls:

6203.43.60

Other......................................................

..................

14.9%1/

05

10

25

50

90

Insulated, for cold weather
protection (659).............................

Other:

Men's (659).............................

Boys', sizes 2-7:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (237).......................

Other (659)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz............
kg

Free1/

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

60%

65%

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-43

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore
products (647)......................................

doz............
kg

12.2%1/

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Other:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal
hair..................................................

..................

49.6¢/kg +
19.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +
58.5%

Trousers and breeches:

Men's (447).......................

Boys' (447) .......................

Shorts (447)............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.43
(con.)

6203.43.65

00

6203.43.70

10

20

30

XI
62-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.43
(con.)

6203.43.75

6203.43.90

10

90

09

11

15

20

30

35

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Water resistant trousers or
breeches (647)........................

..................

7.1%1/

Ski/snowboard pants
(647)..................................

Other (647).......................

Other........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

27.9%1/

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers and breeches:

Men’s:

Designed for use
in hospitals,
clinics,
laboratories or
contaminated
areas (647)..........

Other (647)..........

Boys':

Imported as parts
of playsuits
(237)....................

Other (647)..........

Shorts:

Men's (647)................

Boys':

Imported as parts
of playsuits
(237)....................

Other (647)..........

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-45

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6203.49

Of other textile materials:

Recreational performance outerwear:

Of artificial fibers:

6203.49.01

Bib and brace overalls................................

..................

8.5%1/

6203.49.05

05

10

25

50

90

05

15

20

30

45

50

60

Insulated, for cold weather protection
(659)......................................................

Other:

Men's (659)....................................

Boys', sizes 2-7:

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (237)..............................

Other (659).....................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts.................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg
..................

27.9%1/

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair
(447)......................................................

Other:

Trousers and breeches:

Men's (647).............................

Boys'

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (647).......................

Shorts:

Men's (647).............................

Boys':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (647).......................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
62-46

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.49
(con.)

6203.49.07

6203.49.09

10

20

30

10

20

25

30

45

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste......................................
Bib and brace overalls (759)...............

Trousers and breeches (747).............

Shorts (747)..........................................

Other.............................................................

Free1/

..................
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

2.8%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Bib and brace overalls (859)...............

Trousers and breeches:

Subject to cotton restraints
(347)................................................

Subject to wool restraints (447)....

Subject to man-made fiber
restraints (647)..............................

Other (847).....................................

Shorts (847)..........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-47

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other:

Of artificial fibers:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.49
(con.)

6203.49.25

Bib and brace overalls................................

..................

8.5%1/

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

25

50

90

Insulated, for cold weather protection
(659)......................................................

Other:

Men's (659)....................................

Boys', sizes 2-7:

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (237)..............................

Other (659).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-48

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.49
(con.)

6203.49.35

00

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of artificial fibers: (con.)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore
products................................................

doz............
kg

12.2%1/

6203.49.50

Other......................................................

..................

27.9%1/

76%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

15

20

30

45

50

60

10

20

30

6203.49.60

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair
(447)................................................

Other:

Trousers and breeches:

Men's (647).......................

Boys':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (647)................

Shorts:

Men's (647).......................

Boys':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (647)................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................
Bib and brace overalls (759).....................

Trousers and breeches (747)....................

Shorts (747).................................................

Free

..................
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-49

2

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other ..................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Bib and brace overalls (859).....................

Trousers and breeches:

Subject to cotton restraints (347).......

Subject to wool restraints (447)..........

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(647)......................................................

Other (847)...........................................

Shorts (847).................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6203 (con.)

6203.49
(con.)

6203.49.90

10

20

25

30

45

60

6204

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear):

6204.11.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (444)...................................

Suits:

No.............
kg

14%1/

6204.12.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

58.5%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

Jackets imported as parts of suits (335)...............

Skirts and divided skirts imported as parts of suits
(342)...........................................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts imported as parts
of suits (348).............................................................

Waistcoats imported as parts of suits (359)..........

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
62-50

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.13
6204.13.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Suits: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair (444)...........................................

No.............
kg

17%1/

6204.13.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

35.3¢/kg +
25.9%1/

10

20

Women's (644)...................................................

Girls' (644)..........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

37.5¢/kg +

76%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-51

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.19

6204.19.10

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Suits: (con.)

Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair (444)...........................

No.............
kg

17%1/

6204.19.20

00

Other (644).........................................................

6204.19.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (744).........................................................

No.............
kg

35.3¢/kg +
25.9%1/

No.............
kg

1%1/

6204.19.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Subject to cotton restraints:

Jackets imported as parts of suits
(335).............................................................

Skirts and divided skirts imported as parts
of suits (342)................................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts imported
as parts of suits (348).................................

Waistcoats imported as parts of suits
(359).............................................................

Subject to wool restraints (444).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (644).....

Other (844).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

37.5¢/kg +

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-52

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Ensembles:

6204.21.00

Of wool or fine animal hair..............................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

30

40

60

70

Garments described in heading 6202; jackets and
blazers described in heading 6204 (435)..............

Skirts and divided skirts (442)................................

Trousers, breeches and shorts (448).....................

Blouses and shirts (440)..........................................

Other (459)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6204.22
6204.22.10

00

Of cotton:

Judo, karate and other oriental martial arts
uniforms (359)...........................................................

doz............
kg

7.5%1/

6204.22.30

Other..........................................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

30

40

50

60

65

70

Garments described in heading 6202; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6204
(335)....................................................................

Skirts and divided skirts (342).........................

Trousers and breeches (348)...........................

Shorts (348)........................................................

Blouses and shirts:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
filling (341)...................................................

Other (341)..................................................

Other (359).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-53

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

6204.23.00

Of synthetic fibers...........................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

05

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

55

60

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair:

Garments described in heading 6202; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6204
(435)....................................................................

Skirts and divided skirts (442).........................

Trousers, breeches and shorts (448)..............

Blouses and shirts (440)...................................

Other (459).........................................................

Other:

Garments described in heading 6202; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6204
(635)....................................................................

Skirts and divided skirts (642).........................

Trousers and breeches (648)...........................

Shorts (648)........................................................

Blouses and shirts:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
filling (641)...................................................

Other (641)..................................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

XI
62-54

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.29
6204.29.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of artificial fibers.......................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

15

20

25

30

40

50

Garments described in heading 6202; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6204
(635)....................................................................

Skirts and divided skirts.(642).........................

Trousers and breeches (648)...........................

Shorts (648)........................................................

Blouses and shirts:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
filling (641)...................................................

Other (641)..................................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.29
(con.)
6204.29.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-55

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

The rate

Free (AU, BH, CL,

The rate

applicable to
each garment in
the ensemble if
separately
entered

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

applicable to
each
garment in
the ensemble
if separately
entered

10

12

14

16

18

20

22

24

26

28

30

32

Garments described in heading 6202; jackets
and blazers described in heading 6204:

Subject to cotton restraints (335)..............

Subject to wool restraints (435)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(635).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(735)................................................

Other (835).....................................

Other (835)...........................................

Skirts and divided skirts:

Subject to cotton restraints (342)..............

Subject to wool restraints (442)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(642).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(742)................................................

Other (842).....................................

Other (842)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

XI
62-56

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.29
(con.)
6204.29.40
(con.)

34

36

38

40

41

43

47

49

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other (con.)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Subject to cotton restraints (348)..............

Subject to wool restraints (448)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(648).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(748)................................................

Other:

Trousers and breeches
(847).........................................

Shorts (847)............................

Other:

Trousers and breeches (847)......

Shorts (847)...................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-57

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Ensembles: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other (con.)

Blouses and shirts:

Subject to cotton restraints (341)..............

Subject to wool restraints (440)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(641).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(741)................................................

Other (840).....................................

Other (840)...........................................

Other:

Subject to cotton restraints (359)..............

Subject to wool restraints (459)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(659).............................................................

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste
(759)................................................

Other (859).....................................

Other (859)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.29
(con.)
6204.29.40
(con.)

70

72

74

76

78

80

82

84

86

88

90

92

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-58

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.31
6204.31.10

6204.31.20

10

20

10

20

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Suit-type jackets and blazers:
Of wool or fine animal hair:

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

..................

7.5%1/

Women's (435)...................................................

Girls' (435)..........................................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

17.5%1/

Women's (435)...................................................

Girls' (435)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6204.32
6204.32.10

00

Of cotton:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of flax
fibers (335)................................................................

doz............
kg

2.8%1/

6204.32.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

9.4%1/

10

20

30

40

Corduroy:

Women's (335)............................................

Girls' (335)...................................................

Other:

Women's (335)............................................

Girls' (335)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

35%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-59

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.33
6204.33.10

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Suit-type jackets and blazers: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (635).........................................................

6204.33.20

00

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of flax
fibers (635)................................................................

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

doz............
kg

2.8%

6204.33.40

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

46.3¢/kg + 21%1/

6204.33.50

10

20

10

20

Women's (435)...................................................

Girls' (435)..........................................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

27.3%1/

Women's (635)...................................................

Girls' (635)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

65%

35%

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-60

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.39

6204.39.20

6204.39.30

10

20

10

20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Suit-type jackets and blazers: (con.)

Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

37.1¢/kg +
16.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

Women's (435)............................................

Girls' (435)...................................................

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

27.3%1/

Women's (635)............................................

Girls' (635)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6204.39.60

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste (735).......................................

Other:

doz............
kg

1%1/

6204.39.80

Other...................................................................

..................

6.3%1/

10

20

30

50

60

Subject to cotton restraints (335)..............

Subject to wool restraints (435)................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(635).............................................................

Other:

Of silk (835)..........................................

Other (835)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-61

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.41
6204.41.10

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Dresses:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (436).........................................................

doz............
kg

7.2%1/

6204.41.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

13.6%1/

10

20

Women's (436)...................................................

Girls' (436)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6204.42
6204.42.10

00

Of cotton:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products
(336)...........................................................................

6204.42.20

00

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
flax fibers (336)..................................................

Other:

doz............
kg

11.8%1/

doz............
kg

5.5%1/

6204.42.30

Other...................................................................

..................

8.4%1/

10

20

30

40

50

60

Corduroy:

Women's (336).....................................

Girls' (336)............................................

Other:

With two or more colors in the warp
and/or the filling:

Women's (336)..............................

Girls' (336)......................................

Other:

Women's (336)..............................

Girls' (336)......................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

90%

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-62

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.43
6204.43.10

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Dresses: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products
(636)...........................................................................

doz............
kg

11.3%1/

6204.43.20

00

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste (636).......................................

Other:

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

6204.43.30

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

14.9%1/

10

20

Women's (436)............................................

Girls' (436)...................................................

6204.43.40

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

16%1/

10

20

30

40

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
the filling:

Women's (636).....................................

Girls' (636)............................................

Other:

Women's (636).....................................

Girls' (636)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-63

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.44
6204.44.20

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Dresses: (con.)

Of artificial fibers:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products
(636)...........................................................................

doz............
kg

11.3%1/

6204.44.30

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

8.5%1/

Other:

6204.44.40

10

20

10

20

Women's (436)............................................

Girls' (436)...................................................

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

16%1/

Women's (636)............................................

Girls' (636)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6204.49
6204.49.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (736).........................................................

doz............
kg

6.9%1/

6204.49.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.9%1/

10

20

30

50

60

Subject to cotton restraints (336)....................

Subject to wool restraints (436).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (636).....

Other:

Of silk (836).................................................

Other (836)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

65%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-64

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Skirts and divided skirts:

6204.51.00

Of wool or fine animal hair..............................................

..................

14%1/

10

20

Women's (442).........................................................

Girls' (442).................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6204.52
6204.52.10

00

Of cotton:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products
(342)...........................................................................

doz............
kg

8%1/

6204.52.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.2%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

10

20

30

40

70

80

Corduroy:

Women's (342)............................................

Girls' (342)...................................................

Blue denim:

Women's (342)............................................

Girls' (342)...................................................

Other:

Women's (342)............................................

Girls' (342)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-65

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.53
6204.53.10

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Skirts and divided skirts: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Certified hand-loomed products and folklore
products (642)..........................................................

doz............
kg

11.3%1/

6204.53.20

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of
wool or fine animal hair.....................................

..................

14.9%1/

Other:

6204.53.30

10

20

10

20

Women's (442)............................................

Girls' (442)...................................................

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

16%1/

Women's (642)............................................

Girls' (642)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-66

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.59

6204.59.10

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Skirts and divided skirts: (con.)
Of other textile materials:
Of artificial fibers:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products
(642)....................................................................

doz............
kg

11.3%1/

6204.59.20

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair..........................

..................

14.9%1/

Other:

6204.59.30

6204.59.40

10

20

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

60

Women's (442).....................................

Girls' (442)............................................

Other.............................................................

Women's (642).....................................

Girls' (642)............................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

16%1/

6.6%1/

Subject to cotton restraints (342)....................

Subject to wool restraints (442).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (642).....

Other:

Of silk:

Containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste (742)........

Other (842)...........................................

Other (842)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-67

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:

6204.61

Of wool or fine animal hair:

6204.61.05

Recreational performance outerwear:

Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric
fiber, water resistant, without belt loops,
weighing more than 6 kg per dozen.................

6204.61.15

6204.61.60

6204.61.80

10

20

10

20

30

40

10

20

10

20

30

40

Women's (448)............................................

Girls' (448)...................................................

Other...................................................................

..................

7.6%1/

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

13.6%1/

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers and breeches:

Women's (448).....................................

Girls' (448)............................................

Shorts (448).................................................

Bib and brace overall (459).......................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric
fiber, water resistant, without belt loops,
weighing more than 6 kg per dozen.................

..................

7.6%1/

Women's (448)............................................

Girls' (448)...................................................

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

13.6%1/

Trousers and breeches:

Women's (448).....................................

Girls' (448)............................................

Shorts (448).................................................

Bib and brace overalls (459).....................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-68

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

6204.62

Of cotton:

6204.62.03

00

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down....................................................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

6204.62.05

Bib and brace overalls................................

..................

8.9%1/

Other:

60%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

25

50

Insulated, for cold weather protection
(359)......................................................

Other:

Women's (359)..............................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (237) .............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-69

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

6204.62
(con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

6204.62.15

Other.............................................................

..................

16.6%1/

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Other: (con.)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

06

11

21

26

31

36

41

46

51

56

61

66

Containing compact yarns described
in statistical reporting numbers
5205.42.0021, 5205.43.0021,
5205.44.0021, 5205.46.0021 or
5205.47.0021 (348).............................

Other:

Women's trousers and breeches:
Corduroy (348) .......................

Blue denim (348)....................

Other (348)..............................

Girls' trousers and breeches:

Corduroy:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (348).......................

Blue denim:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (348).......................

Other:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (348).......................

Women's shorts (348)...................

Girls' shorts:

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (348)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-70

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.62
(con.)

6204.62.50

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down....................................................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

6204.62.60

Bib and brace overalls................................

..................

8.9%1/

Other:

05

10

25

50

Insulated, for cold weather protection
(359)......................................................

Other:

Women's (359)..............................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (237)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

60%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-71

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.62
(con.)

6204.62.70

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore
products (348)......................................

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

6204.62.80

Other......................................................

..................

16.6%1/

03

06

11

14

18

Containing compact yarns
described in statistical reporting
numbers 5205.42.0021,
5205.43.0021, 5205.44.0021,
5205.46.0021 or 5205.47.0021
(348)................................................

Other:

Women's trousers and
breeches:

Corduroy (348).................

Blue denim (348)..............

Designed for use in
hospitals, clinics,
laboratories or
contaminated areas
(348)..................................

Other (348).......................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

XI
62-72

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.62
(con.)

6204.62.80
(con.)

26

31

36

41

46

51

56

61

66

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other (con.)

Other: (con.)

Girls' trousers and breeches:

Corduroy:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (348)................

Blue denim:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (348)................

Other:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (348)................

Women's shorts (348)............

Girls' shorts:

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (348).......................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-73

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

6204.63

Of synthetic fibers:

6204.63.01

00

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down....................................................................

6204.63.02

00

Water resistant.....................................

Other:

Bib and brace overalls:

doz............
kg

Free1/

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

6204.63.03

Other......................................................

..................

14.9%1/

60%

65%

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

25

50

Insulated, for cold weather
protection (659).............................

Other:

Women's (659)........................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (237).......................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
62-74

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.63
(con.)

6204.63.08

6204.63.09

6204.63.11

10

20

10

90

10

25

30

32

35

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers: (con.)

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair.......

..................

13.6%1/

Women's (448)..............................

Girls' (448)......................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

Water resistant trousers or
breeches.........................................

..................

7.1%1/

Ski/snowboard pants (648)....

Other (648)..............................

Other...............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

28.6%1/

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers and breeches:

Women's (648).................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (648)................

Shorts:

Women's (648).................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (648)................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-75

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.63
(con.)

6204.63.50

00

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers: (con.)

Other:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of
down and waterfowl plumage and of which
down comprises 35 percent or more by weight;
containing 10 percent or more by weight of
down....................................................................

6204.63.55

00

Water resistant (659)...........................

Other:

Bib and brace overalls:

doz............
kg

Free1/

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

60%

65%

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6204.63.60

Other......................................................

..................

14.9%1/

05

10

25

50

Insulated, for cold weather
protection (659).............................

Other:

Women's (659)........................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (237).......................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6204.63.65

00

Certified hand-loomed and folklore
products (648).............................................

doz............
kg

11.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-76

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.63
(con.)

6204.63.70

10

20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair.......

..................

13.6%1/

Women's (448)..............................

Girls' (448)......................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-77

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of synthetic fibers: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Water resistant trousers or
breeches (648)..............................

..................

7.1%1/

Ski/snowboard pants (648)....

Other (648)..............................

Other...............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

28.6%1/

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers and breeches:

Women's:

Designed for use in
hospitals, clinics,
laboratories or
contaminated areas
(648)...........................

Other (648)................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (648)................

Shorts:

Women's (648).................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)...........

Other (648)................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.63
(con.)

6204.63.75

6204.63.90

10

90

09

11

25

30

32

35

40

XI
62-78

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

6204.69

Of other textile materials:

Recreational performance outerwear:

Of artificial fibers:

6204.69.01

Bib and brace overalls................................

..................

13.6%1/

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

25

50

Insulated, for cold weather protection
(659)......................................................

Other:

Women's (659)..............................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-79

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Of artificial fibers: (con.)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair.......

..................

13.6%1/

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

28.6%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers and breeches:

Women's (448)........................

Girls' (448)...............................

Shorts (448)...................................

Other......................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg
..................

Trousers and breeches:

Women's (648)........................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (648).......................

Shorts:

Women's (648)........................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (648).......................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.69
(con.)

6204.69.02

6204.69.03

10

20

30

10

20

30

40

50

60

XI
62-80

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.69
(con.)

6204.69.04

6204.69.05

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

70

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Of silk or silk waste:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste......................................

..................

1.1%1/

Trousers, breeches and shorts
(748)......................................................

Bib and brace overalls (759)...............

Other.............................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

7.1%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:
Subject to cotton restraints
(348)................................................

Subject to wool restraints (448)....

Subject to man-made fiber
restraints (648)..............................

Other:

Trousers and breeches
(847).........................................

Shorts (847)............................

Bib and brace overalls (859)...............

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-81

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Other...................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Subject to cotton restraints (348).......

Subject to wool restraints (448)..........

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(648)......................................................

Other:

Trousers and breeches (847)......

Shorts (847)...................................

Bib and brace overalls (859).....................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Other:

Of artificial fibers:

Bib and brace overalls................................

..................

13.6%1/

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Insulated, for cold weather protection
(659)......................................................

Other:

Women's (659)..............................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (237)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.69
(con.)

6204.69.06

10

20

30

44

46

50

05

10

25

50

6204.69.15

XI
62-82

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.69
(con.)

6204.69.22

6204.69.28

10

20

30

10

20

30

40

50

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of artificial fibers: (con.)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Containing 36 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair.......

..................

13.6%1/

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

28.6%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers and breeches:

Women's (448)........................

Girls' (448)...............................

Shorts (448)...................................

Other......................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg
..................

Trousers and breeches:

Women's (648)........................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (648).......................

Shorts:

Women's (648)........................

Girls':

Imported as parts of
playsuits (237)..................

Other (648).......................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-83

2

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of silk or silk waste:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste......................................

..................

1.1%1/

Trousers, breeches and shorts
(748)......................................................

Bib and brace overalls (759)...............

Other.............................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

7.1%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:
Subject to cotton restraints
(348)................................................

Subject to wool restraints (448)....

Subject to man-made fiber
restraints (648)..............................

Other:

Trousers and breeches
(847).........................................

Shorts (847)............................

Bib and brace overalls (859)...............

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.69
(con.)

6204.69.45

6204.69.65

10

20

10

20

30

40

50

70

XI
62-84

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6204 (con.)

6204.69
(con.)

6204.69.80

10

20

30

44

46

50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear): (con.)

Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts:
(con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other...................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Subject to cotton restraints (348).......

Subject to wool restraints (448)..........

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(648)......................................................

Other:

Trousers and breeches (847)......

Shorts (847)...................................

Bib and brace overalls (859).....................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

6205
6205.20
6205.20.10

Men's or boys' shirts:

Of cotton:

00

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products (340)......

doz............
kg

8.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6205 (con.)
6205.20
(con.)
6205.20.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Men's or boys' shirts: (con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-85

2

Other.................................................................................

..................

19.7%1/

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

16

21

26

31

Containing compact yarns described in statistical
reporting number 5205.42.0021, 5205.43.0021,
5205.44.0021, 5205.46.0021 or 5205.47.0021
(340)...........................................................................

Dress shirts:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or the
filling:

Men's (340)..................................................

Boys' (340)...................................................

Other:

Men's (340)..................................................

Boys' (340)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
62-86

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6205 (con.)
6205.20
(con.)
6205.20.20
(con.)

36

41

44

47

51

56

61

63

67

71

76

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' shirts: (con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other (con.)

Other:

Corduroy:

Men's (340)..................................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of playsuits (237)...

Other (340)...........................................

Other:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
the filling:

Napped (340).......................................

Other:

Men's (340)....................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237).........................................

Other (340)..............................

Other:

Men's:

Designed for use in hospitals,
clinics, laboratories or
contaminated areas (340)............

Other (340).....................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237)................................................

Other (340).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-87

2

6205 (con.)
6205.30
6205.30.10

Men's or boys' shirts: (con.)
Of man-made fibers:

00

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products (640)......

doz............
kg

12.2%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-88

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6205 (con.)
6205.30
(con.)

6205.30.15

Men's or boys' shirts: (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Other:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

49.6¢/kg +
19.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +

45%

29.1¢/kg +
25.9%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

30.9¢/kg +

76%

10

20

Men's (440)........................................................

Boys' (440).........................................................

6205.30.20

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

10

20

30

40

50

55

60

71

73

75

80

Dress:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
the filling:

Men's (640)...........................................

Boys' (640)............................................

Other:

Men's (640)...........................................

Boys' (640)............................................

Other:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
the filling:

Men's (640)...........................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237)................................................

Other (640).....................................

Other:

Men's:

Designed for use in hospitals,
clinics, laboratories or
contaminated areas (640)............

Other (640).....................................

Boys':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237)................................................

Other (640).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-89

2

6205 (con.)
6205.90

Men's or boys' shirts: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

6205.90.05

00

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products
(440)...........................................................................

doz............
kg

9.2%1/

6205.90.07

Other..........................................................................

..................

17.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

52.9¢/kg +

45%

10

20

Men's (440)........................................................

Boys' (440).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Of silk or silk waste:

6205.90.10

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (740).........................................................

doz............
kg

1.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6205.90.30

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

10

20

30

50

Subject to cotton restraints (340)....................

Subject to wool restraints (440).......................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (640).....

Other (840).........................................................

6205.90.40

Other.................................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

2.8%1/

10

20

30

40

Subject to cotton restraints (340)...........................

Subject to wool restraints (440)..............................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (640)...........

Other (840)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-90

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6206
6206.10.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses:

Of silk or silk waste................................................................

..................

6.9%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

Subject to cotton restraints (341)..................................

Subject to wool restraints (440).....................................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (641).................

Other:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (741).........................................................

Other (840)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6206.20
6206.20.10

00

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products (440)......

doz............
kg

8.5%1/

Other:

6206.20.20

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

6206.20.30

10

20

10

20

Women's (440)...................................................

Girls' (440)..........................................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

17%1/

Women's (440)...................................................

Girls' (440)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

82.7¢/kg +
58.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-91

2

6206 (con.)
6206.30
6206.30.10

Women's or girls' blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses: (con.)

Of cotton:

00

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products (341)......

Other:

6206.30.20

00

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of flax
fibers (341)................................................................

doz............
kg

9%1/

doz............
kg

3.5%1/

6206.30.30

Other..........................................................................

..................

15.4%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

11

21

31

43

45

51

61

Containing compact yarns described in
statistical reporting numbers 5205.42.0021,
5205.43.0021, 5205.44.0021,5205.46.0021or
5205.47.0021 (341)...........................................

Other:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
the filling:

Women's (341).....................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237)................................................

Other (341).....................................

Other:

Women's:

Designed for use in hospitals,
clinics, laboratories or
contaminated areas (341)............

Other (341).....................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits
(237)................................................

Other (341).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-92

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6206 (con.)
6206.40
6206.40.10

Women's or girls' blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses: (con.)

Of man-made fibers:

00

Certified hand-loomed and folklore products (641)......

Other:

6206.40.20

00

Containing 30 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (641).........................................................

doz............
kg

11.3%1/

doz............
kg

4%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6206.40.25

Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool
or fine animal hair.....................................................

..................

56.3¢/kg +
14.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

82.7¢/kg +
58.5%

10

20

Women's (440)...................................................

Girls' (440)..........................................................

6206.40.30

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

26.9%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

25

33

35

40

50

With two or more colors in the warp and/or the
filling:

Women's (641)............................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits (237)...

Other (641)...........................................

Other:

Women's:

Designed for use in hospitals, clinics,
laboratories or contaminated areas
(641)......................................................

Other (641)...........................................

Girls':

Imported as parts of playsuits (237)...

Other (641)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6206 (con.)
6206.90.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-93

2

Women's or girls' blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses: (con.)

Of other textile materials.......................................................

..................

6.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

Subject to cotton restraints (341)..................................

Subject to wool restraints (440).....................................

Subject to man-made fiber restraints (641).................

Other (840).......................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6207

Men's or boys' singlets and other undershirts, underpants,
briefs, nightshirts, pajamas, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles:

Underpants and briefs:

6207.11.00

00

Of cotton (352).................................................................

doz............
kg

6.1%1/

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6207.19
6207.19.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (752).........................................................

doz............
kg

1.7%1/

6207.19.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

10.5%1/

10

30

Of man-made fibers (652)................................

Other (852).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-94

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6207 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' singlets and other undershirts, underpants,
briefs, nightshirts, pajamas, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles: (con.)

Nightshirts and pajamas:

6207.21.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

8.9%1/

With two or more colors in the warp and/or the
filling:

Men's (351)........................................................

Boys' (351).........................................................

Other:

Men's (351)........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Boys' (351).........................................................

10

20

30

40

6207.22.00

00

Of man-made fibers (651)..............................................

6207.29
6207.29.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (751).........................................................

doz.
kg
doz............
kg

16%1/

doz............
kg

1.1%1/

6207.29.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

10

30

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)......................

Other (851).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-95

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6207 (con.)

6207.91
6207.91.10

00

Men's or boys' singlets and other undershirts, underpants,
briefs, nightshirts, pajamas, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles: (con.)

Other:

Of cotton:

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles
(350)...........................................................................

doz............
kg

8.4%1/

6207.91.30

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.1%1/

10

20

6207.99

6207.99.20

00

Sleepwear (351)................................................

Other (352).........................................................

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair:

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles
(459)....................................................................

6207.99.40

00

Other (459).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

8.5%1/

doz............
kg

6.1%1/

6207.99.70

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

..................

1.1%1/

10

20

30

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles
(750)....................................................................

Sleepwear (751)................................................

Other (752).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

90%

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

58.5%

52%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-96

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6207 (con.)

6207.99
(con.)

6207.99.75

6207.99.85

6207.99.90

10

20

10

20

10

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Men's or boys' singlets and other undershirts, underpants,
briefs, nightshirts, pajamas, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Of other textile materials: (con.)

Of man-made fibers:

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar
articles.................................................................

..................

14.9%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (650)..................................................

Other...................................................................

Sleepwear (651)..........................................

Other (652)..................................................

Other..........................................................................

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles
(850)....................................................................

Other (852).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

10.5%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

7.1%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6208

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-97

2

Women's or girls' singlets and other undershirts, slips,
petticoats, briefs, panties, nightdresses, pajamas, negligees,
bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles:

Slips and petticoats:

6208.11.00

00

Of man-made fibers (652)..............................................

6208.19
6208.19.20

00

Of other textile materials:

Of cotton (352)..........................................................

6208.19.50

00

Containing 70 percent of more by weight of silk or
silk waste (752).........................................................

6208.19.90

00

Other (852)................................................................

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

11.2%1/

doz............
kg

1.4%1/

doz............
kg

8.7%1/

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-98

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6208 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' singlets and other undershirts, slips,
petticoats, briefs, panties, nightdresses, pajamas, negligees,
bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles: (con.)

Nightdresses and pajamas:

6208.21.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

8.9%1/

10

20

30

With two or more colors in the warp and/or the
filling (351).................................................................

Other:

Women's (351)...................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Girls' (351)..........................................................

6208.22.00

00

Of man-made fibers (651)..............................................

6208.29
6208.29.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (751).........................................................

doz.
kg
doz............
kg

16%1/

doz............
kg

1.1%1/

6208.29.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

10

30

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)......................

Other (851).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-99

2

Women's or girls' singlets and other undershirts, slips,
petticoats, briefs, panties, nightdresses, pajamas, negligees,
bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles: (con.)

Other:

Of cotton:

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles....

..................

7.5%1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6208 (con.)

6208.91
6208.91.10

6208.91.30

10

20

10

20

Women's (350)...................................................

Girls' (350)..........................................................

Other..........................................................................

Women's (352)...................................................

Girls' (352)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

11.2%1/

16%1/

6208.92.00

Of man-made fibers........................................................

10

20

30

40

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles:

Women's (650)...................................................

Girls' (650)..........................................................

Other:

Women's (652)...................................................

Girls' (652)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-100

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6208 (con.)

6208.99
6208.99.20

6208.99.30

6208.99.50

6208.99.80

10

20

10

20

10

20

10

20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Women's or girls' singlets and other undershirts, slips,
petticoats, briefs, panties, nightdresses, pajamas, negligees,
bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of wool or fine animal hair.......................................

..................

8.5%1/

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles
(459)....................................................................

Other (459).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Of silk or silk waste:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

..................

1.1%1/

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar
articles (750)................................................

Other (752)..................................................

Other...................................................................

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar
articles (850)................................................

Other (852)..................................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

7.1%1/

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

2.8%1/

Bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles
(850)....................................................................

Other (852).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-101

2

6209
6209.20
6209.20.10

Babies' garments and clothing accessories:

Of cotton:

00

Dresses (239)..................................................................

6209.20.20

00

Blouses and shirts, except those imported as parts of
sets (239).........................................................................

Other:

6209.20.30

00

Trousers, breeches and shorts, except those
imported as parts of sets (239)...............................

doz............
kg

11.8%1/

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

6209.20.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

9.3%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

30

35

45

50

Sunsuits, washsuits and similar apparel
(239)....................................................................

Sets (239)...........................................................

Other:

Imported as parts of sets (239).................

Other (239)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-102

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6209 (con.)
6209.30
6209.30.10

00

Babies' garments and clothing accessories: (con.)

Of synthetic fibers:

Blouses and shirts, except those imported as parts of
sets (239).........................................................................

doz............
kg

22%1/

doz............
kg

28.6%1/

90%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6209.30.20

00

Trousers, breeches and shorts, except those imported
as parts of sets (239)......................................................

6209.30.30

Other.................................................................................

..................

16%1/

10

20

30

40

Sunsuits, washsuits and similar apparel (239)......

Sets (239)..................................................................

Other:

Imported as parts of sets (239)........................

Other (239).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-103

2

6209 (con.)
6209.90
6209.90.05

Babies' garments and clothing accessories: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (439)...................................

doz............
kg

31.8¢/kg +
14.4%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

46.3¢/kg +
58.5%

Of artificial fibers:

6209.90.10

00

Blouses and shirts, except those imported as parts
of sets (239)..............................................................

6209.90.20

00

Trousers, breeches and shorts, except those
imported as parts of sets (239)...............................

doz............
kg

22%1/

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

6209.90.30

Other..........................................................................

..................

14.9%1/

90%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

15

20

30

40

Sunsuits, washsuits and similar apparel
(239)....................................................................

Blanket sleepers (239)......................................

Sets (239)...........................................................

Other:

Imported as parts of sets (239).................

Other (239)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6209.90.50

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

6209.90.90

00

Other (839).......................................................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

doz............
kg

2.8%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-104

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6210

6210.10
6210.10.20

00

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906 or 5907:

Of fabrics of heading 5602 or 5603:

Of fabrics formed on a base of paper or covered or
lined with paper...............................................................

6210.10.50

10

90

Other:

Nonwoven disposable apparel designed for use
in hospitals, clinics, laboratories or contaminated
areas..........................................................................
Surgical or isolation gowns3/.............................

Other3/.................................................................

6210.10.70

00

Disposable briefs and panties designed for
one-time use.......................................................

Other:

doz............
kg

2.8%

26.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

..................

Free1/

76%

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

8.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6210.10.90

Other...................................................................

..................

16%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

40

Overalls and coveralls (659)......................

Other (659)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6210 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906 or 5907: (con.)

XI
62-105

2

6210.20

Other garments, of the type described in heading 6201:

6210.20.30

00

Of man-made fibers:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered, or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the underlying
fabric..........................................................................

doz............
kg

3.8%

6210.20.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

65%

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

29

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar
garments (634)...................................................

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind breakers
and similar articles:

Recreational performance outerwear
(634).............................................................

Other (634)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-106

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6210 (con.)

6210.20
(con.)

6210.20.70

00

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906 or 5907: (con.)

Other garments, of the type described in heading 6201:
(con.)

Other:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered, or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the underlying
fabric..........................................................................

doz............
kg

3.3%

6210.20.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.2%1/

10

20

30

39

40

49

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar
garments:

Of linen (834)...............................................

Other (334)..................................................

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind breakers
and similar articles:

Recreational performance outerwear:

Having a fiber content of 70 percent
or more by weight of silk or silk waste
(734)......................................................

Other (334)...........................................

Other:

Having a fiber content of 70 percent
or more by weight of silk or silk waste
(734)......................................................

Other (334)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6210 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906 or 5907: (con.)

XI
62-107

2

6210.30

Other garments, of the type described in heading 6202:

6210.30.30

00

Of man-made fibers:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered, or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscure the underlying
fabric..........................................................................

doz............
kg

3.8%

6210.30.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

65%

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

29

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar
garments (635)...................................................

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind breakers
and similar articles:

Recreational performance outerwear
(635).............................................................

Other (635)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-108

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6210 (con.)

6210.30
(con.)

6210.30.70

00

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906 or 5907: (con.)

Other garments, of the type described in heading 6202:
(con.)

Other:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered, or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the underlying
fabric..........................................................................

doz............
kg

3.3%1/

6210.30.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.2%1/

10

20

30

39

40

49

Overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks and similar
garments:

Of linen (835)...............................................

Other (335)..................................................

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind breakers
and similar articles:

Recreational performance outerwear:

Having a fiber content of 70 percent
or more by weight of silk or silk waste
(735)......................................................

Other (335)...........................................

Other:

Having a fiber content of 70 percent
or more by weight of silk or silk waste
(735)......................................................

Other (335)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6210 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906 or 5907: (con.)

XI
62-109

2

6210.40

Other men's or boys' garments:

Recreational performance outerwear:

Of man-made fibers:

6210.40.15

00

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
cover or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the
underlying fabric................................................

doz............
kg

3.8%1/

6210.40.25

Other...................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

31

39

40

50

6210.40.28

00

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Ski/snowboard pants (647).................

Other (647)...........................................

Overalls and coveralls (659)......................

Other (659)..................................................

Other:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the
underlying fabric................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

3.3%1/

6210.40.29

Other...................................................................

..................

6.2%1/

17

18

19

33

45

60

Having a fiber content of 70 percent or
more by weight of silk or silk waste:
Trousers, breeches and shorts
(747)......................................................

Overalls and coveralls (759)...............

Other (759)...........................................

Other:

Trousers, breeches and shorts
(347)......................................................

Overalls and coveralls (359)...............

Other (359)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

65%

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-110

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6210 (con.)

6210.40
(con.)

6210.40.35

00

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906 or 5907: (con.)

Other men's or boys' garments: (con.)

Other:

Of man-made fibers:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the
underlying fabric................................................

doz............
kg

3.8%

6210.40.55

Other ..................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

31

39

40

50

6210.40.75

00

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Ski/snowboard pants (647).................

Other (647)...........................................

Overalls and coveralls (659)......................

Other (659)..................................................

Other:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the
underlying fabric................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

3.3%1/

6210.40.80

Other...................................................................

..................

6.2%1/

17

18

19

33

45

60

Having a fiber content of 70 percent or
more by weight of silk or silk waste:
Trousers, breeches and shorts
(747)......................................................

Overalls and coveralls (759)...............

Other (759)...........................................

Other:

Trousers, breeches and shorts
(347)......................................................

Overalls and coveralls (359)...............

Other (359)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

65%

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6210 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906 or 5907: (con.)

XI
62-111

2

6210.50

Other women's or girls' garments:

Recreational performance outerwear:

Of man-made fibers:

6210.50.03

00

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the
underlying fabric................................................

doz............
kg

3.8%

6210.50.05

Other ..................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

31

39

40

55

6210.50.12

00

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Ski/snowboard pants (648).................

Other (648)...........................................

Overalls and coveralls (659)......................

Other (659)..................................................

Other:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the
underlying fabric................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

3.3%

6210.50.22

Other...................................................................

..................

6.2%1/

20

30

40

60

70

90

Having a fiber content of 70 percent or
more by weight of silk or silk waste:
Trousers, breeches and shorts
(748)......................................................

Overalls and coveralls (759)...............

Other (759)...........................................

Other:

Trousers, breeches and shorts
(348)......................................................

Overalls and coveralls (359)...............

Other (359)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

65%

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-112

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6210 (con.)

6210.50
(con.)

6210.50.35

00

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906 or 5907: (con.)

Other women's or girls' garments: (con.)

Other:

Of man-made fibers:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the
underlying fabric................................................

doz............
kg

3.8%

6210.50.55

Other...................................................................

..................

7.1%1/

31

39

40

55

6210.50.75

00

Trousers, breeches and shorts:

Ski/snowboard pants (648).................

Other (648)...........................................

Overalls and coveralls (659)......................

Other (659)..................................................

Other:

Having an outer surface impregnated, coated,
covered or laminated with rubber or plastics
material which completely obscures the
underlying fabric................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

3.3%1/

6210.50.80

Other...................................................................

..................

6.2%1/

20

30

40

60

70

90

Having a fiber content of 70 percent or
more by weight of silk or silk waste:
Trousers, breeches and shorts
(748)......................................................

Overalls and coveralls (759)...............

Other (759)...........................................

Other:

Trousers, breeches and shorts
(348)......................................................

Overalls and coveralls (359)...............

Other (359)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

65%

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

6211

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-113

2

6211.11
6211.11.10

Swimwear:

Men's or boys':

Of man-made fibers.................................................

..................

27.8%1/

10

20

Men's (659)........................................................

Boys' (659).........................................................

6211.11.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (759).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

4%1/

6211.11.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.5%1/

6211.12
6211.12.10

10

20

40

10

20

Of cotton:

Men's (359)..................................................

Boys' (359)...................................................

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Women's or girls':

Of man-made fibers.................................................

..................

11.8%1/

Women's (659)...................................................

Girls' (659)..........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6211.12.40

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste (759).........................................................

doz............
kg

1.2%1/

6211.12.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.5%1/

10

20

30

Of cotton:

Women's (359)............................................

Girls' (359)...................................................

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-114

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6211 (con.)
6211.20

6211.20.04

10

20

30

40

10

20

6211.20.08

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

Ski-suits:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and
waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35
percent or more by weight; containing 10 percent or
more by weight of down:

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), windbreakers and
similar articles (including padded, sleeveless
jackets) imported as parts of suits..........................

..................

0.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Men's or boys':

Of cotton (353)............................................

Other (653)..................................................

Women's or girls':

Of cotton (354)............................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other (654)..................................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg
..................

4.4%1/

Men's or boys'....................................................

Women's or girls'................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6211 (con.)
6211.20
(con.)

6211.20.15

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-115

2

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

Ski-suits: (con.)

Other:

Water resistant..........................................................

..................

7.1%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Men's or boys':

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind-
breakers and similar articles (including
padded, sleeveless jackets) imported as
parts of ski-suits:

Of cotton (334).....................................

Other (634)...........................................

Trousers and breeches imported as parts
of ski-suits:

Of cotton (347).....................................

Other (647)...........................................

Other:

Of cotton (359).....................................

Other (659)...........................................

Women's or girls':

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind-
breakers and similar articles (including
padded, sleeveless jackets) imported as
parts of ski-suits:

Of cotton (335).....................................

Other (635)...........................................

Trousers and breeches imported as parts
of ski-suits:

Of cotton (348).....................................

Other (648)...........................................

Other:

Of cotton (359).....................................

Other (659)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

55

60

65

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

XI
62-116

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6211 (con.)
6211.20
(con.)

6211.20.24

00

Ski-suits: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Men's or boys'

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind-
breakers and similar articles (including
padded, sleeveless jackets) imported as
parts of ski-suits:

Of wool or fine animal hair (434)........

doz............
kg

17.5%1/

6211.20.28

Other......................................................

..................

27.7%1/

10

20

30

6211.20.34

00

Of cotton (334)...............................

Of man-made fibers (634)............

Other (834).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Trousers and breeches imported as parts
of ski-suits:

Of wool or fine animal hair (447)........

doz............
kg

17.5%1/

6211.20.38

Other......................................................

..................

28.1%1/

10

20

30

Of cotton (347)...............................

Of man-made fibers (647)............

Other (847).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6211 (con.)
6211.20
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

XI
62-117

2

Ski-suits: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Men's or boys' (con.)

Other:

6211.20.44

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)........

doz............
kg

14%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6211.20.48

Other......................................................

..................

14.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

15

35

60

6211.20.54

00

Of cotton (359)...............................

Of man-made fibers (659)............

Other (859).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Women's or girls':

Anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind
breakers and similar articles (including
padded, sleeveless jackets) imported as
parts of ski-suits:

Of wool or fine animal hair (435)........

doz............
kg

17.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6211.20.58

Other......................................................

..................

28%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

Of cotton (335)...............................

Of man-made fibers (635)............

Other (835).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
62-118

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6211 (con.)
6211.20
(con.)

6211.20.64

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

Ski-suits: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Women's or girls': (con.)

Trousers and breeches imported as parts
of ski-suits:

Of wool or fine animal hair (448)........

doz............
kg

17.5%1/

6211.20.68

Other......................................................

..................

28.6%1/

10

20

30

Of cotton (348)...............................

Of man-made fibers (648)............

Other (847).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6211.20.74

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)........

Other:

doz............
kg

14%1/

6211.20.78

Other......................................................

..................

14.9%1/

10

20

30

Of cotton (359)...............................

Of man-made fibers (659)............

Other (859).....................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

76%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

XI
62-119

2

6211.32
6211.32.50

Other garments, men's or boys':

Of cotton:

Recreational performance outerwear.....................

..................

8.1%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

07

10

15

25

30

40

50

60

70

75

81

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight
of down and waterfowl plumage and of
which down comprises 35 percent or more
by weight; containing 10 percent or more
by weight of down.......................................

Other, insulated for cold weather
protection (359)...........................................

Other:

Men's (359)...........................................

Boys':

Sizes 2-7 (237)..............................

Other (359).....................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece piece playsuits
and similar apparel for boys (237)...................

Track suits:

Trousers (347).............................................

Other (334)..................................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205 (340)......

Vests (359).........................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments excluded
from heading 6201 (334)..................................

Other (359).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-120

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.32
(con.)
6211.32.90

Other garments, men's or boys': (con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.1%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

07

10

15

25

30

40

50

60

70

75

81

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight
of down and waterfowl plumage and of
which down comprises 35 percent or more
by weight; containing 10 percent or more
by weight of down.......................................

Other, insulated for cold weather
protection (359)...........................................

Other:

Men's (359)...........................................

Boys':

Sizes 2-7 (237)..............................

Other (359).....................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece piece playsuits
and similar apparel for boys (237)...................

Track suits:

Trousers (347).............................................

Other (334)..................................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205 (340)......

Vests (359).........................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments excluded
from heading 6201 (334)..................................

Other (359).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

XI
62-121

2

6211.33
6211.33.50

Other garments, men's or boys': (con.)

Of man-made fibers:

Recreational performance outerwear.....................

..................

16%1/

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

07

10

15

17

25

30

35

40

52

54

58

61

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight
of down and waterfowl plumage and of
which down comprises 35 percent or more
by weight; containing 10 percent or more
by weight of down.......................................

Other, insulated for cold weather
protection (659)...........................................

Other:

Men's (659)...........................................

Boys':

Sizes 2-7 (237)..............................

Other (659).....................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits and
similar apparel for boys (237)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (647).............................................

Other (634)..................................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205 (640)......

Vests:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (659)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments excluded
from heading 6201 (634)..................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-122

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.33
(con.)
6211.33.90

Other garments, men's or boys': (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

16%1/

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

07

10

15

17

25

30

35

42

44

52

54

58

61

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight
of down and waterfowl plumage and of
which down comprises 35 percent or more
by weight; containing 10 percent or more
by weight of down.......................................

Other, insulated for cold weather
protection (659)...........................................

Other:

Men's (659)...........................................

Boys':

Sizes 2-7 (237)..............................

Other (659).....................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits and
similar apparel for boys (237)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (647).............................................

Other (634)..................................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205:

Designed for use in hospitals, clinics,
laboratories or contaminated areas
(640).............................................................

Other (640)..................................................

Vests:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (659)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments excluded
from heading 6201 (634)..................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-123

2

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.39

Of other textile materials:

Other garments, men's or boys': (con.)

Recreational performance outwear:

6211.39.03

Of wool or fine animal hair................................

..................

12%1/

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6211.39.07

10

20

30

40

45

51

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

90

Tracksuits:

Trousers (447)......................................

Other (434)...........................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205
(440).............................................................

Vests (459)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6201 (434)...........

Other (459)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

..................

0.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel
(759).............................................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits
and similar apparel (759)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (747)......................................

Other (734)...........................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205
(740).............................................................

Vests (759)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6201 (734)...........

Other (759)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-124

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.39
(con.)

6211.39.15

Other garments, men's or boys': (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Recreational performance outwear: (con.)

Other...................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PE, S,
SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

90

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel
(859).............................................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits
and similar apparel (859)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (847)......................................

Other (834)...........................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205
(840).............................................................

Vests (859)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6201 (834)...........

Other (859)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

XI
62-125

2

6211.39
(con.)

6211.39.30

Other garments, men's or boys': (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other:

Of wool or fine animal hair................................

..................

12%1/

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6211.39.60

10

20

30

40

45

51

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

90

Track suits:

Trousers (447)......................................

Other (434)...........................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205
(440).............................................................

Vests (459)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6201 (434)...........

Other (459)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

..................

0.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel
(759).............................................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits
and similar apparel (759)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (747)......................................

Other (734)...........................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205
(740).............................................................

Vests (759)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6201 (734)...........

Other (759)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-126

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.39
(con.)

6211.39.80

Other garments, men's or boys': (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other...................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PE, S,
SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

90

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel
(859).............................................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits
and similar apparel (859)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (847)......................................

Other (834)...........................................

Shirts excluded from heading 6205
(840).............................................................

Vests (859)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6201 (834)...........

Other (859)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

XI
62-127

2

6211.42
6211.42.05

Other garments, women's or girls':

Of cotton:

Recreational performance outerwear.....................

..................

8.1%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

07

10

20

25

30

40

54

56

60

70

75

81

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight
of down and waterfowl plumage and of
which down comprises 35 percent or more
weight; containing 10 percent or more by
weight of down............................................

Other, insulated for cold weather
protection (359)...........................................

Other:

Women's (359).....................................

Girls' (237)............................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits and
similar apparel (237).........................................

Track suits:

Trousers (348).............................................

Other (335)..................................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses, sleeveless
tank styles and similar upper body garments,
excluded from heading 6206:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
filling (341)...................................................

Other (341)..................................................

Jumpers (359)....................................................

Vests (359).........................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments excluded
from heading 6202 (335)..................................

Other (359).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-128

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.42
(con.)
6211.42.10

Other garments, women's or girls': (con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.1%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

07

10

20

25

30

40

54

56

60

70

75

82

88

92

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight
of down and waterfowl plumage and of
which down comprises 35 percent or more
weight; containing 10 percent or more by
weight of down............................................

Other, insulated for cold weather
protection (359)...........................................

Other:

Women's (359).....................................

Girls' (237)............................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits and
similar apparel (237).........................................

Track suits:

Trousers (348).............................................

Other (335)..................................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses, sleeveless
tank styles and similar upper body garments,
excluded from heading 6206:

With two or more colors in the warp and/or
filling (341)...................................................

Other (341)..................................................

Jumpers (359)....................................................

Vests (359).........................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments excluded
from heading 6202 (335)..................................

Apparel designed for use in hospitals, clinics,
laboratories or contaminated areas:

Surgical or isolation gowns (359)..............

Other (359)..................................................

Other (359).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-129

2

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.43
6211.43.05

Other garments, women's or girls': (con.)

Of man-made fibers:

Recreational performance outerwear.....................

..................

16%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

07

10

20

30

40

50

60

64

66

74

76

78

91

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight
of down and waterfowl plumage and of
which down comprises 35 percent or more
weight; containing 10 percent or more by
weight of down............................................

Other, insulated for cold weather
protection (659)...........................................

Other:

Women's (659).....................................

Girls' (237)............................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits and
similar apparel....................................................

Track suits:

Trousers (648).............................................

Other (659)..................................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses, sleeveless
tank styles and similar upper body garments,
excluded from heading 6206 (641)..................

Jumpers:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (659)..................................................

Vests:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (659)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments excluded
from heading 6202 (635)..................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-130

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.43
(con.)
6211.43.10

Other garments, women's or girls': (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

16%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

07

10

20

30

40

50

59

62

64

66

74

76

78

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel:

Containing 15 percent or more by weight
of down and waterfowl plumage and of
which down comprises 35 percent or more
weight; containing 10 percent or more by
weight of down............................................

Other, insulated for cold weather
protection (659)...........................................

Other:

Women's (659).....................................

Girls' (237)............................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits and
similar apparel (237).........................................

Track suits:

Trousers (648).............................................

Other (659)..................................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses, sleeveless
tank styles and similar upper body garments,
excluded from heading 6206:

Designed for use in hospitals, clinics,
laboratories or contaminated areas
(641).............................................................

Other (641)..................................................

Jumpers:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (659)..................................................

Vests:

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (459)................

Other (659)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments excluded
from heading 6202 (635)..................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

XI
62-131

2

6211.43
(con.)
6211.43.10
(con.)

Other garments, women's or girls': (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Other (con.)

82

88

92

Apparel designed for use in hospitals, clinics,
laboratories or contaminated areas:

Surgical or isolation gowns (659)..............

Other (659)..................................................

Other (659).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

6211.49

Of other textile materials:

6211.49.03

Recreational performance outerwear:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

..................

1.2%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar
apparel:........................................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits
and similar apparel (759)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (748)......................................

Other (735)...........................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses,
sleeveless tank styles and similar upper
body garments, excluded from heading
6206..............................................................

Jumpers (759).............................................

Vests (759)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6202 (735)...........

Other (759)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-132

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.49
(con.)

6211.49.15

Other garments, women's or girls': (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Of wool or fine animal hair................................

..................

12%1/

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

55

61

Track suits:

Trousers (448)......................................

Other (435)...........................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses,
sleeveless tank styles and similar upper
body garments, excluded from heading
6206 (440)...................................................

Jumpers (459).............................................

Vests (459)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6202 (435)...........

Other (459)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

XI
62-133

2

6211.49
(con.)

6211.49.25

Other garments, women's or girls': (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Recreational performance outerwear: (con.)

Other...................................................................

..................

7.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel
(859).............................................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits
and similar apparel (859)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (847)......................................

Other (835)...........................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses,
sleeveless tank styles and similar upper
body garments, excluded from heading
6206 (840)...................................................

Jumpers (859).............................................

Vests (859)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6202 (835)...........

Other (859)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-134

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.49
(con.)

6211.49.50

Other garments, women's or girls': (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

..................

1.2%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar
apparel:........................................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits
and similar apparel (759)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (748)......................................

Other (735)...........................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses,
sleeveless tank styles and similar upper
body garments, excluded from heading
6206..............................................................

Jumpers (759).............................................

Vests (759)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6202 (735)...........

Other (759)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

XI
62-135

2

6211.49
(con.)

6211.49.60

Other garments, women's or girls': (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of wool or fine animal hair................................

..................

12%1/

58.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

55

61

Track suits:

Trousers (448)......................................

Other (435)...........................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses,
sleeveless tank styles and similar upper
body garments, excluded from heading
6206 (440)...................................................

Jumpers (459).............................................

Vests (459)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6202 (435)...........

Other (459)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-136

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6211 (con.)

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments: (con.)

6211.49
(con.)

6211.49.80

Other garments, women's or girls': (con.)
Of other textile materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other...................................................................

..................

7.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

Coveralls, jumpsuits and similar apparel
(859).............................................................

Washsuits, sunsuits, one-piece playsuits
and similar apparel (859)...........................

Track suits:

Trousers (847)......................................

Other (835)...........................................

Blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses,
sleeveless tank styles and similar upper
body garments, excluded from heading
6206 (840)...................................................

Jumpers (859).............................................

Vests (859)..................................................

Jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6202 (835)...........

Other (859)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6212

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Brassieres, girdles, corsets, braces, suspenders, garters and
similar articles and parts thereof, whether or not knitted or
crocheted:

XI
62-137

2

6212.10

Brassieres:

6212.10.30

00

Containing lace, net or embroidery:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

doz............
kg

4.8%1/

6212.10.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

16.9%1/

10

20

30

Of cotton (349)...................................................

Of man-made fibers (649)................................

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

6212.10.70

00

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

doz............
kg

2.7%1/

6212.10.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

16.9%1/

10

20

40

Of cotton (349)...................................................

Of man-made fibers (649)................................

Other (859).........................................................

6212.20.00

Girdles and panty-girdles......................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

20%1/

10

20

30

Of cotton (349).................................................................

Of man-made fibers (649)..............................................

Other (859).......................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

75%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

75%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-138

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6212 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Brassieres, girdles, corsets, braces, suspenders, garters and
similar articles and parts thereof, whether or not knitted or
crocheted: (con.)

6212.30.00

Corsets....................................................................................

..................

23.5%1/

10

20

30

Of cotton (349).................................................................

Of man-made fibers (649)..............................................

Other (859).......................................................................

6212.90.00

Other........................................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

6.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

83.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

50

90

Of cotton or cotton and rubber or plastics (359)..........

Of wool or wool and rubber or plastics (459)...............

Of man-made fibers or man-made fibers and rubber
or plastics (659)...............................................................

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

Other (859).......................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-139

2

6213
6213.20
6213.20.10

Handkerchiefs:

Of cotton:

00

Hemmed, not containing lace or embroidery (330)......

6213.20.20

00

Other (330).......................................................................

6213.90

6213.90.05

00

Of other textile materials:
Of silk or silk waste:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

6213.90.07

00

Other (859)................................................................

6213.90.10

00

Of man-made fibers (630)..............................................

6213.90.20

00

Other (859).......................................................................

doz............
kg

13.2%

doz............
kg

7.1%1/

doz............
kg

1.1%1/

doz............
kg

3.8%1/

doz............
kg

10.8%

doz............
kg

5.3%1/

58%

75%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

68.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

51.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
62-140

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6214
6214.10
6214.10.10

00

Shawls, scarves, mufflers, mantillas, veils and the like:

Of silk or silk waste:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

6214.10.20

00

Other (859).......................................................................

6214.20.00

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)..........................................

6214.30.00

00

Of synthetic fibers (659)........................................................

6214.40.00

00

Of artificial fibers (659)..........................................................

6214.90.00

Of other textile materials.......................................................

..................

11.3%1/

10

90

Of cotton (359).................................................................

Other (859).......................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz............
kg

1.2%1/

doz............
kg

3.9%1/

doz............
kg

6.7%1/

doz............
kg

5.3%

doz............
kg

5.3%1/

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, NP, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

90%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6215
6215.10.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-141

2

Ties, bow ties and cravats:

Of silk or silk waste................................................................

..................

7.2%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

65%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25

40

90

Containing 50 percent or more by weight (including
any linings and interlinings) of textile materials other
than silk or silk waste (659)............................................

Containing less than 50 percent by weight (including
any linings and interlinings) of textile materials other
than silk or silk waste:

With outer shell containing 70 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste (758).............................

Other (858)................................................................

6215.20.00

00

Of man-made fibers (659).....................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz............
kg

24.8¢/kg +
12.7%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

26.5¢/kg
+65%

6215.90.00

Of other textile materials.......................................................

..................

5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

52%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

15

20

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)...................................

Of cotton (359).................................................................

Other (858).......................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
62-142

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6216.00

Gloves, mittens and mitts:

6216.00.05

00

Ice hockey gloves and field hockey gloves..................

Impregnated, coated or covered with plastics or rubber:

6216.00.08

00

Other gloves, mittens and mitts, all the foregoing
specially designed for use in sports, including ski and
snowmobile gloves, mittens and mitts..........................

Other:

Without fourchettes:

Cut and sewn from pre-existing machine-
woven fabric that is impregnated, coated or
covered with plastics or rubber:

Of vegetable fibers:

Containing over 50 percent by weight
of plastics or rubber.............................

6216.00.13

00

6216.00.17

Other......................................................

..................

23.5%1/

20

30

40

Subject to cotton restraints
(331)................................................

Subject to man-made fiber
restraints (631)..............................

Other (831).....................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

Free1/

doz.
prs.............
kg

0.8%1/

doz.
prs.............
kg

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

12.5%

doz.
prs.............
kg

25%4/

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.5% (E)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-143

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6216.00
(con.)

Article Description

Gloves, mittens and mitts: (con.)

Impregnated, coated or covered with plastics or rubber:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Without fourchettes: (con.)

Cut and sewn from pre-existing machine-
woven fabric that is impregnated, coated or
covered with plastics or rubber: (con.)

Other:

Containing over 50 percent by weight
of plastics or rubber.............................

6216.00.19

00

doz.
prs.............
kg

11.1¢/kg +
5.5%1/

6216.00.21

Other......................................................

..................

20.6¢/kg +
10.3%

6216.00.24

10

20

30

10

25

30

Subject to cotton restraints
(331)................................................

Subject to man-made fiber
restraints (631)..............................

Other (831).....................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

Other:

Containing 50 per cent or more by weight
of cotton, man-made fibers or any
combination thereof....................................

..................

13.2%1/

Subject to cotton restraints (331).......

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(631)......................................................

Other (831)...........................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg
doz.
prs.............
kg

7%1/

6216.00.26

00

Other.............................................................

99.2¢/kg +

65%

99.2¢/kg +

65%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

11.1¢/kg + 4.5% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20.6¢/kg + 8.1% (E)

75%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10.7% (E)

75%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6% (E)

XI
62-144

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6216.00
(con.)

6216.00.29

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Gloves, mittens and mitts: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Impregnated, coated or covered with plastics or rubber:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

With fourchettes:

Containing 50 percent or more by weight of
cotton, man-made fibers or any combi- nation
thereof.................................................................

..................

13%1/

10

25

30

Subject to cotton restraints (331)..............

Subject to man-made fiber restraints
(631).............................................................

Other (831)..................................................

6216.00.31

00

Other...................................................................

Other:

Of cotton:

6216.00.33

00

Ice hockey and field hockey gloves........................

6216.00.35

00

Other gloves, mittens and mitts, all the fore- going
specially designed for use in sports, including ski
and snowmobile gloves, mittens and mitts............

6216.00.38

00

Without fourchettes (331).................................

Other:

6216.00.41

00

With fourchettes (331).......................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg
doz.
prs.............
kg

7%1/

Free1/

doz.
prs.............
kg

2.8%

doz.
prs.............
kg

23.5%1/

doz.
prs.............
kg

23.5%1/

doz.
prs.............
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

25%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

25%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

25%4/

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

22.5% (E)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-145

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6216.00
(con.)

Article Description

Gloves, mittens and mitts: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of man-made fibers:

6216.00.43

00

Ice hockey and field hockey gloves........................

6216.00.46

00

Other gloves, mittens and mitts, all the fore- going
specially designed for use in sports, including ski
and snowmobile gloves, mittens and mitts............

Free1/

doz.
prs.............
kg

2.8%1/

doz.
prs.............
kg

6216.00.54

Without fourchettes............................................

..................

Other:

20.7¢/kg +
10.4%1/

45%

45%

99.2¢/kg +

65%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20.7¢/kg + 8.2% (E)

6216.00.58

10

20

10

20

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (431)................

Other (631)..................................................

With fourchettes.................................................

Containing 36 percent or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair (431)................

Other (631)..................................................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg
..................

doz. prs.
kg

doz. prs.
kg

20.7¢/kg +
10.4%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

99.2¢/kg +

65%

6216.00.80

00

Of wool or fine animal hair (431).............................

Other:

6216.00.90

00

Other (831)................................................................

3.5%1/

doz.
prs.............
kg

3.8%1/

doz.
prs.............
kg

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
62-146

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6217

6217.10
6217.10.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other made up clothing accessories; parts of garments or of
clothing accessories, other than those of heading 6212:

Accessories:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

..................

2.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,

90%

CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, NP,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

90

Headbands, ponytail holders and similar
articles........................................................................

Other (759)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

6217.10.85

00

Headbands, ponytail holders and similar
articles........................................................................

doz............
kg

14.6%

6217.10.95

Other..........................................................................

..................

14.6%1/

10

20

30

50

Of cotton (359)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)......................

Of man-made fibers (659)................................

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6217 (con.)

6217.90
6217.90.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
62-147

2

Other made up clothing accessories; parts of garments or of
clothing accessories, other than those of heading 6212: (con.)

Parts:

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk or silk
waste.................................................................................

..................

2.3%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

60

Of blouses and shirts (741).....................................

Of coats and jackets (735)......................................

Of trousers and breeches (748)..............................

Other (759)................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

XI
62-148

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6217 (con.)

6217.90
(con.)
6217.90.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other made up clothing accessories; parts of garments or of
clothing accessories, other than those of heading 6212: (con.)

Parts: (con.)

Other.................................................................................

..................

14.6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

03

05

10

20

25

30

35

45

50

55

60

70

75

80

85

95

Of blouses and shirts:

Of cotton (341)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (440)......................

Of man-made fibers (641)................................

Other (840).........................................................

Of coats and jackets:

Of cotton (335)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (435)......................

Of man-made fibers (635)................................

Other (835).........................................................

Of trousers and breeches:

Of cotton (348)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (448)......................

Of man-made fibers (648)................................

Other (847).........................................................

Other:

Of cotton (359)...................................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)......................

Of man-made fibers (659)................................

Other (859).........................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 62 - 149

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.15, 9903.88.25, 9903.88.26, 9903.88.27 and 9903.88.28.
3/ See 9903.88.69.
4/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

OTHER MADE UP TEXTILE ARTICLES; NEEDLECRAFT SETS; WORN CLOTHING AND WORN TEXTILE ARTICLES; RAGS

CHAPTER 63

XI
63-1

Notes

1. Subchapter 1 applies only to made up articles, of any textile fabric.

2. Subchapter 1 does not cover:

(a) Goods of chapters 56 to 62; or

(b) Worn clothing or other worn articles of heading 6309.

3. Heading 6309 applies only to the following goods:

(a) Articles of textile materials:

(i) Clothing and clothing accessories, and parts thereof;

(ii) Blankets and traveling rugs;

(iii) Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen;

(iv) Furnishings, other than carpets of headings 5701 to 5705 and tapestries of heading 5805.

(b) Footwear and headgear of any material other than asbestos.

In order to be classified in this heading, the articles mentioned above must comply with both of the following requirements:

(i)

They must show signs of appreciable wear; and

(ii) They must be entered in bulk or in bales, sacks or similar packings.

Subheading Note

1. Subheading 6304.20 covers articles made from warp knit fabrics, impregnated or coated with alpha-cypermethrin (ISO),
chlorfenapyr (ISO), deltamethrin (INN, ISO), lambda-cyhalothrin (ISO), permethrin (ISO), or pirimiphosmethyl (ISO).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I. OTHER MADE UP TEXTILE ARTICLES

6301
6301.10.00

Blankets and traveling rugs:

00

Electric blankets (666)...........................................................

No.............
kg

11.4%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

77.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6301.20.00

Blankets (other than electric blankets) and traveling rugs,
of wool or fine animal hair......................................................

..................

Free1/

$1.10/kg +

60%

6301.30.00

6301.40.00

10

20

10

20

10

20

Not over 3 meters in length (464)..................................

Over 3 meters in length (410)........................................

No.
kg
m2
kg

Blankets (other than electric blankets) and traveling rugs,
of cotton...................................................................................

..................

8.4%1/

Woven (369)....................................................................

Other (369).......................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Blankets (other than electric blankets) and traveling rugs,
of synthetic fibers...................................................................

..................

8.5%

30%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Woven (666)....................................................................

Other (666).......................................................................

6301.90.00

Other blankets and traveling rugs........................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

7.2%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

Of artificial fibers (666)...................................................

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

Other (899)................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6302
6302.10.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
63-3

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen:

Bed linen, knitted or crocheted.............................................

..................

6%1/

25%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

08

15

20

Of cotton:

Pillowcases and bolster cases (362)......................

Sheets (362)..............................................................

Other (362)................................................................

Other (666)3/.....................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

6302.21

Of cotton:

Other bed linen, printed:

6302.21.30

Napped...............................................................

..................

11.9%1/

Containing any embroidery, lace, braid, edging,
trimming, piping or applique work:

6302.21.50

10

20

30

40

50

10

20

30

40

50

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases
(360).............................................................

Sheets (361)................................................

Bolster cases (360).....................................

Pillowcovers (369)......................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other (362)..................................................

Not napped.........................................................

No.
kg
..................

20.9%1/

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases
(360).............................................................

Sheets (361)................................................

Bolster cases (360).....................................

Pillowcovers (369)......................................

Other (362)..................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6302 (con.)

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen: (con.)

6302.21
(con.)

6302.21.70

6302.21.90

10

20

30

40

50

10

20

30

40

50

Other bed linen, printed: (con.)

Of cotton: (con.)

Other:

Napped...............................................................

..................

2.5%1/

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases
(360).............................................................

Sheets (361)................................................

Bolster cases (360).....................................

Pillow covers (369).....................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other (362)..................................................

Not napped.........................................................

No.
kg
..................

6.7%1/

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases
(360).............................................................

Sheets (361)................................................

Bolster cases (360).....................................

Pillow covers (369).....................................

Other (362)..................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6302 (con.)

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen: (con.)

6302.22
6302.22.10

Other bed linen, printed: (con.)
Of man-made fibers:

Containing any embroidery, lace, braid, edging,
trimming, piping or applique work..........................

..................

14.9%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases:

Napped (666)..............................................

Not napped (666)........................................

Sheets:

Napped (666)..............................................

Not napped (666)........................................

Other:

Bolster cases (666).....................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other (666)..................................................

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg
..................

11.4%

10

20

30

40

50

60

10

20

30

6302.22.20

Pillow cases (666).............................................

Sheets (666).......................................................

Other (666).........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

4.5%1/

6302.29.00

Of other textile materials.................................................

10

20

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

Other (899)................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6302 (con.)

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen: (con.)

6302.31

Other bed linen:
Of cotton:

Containing any embroidery, lace, braid, edging,
trimming, piping or applique work:

6302.31.30

Napped...............................................................

..................

11.9%1/

6302.31.50

10

20

30

40

50

10

20

30

40

50

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases
(360).............................................................

Sheets (361)................................................

Bolster cases (360).....................................

Pillowcovers (369)......................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other (362)..................................................

Not napped.........................................................

No.
kg
..................

20.9%1/

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases
(360).............................................................

Sheets (361)................................................

Bolster cases (360).....................................

Pillowcovers (369)......................................

Other (362)..................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6302 (con.)

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen: (con.)

6302.31
(con.)

6302.31.70

6302.31.90

10

20

30

40

50

10

20

30

40

50

Other bed linen: (con.)
Of cotton: (con.)

Other:

Napped...............................................................

..................

3.8%1/

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases
(360).............................................................

Sheets (361)................................................

Bolster cases (360).....................................

Pillowcovers (369)......................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other (362)..................................................

Not napped.........................................................

No.
kg
..................

6.7%1/

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases
(360).............................................................

Sheets (361)................................................

Bolster cases (360).....................................

Pillowcovers (369)3/....................................

Other (362)..................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6302 (con.)

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen: (con.)

6302.32
6302.32.10

Other bed linen: (con.)

Of man-made fibers:

Containing any embroidery, lace, braid, edging,
trimming, piping or applique work..........................

..................

14.9%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases:

Napped (666)..............................................

Not napped (666)........................................

Sheets:

Napped (666)..............................................

Not napped (666)........................................

Other:

Bolster cases (666).....................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other (666)..................................................

6302.32.20

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg
..................

11.4%

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

Pillowcases, other than bolster cases:

Napped (666)..............................................

Not napped (666)........................................

Sheets:

Napped (666)..............................................

Not napped (666)........................................

Other:

Bolster cases (666).....................................

Other (666)..................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6302 (con.)

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen: (con.)

Other bed linen: (con.)

6302.39.00

Of other textile materials.................................................

..................

4.3%1/

10

20

30

Of wool or fine animal hair (469).............................

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

Other (899).........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

6302.40
6302.40.10

00

Table linen, knitted or crocheted:

Of vegetable fibers (except cotton) (899).....................

No.............
kg

6.4%1/

6302.40.20

Other.................................................................................

..................

6.8%1/

10

20

Of cotton (369)..........................................................

Other (666)................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6302 (con.)

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen: (con.)

6302.51

Other table linen:
Of cotton:

6302.51.10

00

Damask (369)....................................................

Tablecloths and napkins:

6302.51.20

00

Plain woven (369).......................................

Other:

6302.51.30

00

Other (369)..................................................

6302.51.40

00

Other (369)................................................................

No.............
kg

6.1%

No.............
kg

4.8%1/

No.............
kg

5.8%1/

No.............
kg

6.3%1/

6302.53.00

Of man-made fibers........................................................

..................

11.3%1/

10

20

30

Tablecloths and napkins:

Damask (666)....................................................

Other (666).........................................................

Other (666)................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

30%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

30%

40%

40%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6302 (con.)

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen: (con.)

XI
63-11

2

6302.59

6302.59.10

Other table linen: (con.)

Of other textile materials:

Of flax:

Tablecloths and napkins...................................

..................

5.1%1/

10

20

Damask (899)..............................................

Other (899)..................................................

6302.59.20

00

Other (899).........................................................

6302.59.30

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.............
kg
..................

Free1/

8.8%1/

6302.60.00

10

20

10

20

30

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

Other (899).........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Toilet linen and kitchen linen, of terry toweling or similar
terry fabrics, of cotton............................................................

..................

9.1%1/

Towels:

Dish (369)..................................................................

Other (363)................................................................

Other (369).......................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6302 (con.)

Bed linen, table linen, toilet linen and kitchen linen: (con.)

Other:

6302.91.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

9.2%4/

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

15

25

35

45

50

60

Of pile or tufted construction:

Towels:

Dish (369)....................................................

Other (363)..................................................

Other (369).........................................................

Other:

Towels:

Jacquard figured (363)...............................

Other:

Dish (369)..............................................

Other (369)...........................................

Other (369).........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

6302.93
6302.93.10

00

Of man-made fibers:

Pile or tufted construction (666)..............................

6302.93.20

00

Other (666)................................................................

6302.99
6302.99.10

00

Of other textile materials:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or
silk waste...................................................................

6302.99.15

10

20

Of flax.........................................................................
Towels (863)......................................................

Other (899).........................................................

6302.99.20

00

Other (899)................................................................

No.............
kg

6.2%5/

No.............
kg

9.9%5/

No.............
kg

2.7%1/

..................
No.
kg

No.
kg
No.............
kg

Free1/

8.4%4/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

78%

90%

90%

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6303

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Curtains (including drapes) and interior blinds; curtain or bed
valances:

Knitted or crocheted:

XI
63-13

2

6303.12.00

Of synthetic fibers...........................................................

..................

11.3%1/

10

90

Window shades and window blinds (666).............

Other (666)................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

6303.19
6303.19.11

00

Of other textile materials:

Of cotton (369)..........................................................

No.............
kg

10.3%1/

6303.19.21

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.4%1/

10

20

Of artificial fibers (666)......................................

Other (899).........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
63-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6303 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Curtains (including drapes) and interior blinds; curtain or bed
valances: (con.)
Other:

6303.91.00

Of cotton...........................................................................

..................

10.3%1/

10

20

Window curtains (including drapes) and window
valances (369)..........................................................

Other (369)................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

6303.92
6303.92.10

00

Of synthetic fibers:

Made up from fabrics described in subheading
5407.61.11, 5407.61.21 or 5407.61.91 (666).......

No.............
kg

11.3%

6303.92.20

Other..........................................................................

..................

11.3%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

30

50

Window curtains (including drapes) and
window valances (666).....................................

Other:

Window shades and window blinds
(666).............................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other (666)..................................................

6303.99.00

Of other textile materials.................................................

No.
kg
..................

11.3%4/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

30

60

Of artificial fibers (666)............................................

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

Other (899).........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
63-15

2

6304

Other furnishing articles, excluding those of heading 9404:

6304.11
6304.11.10

00

Bedspreads:

Knitted or crocheted:

Of cotton (362)..........................................................

6304.11.20

00

Of man-made fibers (666).......................................

6304.11.30

00

Other (899)................................................................

No.............
kg

12%1/

No.............
kg

6.5%

No.............
kg

5.9%

90%

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
63-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6304 (con.)

6304.19

6304.19.05

00

Other furnishing articles, excluding those of heading 9404:
(con.)

Bedspreads: (con.)

Other:

Of cotton:

Containing any embroidery, lace, braid,
edging, trimming, piping or applique work
(362)....................................................................

6304.19.10

00

Other (362).........................................................

6304.19.15

00

Of man-made fibers:

Containing any embroidery, lace, braid,
edging, trimming, piping or applique work
(666)....................................................................

6304.19.20

00

Other (666).........................................................

No.............
kg

12%1/

No.............
kg

4.4%1/

No.............
kg

14.9%

No.............
kg

6.5%

6304.19.30

Other..........................................................................

..................

6.3%1/

30

40

60

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

Other:

Of wool or fine animal hair (469)...............

Other (899)..................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

90%

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

77.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6304 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Other furnishing articles, excluding those of heading 9404:
(con.)

XI
63-17

2

6304.20.00

Bed nets specified in subheading note 1 to this chapter....

..................

5.8%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

40

50

60

70

Of cotton (369).................................................................

Of man-made fibers (666)..............................................

Other:

Of wool or fine animal hair (469).............................

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

Other (899).........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

doz.
kg

6304.91.01

Knitted or crocheted........................................................

..................

5.8%1/

Other:

20

40

50

60

70

Of cotton (369)..........................................................

Of man-made fibers (666).......................................

Other:

Of wool or fine animal hair (469)......................

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste......................................

Other (899)..................................................

6304.92.00

00

Not knitted or crocheted, of cotton (369)......................

6304.93.00

00

Not knitted or crocheted, of synthetic fibers (666)......

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

doz.
kg
No.............
kg

6.3%4/

No.............
kg

9.3%5/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XI
63-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6304 (con.)

6304.99

6304.99.10

00

Other furnishing articles, excluding those of heading 9404:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Not knitted or crocheted, of other textile materials:
Wall hangings of wool or fine animal hair:
Certified hand-loomed and folklore
products..............................................................

m2..............
kg

3.8%1/

m2..............
kg

11.3%4/

6304.99.15

00

Other (469).........................................................

6304.99.25

00

Wall hangings of jute..................................

kg..............

11.3%1/

Other:

Of vegetable fibers (except cotton):

6304.99.35

00

Other (899)..................................................

kg..............

11.3%4/

6304.99.40

00

Certified hand-loomed and folklore pillow
covers of wool or fine animal hair.....................

kg..............

3.8%1/

6304.99.60

Other...................................................................

..................

3.2%4/

10

20

30

40

Of wool or fine animal hair (469)...............

Of artificial fibers (666)...............................

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by
weight of silk or silk waste...................

Other (899)...........................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

50%

90%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

6305
6305.10.00

Sacks and bags, of a kind used for the packing of goods:

00

Of jute or of other textile bast fibers of heading 5303........

kg..............

6305.20.00

00

Of cotton (369).......................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.2%1/

6305.32.00

Flexible intermediate bulk containers...........................

..................

8.4%1/

Of man-made textile materials:

10

20

10

40

60
80
00

6305.33.00

6305.39.00

Weighing one kg or more (669)..............................

Other (669)................................................................

Other, of polyethylene or polypropylene strip or the
like.....................................................................................

kg

kg

..................

8.4%1/

Weighing one kg or more (669)..............................

kg

Other:

Weighing less than 1 kg, with an outer
laminated ply of plastics sheeting:

Printed with three or more colors (669).....

kg

Other (669)..................................................
Other (669).........................................................
Other (669).......................................................................

kg
kg
kg..............

8.4%1/

6305.90.00

00

Of other textile materials (899).............................................

kg..............

6.2%1/

XI
63-19

2

2.2¢/kg + 10%

40%

103%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

103%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

103%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
63-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6306

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tarpaulins, awnings and sunblinds; tents (including temporary
canopies and similar articles); sails for boats, sailboards or
landcraft; camping goods:

Tarpaulins, awnings and sunblinds:

6306.12.00

00

Of synthetic fibers (669).................................................

kg..............

8.8%

6306.19
6306.19.11

00

Of other textile materials:

Of cotton (369)..........................................................

kg..............

8%1/

6306.19.21

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.1%1/

10

20

6306.22
6306.22.10

00

Of artificial fibers (669)......................................

Other (899).........................................................
Tents (including temporary canopies and similar articles):

Of synthetic fibers:

Backpacking tents....................................................

kg

kg

No.............
kg

Free1/

6306.22.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.8%1/

10

30

00

6306.29
6306.29.11

Screen houses...................................................

Other (669).........................................................

kg

kg

Of other textile materials:

Of cotton....................................................................

kg..............

8%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6306.29.21

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

6306.30.00

6306.40
6306.40.41

10

20

00

Sails.........................................................................................
Of synthetic fibers...........................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Of other textile materials.................................................

kg

Pneumatic mattresses:

Of cotton...........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

6306.40.49

00

Of other textile materials.................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

25%

25%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6306 (con.)

6306.90
6306.90.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
63-21

2

Tarpaulins, awnings and sunblinds; tents (including temporary
canopies and similar articles); sails for boats, sailboards or
landcraft; camping goods: (con.)

Other:

Of cotton...........................................................................

kg..............

3.5%

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6306.90.50

00

Of other textile materials.................................................

kg..............

4.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

78.5%

6307
6307.10
6307.10.10

Other made up articles, including dress patterns:

Floorcloths, dishcloths, dusters and similar cleaning cloths:

Dustcloths, mop cloths and polishing cloths, of
cotton................................................................................

..................

4.1%1/

Bar mops (measuring 46 to 57 centimeters in
length and 38 to43 centimeters in width) of terry
fabric (369)................................................................

No.
kg

Other (369)................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

5.3%1/

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

26.2%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

40%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Shop towels dedicated for use in garages, filling
stations and machine shops:

Of cotton (369)...................................................

Other (863).........................................................

Dish cloths:

Of cotton (369)...................................................

Other (863).........................................................

Other..........................................................................
Lifejackets and lifebelts.........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
kg
kg..............

4.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

78.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

20

90

05

15

27

28

30
00

6307.10.20

6307.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other made up articles, including dress patterns: (con.)

Other:

Labels...............................................................................

..................

7.9%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

71.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

XI
63-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6307 (con.)
6307.90
6307.90.30

6307.90.40

6307.90.50

6307.90.60

10

20

10

20

10

20

10

90

6307.90.68

00

Of cotton (369)..........................................................

kg

Other (669)................................................................
Cords and tassels............................................................
Of cotton (369)..........................................................

kg
..................
kg

Other (669)................................................................
Corset lacings, footwear lacings or similar lacings......
Of cotton (369)..........................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Free1/

Other (669)................................................................

kg

Surgical drapes:

Of fabric formed on a base of paper or covered or
lined with paper.........................................................
Perineal towels...................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................

kg

Other:

Spunlaced or bonded fiber fabric disposable
surgical drapes of man-made fibers................

kg..............

Free1/

6307.90.72

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

4.5%1/

6307.90.75

00

Toys for pets, of textile materials...................................

No.............
kg

4.3%

6307.90.85

00

Wall banners, of man-made fibers................................

kg..............

5.8%4/

65%

90%

26.5%

78.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

78.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

80%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

74%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6307 (con.)
6307.90
(con.)

6307.90.89

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
63-23

2

Other made up articles, including dress patterns: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Surgical towels; cotton towels of pile or tufted
construction; pillow shells, of cotton; shells for
quilts, eiderdowns, comforters and similar articles
of cotton.....................................................................

..................

7%

40%

Free (AU, B, BH, CL,
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

10

40

45

50

85

95

Surgical towels (369).........................................

Cotton towels of pile or tufted construction
(363)....................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Pillow shells, of cotton (369).............................

kg

Shells for quilts, eiderdowns, comforters and
similar articles of cotton:

Sleeping bag shells.....................................

kg

Other:

Containing 85 percent or more by
weight of cotton....................................

Other (362)...........................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

XI
63-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6307 (con.)
6307.90
(con.)

6307.90.98

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other made up articles, including dress patterns: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

7%6/

40%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25

35

42

44

50

70

75

82

84

85

87

91

National flags:

Of the United States...................................

Of other nations...........................................

Face masks, including respirators without
replaceable filters:

N95 respirators:

Surgical7/...............................................

Other7/....................................................

Other respirators7/.......................................

Other face masks:

Disposable7/..........................................

Other7/....................................................

Other:

Other towels of cotton (369)......................

Other towels of man-made fibers (666).....

Furniture movers' pads of cotton...............

Furniture movers' pads of man-made
fibers.............................................................

Other3/...........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6308.00.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

II. NEEDLECRAFT SETS

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XI
63-25

2

Needlecraft sets consisting of woven fabric and yarn, whether
or not with accessories, for making up into rugs, tapestries,
embroidered tablecloths or napkins, or similar textile articles,
put up in packings for retail sale..................................................

..................

11.4%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

55%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

Containing wool yarn (469)...................................................

Other (669).............................................................................

kg

kg

XI
63-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6309.00.00

6310

6310.10
6310.10.10

6310.10.20

6310.90
6310.90.10

10

20

00

10

20

30

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

III. WORN CLOTHING AND WORN TEXTILE ARTICLES;
RAGS

Worn clothing and other worn articles........................................
Worn clothing..........................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other........................................................................................
Used or new rags, scrap twine, cordage, rope and cables, and
worn out articles of twine, cordage, rope or cables, of textile
materials:

kg

Sorted:

Of wool or fine animal hair..............................................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................
Of cotton....................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Free1/

Of man-made fibers.................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Of wool or fine animal hair..............................................

kg..............

5.5¢/kg1/

93%

39.7¢/kg

10%

39.7¢/kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6310.90.20

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XI
Endnotes--page 63 - 27

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.69.
4/ See 9817.57.01 and 9903.88.15.
5/ See 9817.57.01.
6/ See 9817.57.01, 9903.88.15 and 9903.91.01.
7/ See 9903.91.07.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XII

FOOTWEAR, HEADGEAR, UMBRELLAS, SUN UMBRELLAS,
WALKING-STICKS, SEAT-STICKS, WHIPS, RIDING-CROPS
AND PARTS THEREOF; PREPARED FEATHERS AND
ARTICLES MADE THEREWITH; ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS;
ARTICLES OF HUMAN HAIR

XII-1

XII-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 64

FOOTWEAR, GAITERS AND THE LIKE; PARTS OF
SUCH ARTICLES

XII
64-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Disposable foot or shoe coverings of flimsy material (for example, paper, sheeting of plastics) without applied soles. These

products are classified according to their constituent material;

(b) Footwear of textile material, without an outer sole glued, sewn or otherwise affixed or applied to the upper (section XI);

(c) Worn footwear of heading 6309;

(d) Articles of asbestos (heading 6812);

(e) Orthopedic footwear or other orthopedic appliances, or parts thereof (heading 9021)1/; or

(f) Toy footwear or skating boots with ice or roller skates attached; shin-guards or similar protective sportswear (chapter 95).

2.

For the purposes of heading 6406, the term "parts" does not include pegs, protectors, eyelets, hooks, buckles, ornaments, braid,
laces, pompons or other trimmings (which are to be classified in their appropriate headings) or buttons or other goods of heading
9606.

3.

For the purposes of this chapter:

(a)

the terms "rubber" and "plastics" include woven fabrics or other textile products with an external layer of rubber or plastics
being visible to the naked eye; for the purpose of this provision, no account should be taken of any resulting change of color;
and

(b)

the term "leather" refers to the goods of headings 4107 and 4112 to 4114.

4. Subject to note 3 to this chapter:

(a) The material of the upper shall be taken to be the constituent material having the greatest external surface area, no account
being taken of accessories or reinforcements such as ankle patches, edging, ornamentation, buckles, tabs, eyelet stays or
similar attachments;

(b) The constituent material of the outer sole shall be taken to be the material having the greatest surface area in contact with
the ground, no account being taken of accessories or reinforcements such as spikes, bars, nails, protectors or similar
attachments.

Subheading Note

1.

For the purposes of subheadings 6402.12, 6402.19, 6403.12, 6403.19 and 6404.11, the expression "sports footwear" applies
only to:

(a) Footwear which is designed for a sporting activity and has, or has provision for the attachment of spikes, sprigs, cleats,

stops, clips, bars or the like;

(b) Skating boots, ski-boots and cross-country ski footwear, snowboard boots, wrestling boots, boxing boots and cycling shoes.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of this chapter:

(a) The term "welt footwear" means footwear constructed with a welt, which extends around the edge of the tread portion of the
sole, and in which the welt and shoe upper are sewed to a lip on the surface of the insole, and the outsole of which is sewed
or cemented to the welt;

1/ See heading 9817.64.01.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
64-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(b) The term "footwear for men, youths and boys" covers footwear of American youths' size 11-1/2 and larger for males, and

does not include footwear commonly worn by both sexes.

2.

3.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like" covers athletic
footwear other than sports footwear (as defined in subheading note 1 above), whether or not principally used for such athletic
games or purposes.

For the purposes of heading 6401 "waterproof footwear" means footwear specified in the heading, designed to protect against
penetration by water or other liquids, whether or not such footwear is primarily designed for such purposes.

4. Provisions of subheading 6406.10 for "formed uppers" cover uppers, with closed bottoms, which have been shaped by lasting,

molding or otherwise but not by simply closing at the bottom.

5.

6.

For the purposes of determining the constituent material of the outer sole pursuant to note 4(b) of this chapter, no account shall
be taken of textile materials which do not possess the characteristics usually required for normal use of an outer sole, including
durability and strength.

For the purposes of subheadings 6402.91.42 and 6402.99.32, the term "protective active footwear" means footwear (other than
footwear described in subheading note 1) that is designed for outdoor activities, such as hiking shoes, trekking shoes, running
shoes, and trail running shoes, the foregoing valued at over $24/pair and which provides protection against water that is imparted
by the use of a coated or laminated textile fabric.

Statistical Notes

1.

For the purposes of this chapter:

(a) The expression "work footwear" encompasses, in addition to footwear having a metal toe-cap, specialized footwear for men

or for women that:

-

-

-

has outer soles of rubber or plastics, and

is of a kind designed for use by persons employed in occupations, such as those related to the agricultural, construction,
industrial, public safety and transportation sectors, that are not conducive to the use of casual, dress, or similar lightweight
footwear, and

has special features to protect against hazards in the workplace (e.g., resistance to chemicals, compression, grease,
oil, penetration, slippage, or static-buildup).

Work footwear does not cover:

-

-

-

-

sports footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like;

footwear designed to be worn over other footwear;

footwear with open toes or open heels; or

footwear, except footwear of heading 6401, of the slip-on type or other footwear that is held to the foot without the use
of laces or a combination of laces and hooks or other fasteners.

(b) The term "footwear for men" covers footwear of American men's size 6 and larger for males, and does not include footwear

commonly worn by both sexes;

(c) The term "footwear for women" covers footwear of American women's size 4 and larger, whether for females or of types

commonly worn by both sexes;

(d) The term "house slippers" covers:

(i)

Footwear with outer soles not over 3.5 mm in thickness, consisting of cellular rubber, non-grain leather, or textile material;
or

(ii) Footwear with outer soles not over 2 mm in thickness consisting of poly(vinyl chloride), whether or not backed; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
64-3

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(iii) Footwear which when measured at the ball of the foot has sole components (including any inner and mid-soles) with a
combined thickness not over 8 mm as measured from the outer surface of the uppermost sole component to the bottom
surface of the outer sole and which when measured in the same manner at the area of the heel has a thickness equal
to or less than that at the ball of the foot.

2.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 6402.91.4063, 6402.99.3173, 6405.20.3070, 6405.20.9070 and 6405.90.9030,
the term "footwear for infants" cover American infant sizes up to and including size 3.

XII
64-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6401

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Waterproof footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics, the uppers of which are neither fixed to the sole nor
assembled by stitching, riveting, nailing, screwing, plugging
or similar processes:

6401.10.00

00

Footwear incorporating a protective metal toe-cap............

prs.............

37.5% 1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

75%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XII
64-5

Waterproof footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics, the uppers of which are neither fixed to the sole nor
assembled by stitching, riveting, nailing, screwing, plugging
or similar processes: (con.)

Other footwear:

Covering the ankle but not covering the knee:

Ski-boots and snowboard boots.............................

prs.............

Free1/

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6401 (con.)

6401.92
6401.92.30

00

6401.92.60

00

Other:

Having soles and uppers of which over 90
percent of the external surface area (including
any accessories or reinforcements such as
those mentioned in note 4(a) to this chapter)
is poly(vinyl chloride), whether or not supported
or lined with poly(vinyl chloride) but not
otherwise supported or lined............................

prs.............

4.6%

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

75%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

6401.92.90

Other...................................................................

..................

37.5% 1/

30

60

00

6401.99
6401.99.10

Work footwear.............................................

prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Other:

Covering the knee.....................................................

prs.............

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

75%

Other:

Designed to be worn over, or in lieu of, other
footwear as a protection against water, oil,
grease or chemicals or cold or inclement
weather:

6401.99.30

00

Designed for use without closures............

prs.............

25% 1/

6401.99.60

00

Other.............................................................

prs.............

37.5% 1/

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

50%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

75%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

6401.99.80

00

Other:

Having uppers of which over 90 percent
of the external surface area (including any
accessories or reinforcements such as
those mentioned in note 4(a) to this
chapter) is rubber or plastics (except
footwear having foxing or a foxing-like
band applied or molded at the sole and
overlapping the upper)...............................

prs.............

Free1/

35%

6401.99.90

00

Other.............................................................

prs.............

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

66%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
64-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics:

Sports footwear:

6402.12.00

00

Ski-boots, cross-country ski footwear and snowboard
boots.................................................................................

prs.............

Free1/

35%

6402.19

Other:

Having uppers of which over 90 percent of the
external surface area (including any accessories
or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note
4(a) to this chapter) is rubber or plastics (except
footwear having foxing or a foxing-like band
applied or molded at the sole and overlapping the
upper and except footwear designed to be worn
over, or in lieu of, other footwear as a protection
against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather):

6402.19.05

Golf shoes...........................................................

..................

6%

For men........................................................

prs.

For women...................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

prs.
..................

5.1%1/

For men........................................................

prs.

For women...................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Other:

Valued not over $3/pair.....................................
For men........................................................

..................
prs.

Free

Other.............................................................
Valued over $3 but not over $6.50/pair...........

prs.
..................

76¢/pr. + 32%1/

For men........................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................
Valued over $6.50 but not over $12/pair.........

prs.
..................

76¢/pr. + 17%1/

For men........................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................
Valued over $12/pair.........................................

prs.
..................

9%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

84%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.58/pr. +

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.58/pr. +

35%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men........................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Footwear with upper straps or thongs assembled to the
sole by means of plugs (zoris)..............................................

prs.............

Free

35%

30

60

90

20

41

61

31

61

31

61

31

61

31

61
00

6402.19.15

6402.19.30

6402.19.50

6402.19.70

6402.19.90

6402.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XII
64-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.91

6402.91.05

00

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear:

Covering the ankle:

Incorporating a protective metal toe-cap:

Having uppers of which over 90 percent of the
external surface area (including any
accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to this chapter) is
rubber or plastics (except footwear having
foxing or a foxing-like band applied or molded
at the sole and overlapping the upper and
except footwear designed to be worn over, or
in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against
water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather)............................................

6402.91.10

00

Other:

Footwear designed to be worn over, or in
lieu of, other footwear as a protection
against water, oil, grease or chemicals or
cold or inclement weather..........................

prs.............

6%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

prs.............

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

66%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

6402.91.16

00

Valued not over $3/pair.......................

prs.............

24%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

84%

Other:

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

6402.91.20

00

Valued over $3 but not over
$6.50/pair..............................................

prs.............

90¢/pr. + 37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

$1.58/pr. +

6402.91.26

00

Valued over $6.50 but not over
$12/pair.................................................

prs.............

90¢/pr. + 20%1/

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

$1.58/pr. +

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

35%

6402.91.30

00

Valued over $12/pair............................

prs.............

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

XII
64-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.91
(con.)

6402.91.40

6402.91.42

05

10

40

50
63

67

30

60

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)

Covering the ankle: (con.)

Other:

Having uppers of which over 90 percent of the
external surface area (including any
accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to this chapter) is
rubber or plastics except (1) footwear having
a foxing or a foxing-like band applied or
molded at the sole and overlapping the upper
and (2) except footwear (other than footwear
having uppers which from a point 3 cm above
the top of the outer sole are entirely of non-
molded construction formed by sewing the
parts together and having exposed on the outer
surface a substantial portion of functional
stitching) designed to be worn over, or in lieu
of, other footwear as a protection against
water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather..............................................

..................

6%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men:

Work footwear......................................

prs.

Other......................................................

prs.

For women:

Work footwear......................................

prs.

Other......................................................
For infants, as described in statistical note
2 to this chapter...........................................

prs.

prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Protective active footwear (except footwear
with waterproof molded bottoms, including
bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or
part of the upper and except footwear with
insulation that provides protection against cold
weather) whose height from the bottom of the
outer sole to the top of the upper does not
exceed 15.34 cm ...............................................

..................

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

For men........................................................

prs.

For women...................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.91
(con.)

6402.91.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XII
64-9

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)

Covering the ankle: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Footwear designed to be worn over, or in
lieu of, other footwear as a protection
against water, oil, grease or chemicals or
cold or inclement weather..........................

..................

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

66%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

10

20

45

50
90

For men:

Work footwear................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

For women:

Work footwear................................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

prs.
prs.

XII
64-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.91
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)

Covering the ankle: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

6402.91.60

Valued not over $3/pair.......................

..................

48%1/

6402.91.70

6402.91.80

6402.91.90

30

60

90

30

60

90

05

10

21

45

51
91

05

10

35

45

65
95

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

Valued over $3 but not over
$6.50/pair..............................................

..................

90¢/pr. + 37.5%

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

Valued over $6.50 but not over
$12/pair.................................................

..................

90¢/pr. + 20%1/

Tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the
like...................................................

prs.

Other:

For men:

Work footwear..................

prs.

Other.................................

prs.

For women:

Work footwear..................

prs.

Other.................................
Other........................................
Valued over $12/pair............................

prs.
prs.
..................

20%1/

Tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the
like...................................................

prs.

Other:

For men:

Work footwear..................

prs.

Other.................................

prs.

For women:

Work footwear..................

prs.

Other.................................
Other........................................

prs.
prs.

84%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.58/pr. +

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

$1.58/pr. +

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

6402.99

Other:

Other footwear: (con.)

XII
64-11

2

6402.99.04

00

Incorporating a protective metal toe-cap:

Having uppers of which over 90 percent of the
external surface area (including any
accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to this chapter) is
rubber or plastics (except footwear having
foxing or a foxing-like band applied or molded
at the sole and overlapping the upper and
except footwear designed to be worn over, or
in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against
water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather)............................................

prs.............

6%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

6402.99.08

00

Other:

Footwear designed to be worn over, or in
lieu of, other footwear as a protection
against water, oil, grease or chemicals or
cold or inclement weather..........................

prs.............

37.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

66%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

6402.99.12

00

Valued not over $3/pair.......................

prs.............

24%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

84%

Other:

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

6402.99.16

00

Valued over $3 but not over
$6.50/pair..............................................

prs.............

90¢/pr. + 37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

$1.58/pr. +

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

66%

6402.99.19

00

Valued over $6.50 but not over
$12/pair.................................................

prs.............

90¢/pr. + 20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

$1.58/pr. +

6402.99.21

00

Valued over $12/pair............................

prs.............

20%1/

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

XII
64-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.99
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other:

Having uppers of which over 90 percent of the
external surface area (including any
accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to this chapter) is
rubber or plastics (except footwear having a
foxing or a foxing-like band applied or molded
at the sole and overlapping the upper and
except footwear designed to be worn over, or
in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against
water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather):

6402.99.23

Made on a base or platform of wood........

..................

8%1/

6402.99.25

30

60

90

30

60

90

For men.................................................

prs.

For women............................................

prs.

Other......................................................
Made on a base or platform of cork..........

prs.
..................

12.5%1/

For men.................................................

prs.

For women............................................

prs.

Other......................................................

prs.

33 1/3%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-13

2

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Having uppers of which over 90 percent of the
external surface area (including any
accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to this chapter) is
rubber or plastics (except footwear having a
foxing or a foxing-like band applied or molded
at the sole and overlapping the upper and
except footwear designed to be worn over, or
in lieu of, other footwear as a protection against
water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather): (con.)

Other:

Sandals and similar footwear of
plastics, produced in one piece by
molding..................................................

..................

3%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

prs.
..................

6%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

House slippers...............................

prs.

Tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the
like...................................................

prs.

Other:

For men:

Work footwear..................

prs.

Other.................................

prs.

For women:

Work footwear..................

prs.

Other.................................

prs.

For infants, as described in
statistical note 2 to this
chapter.....................................

prs.

Other........................................

prs.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.99
(con.)

6402.99.27

6402.99.31

30

60

90

10

15

35

45

55

65
73

77

XII
64-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.99
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

6402.99.32

Protective active footwear..........................

..................

20% 1/

6402.99.33

30

60

90

10

20

45

50
90

For men.................................................

prs.

For women............................................

prs.

Other......................................................
Footwear designed to be worn over, or in
lieu of, other footwear as a protection
against water, oil, grease or chemicals or
cold or inclement weather..........................

prs.

..................

37.5%1/

For men:

Work footwear................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

For women:

Work footwear................................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

prs.
prs.

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

66%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.99
(con.)

6402.99.41

00

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Footwear with open toes or open heels;
footwear of the slip-on type, that is held to
the foot without the use of laces or buckles
or other fasteners, the foregoing except
footwear of subheading 6402.99.33 and
except footwear having a foxing or a
foxing-like band wholly or almost wholly of
rubber or plastics applied or molded at the
sole and overlapping the upper:

Having outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but
not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter...................................................

prs.............

12.5%

6402.99.49

Other......................................................

..................

37.5%1/

20

40

60

80

House slippers...............................

prs.

Other:

For men....................................

prs.

For women...............................

prs.

Other........................................

prs.

35%

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, P, PA, PE,
OM, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XII
64-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.99
(con.)

6402.99.61

00

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Valued not over $3/pair:

Having outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest
surface area in contact with the
ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S.
note 5 to this chapter.....................

prs.............

12.5%

6402.99.69

Other...............................................

..................

48%

15

30

60

90

6402.99.71

00

House slippers........................

prs.

Other:

For men.............................

prs.

For women........................

prs.

Other.................................
Valued over $3 but not over $6.50/pair:
Having outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest
surface area in contact with the
ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S.
note 5 to this chapter.....................

prs.

prs.............

12.5%

6402.99.79

Other...............................................

..................

90¢/pr. + 37.5%

15

30

60

90

House slippers........................

prs.

Other:

For men.............................

prs.

For women........................

prs.

Other.................................

prs.

35%

84%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

35%

$1.58/pr. +

66%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-17

2

Other footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Valued over $6.50 but not over
$12/pair.................................................

..................

90¢/pr. + 20%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

$1.58/pr. +

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

35%

Tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the
like...................................................

prs.

Other:

For men....................................

prs.

For women...............................

prs.

Other........................................
Valued over $12/pair............................

prs.
..................

20%1/

Tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the
like...................................................

prs.

Other:

For men....................................

prs.

For women...............................

prs.

Other........................................

prs.

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6402 (con.)

6402.99
(con.)

6402.99.80

6402.99.90

05

31

61

91

05

35

65

95

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
64-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6403

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of leather:

Sports footwear:

6403.12

Ski-boots, cross-country ski footwear and snowboard
boots:

6403.12.30

00

Welt footwear............................................................

prs.............

6403.12.60
6403.19

00

Other..........................................................................

prs.............

Other:

For men, youths and boys:

Welt footwear:

Free1/

Free1/

6403.19.10

00

Golf shoes....................................................

prs.............

5%1/

6403.19.20

00

Other.............................................................

prs.............

Free1/

6403.19.30

Golf shoes....................................................

..................

8.5%

Other:

30

90

30

90

31

61
91

31

61
91
00

6403.19.40

6403.19.50

6403.19.70

6403.20.00

With pigskin uppers.............................

prs.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

prs.
..................

4.3%1/

With pigskin uppers.............................

prs.

Other......................................................

prs.

For other persons:

Golf shoes...........................................................

..................

10%1/

For women:

With pigskin uppers.............................

prs.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

prs.
prs.
..................

Free1/

For women:

With pigskin uppers.............................

prs.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

prs.
prs.

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%2/

Footwear with outer soles of leather, and uppers which
consist of leather straps across the instep and around the
big toe......................................................................................

prs.............

Free3/

20%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6403 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of leather: (con.)

XII
64-19

2

6403.40
6403.40.30

Other footwear, incorporating a protective metal toe-cap:
Welt footwear...................................................................

..................

5%3/

30

90
00

6403.40.60

With pigskin uppers..................................................

prs.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

prs.
prs.............

8.5%4/

6403.51
6403.51.11

00

Other footwear with outer soles of leather:

Covering the ankle:

Footwear made on a base or platform of wood, not
having an inner sole or a protective metal
toe-cap.......................................................................

prs.............

Free3/

Other:

6403.51.30

Welt footwear.....................................................

..................

5%3/

6403.51.60

6403.51.90

15

30
60

71

15

30
60

15

30
41

For men:

With pigskin uppers.............................

prs.

Other......................................................
For women...................................................

prs.
prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Other:

For men, youths and boys..........................

..................

8.5%3/

For men:

With pigskin uppers.......................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................
For other persons........................................

prs.
prs.
..................

10%3/

For women:

With pigskin uppers.......................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

prs.
prs.

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

33 1/3%

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

XII
64-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6403 (con.)

6403.59
6403.59.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of leather: (con.)

Other footwear with outer soles of leather: (con.)

Other:

Footwear made on a base or platform of wood, not
having an inner sole or a protective metal
toe-cap.......................................................................

Other:

prs.............

Free3/

33 1/3%

6403.59.15

Turn or turned footwear....................................

..................

2.5%3/

6403.59.30

6403.59.60

6403.59.90

20

45

61

20

40
60

81

40

60
80

30

45
61

For men........................................................

prs.

For women...................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................
Welt footwear.....................................................

prs.
..................

5%3/

For men:

With pigskin uppers.............................

prs.

Other......................................................
For women...................................................

prs.
prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Other:

For men, youths and boys..........................

..................

8.5%3/

For men:

With pigskin uppers.......................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................
For other persons........................................

prs.
prs.
..................

10%3/

For women:

With pigskin uppers.......................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

prs.
prs.

Free (AU, BH, CL,

10%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

20%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6403 (con.)

6403.91
6403.91.11

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-21

2

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of leather: (con.)

Other footwear:

Covering the ankle:

Footwear made on a base or platform of wood, not
having an inner sole or a protective metal
toe-cap.......................................................................

prs.............

Free3/

33 1/3%

6403.91.30

Welt footwear.....................................................

..................

5%3/

Other:

Free (AU, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

20%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Work footwear:

For men.................................................

prs.

Other......................................................

prs.

Other:

For men:

With pigskin uppers.......................

prs.

Other...............................................
For women............................................

prs.
prs.

Other......................................................

prs.

Other:

For men, youths and boys..........................

..................

8.5%3/

Work footwear......................................

prs.

Other:

Tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the
like, for men:

With pigskin uppers................

prs.

Other........................................

prs.

Other tennis shoes, basketball
shoes, gym shoes, training shoes
and the like:

With pigskin uppers................

prs.

Other........................................

prs.

Other:

For men:

With pigskin uppers.........

prs.

Other.................................
Other........................................
For other persons........................................

prs.
prs.
..................

10%3/

20%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Work footwear......................................

prs.

Other:

For women:

With pigskin uppers................

prs.

Other........................................
Other...............................................

prs.
prs.

6403.91.60

6403.91.90

10

25

35

40
80

91

10

30

40

50

60

65

75
90

15

25

45
51

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XII
64-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6403 (con.)

6403.99
6403.99.10

00

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of leather: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)

Other:

Footwear made on a base or platform of wood, not
having an inner sole or a protective metal
toe-cap.......................................................................

prs.............

Free3/

Other:

6403.99.20

Footwear made on a base or platform of
wood....................................................................

..................

8%3/

6403.99.40

30

60

90

10

20

35

55
80

91

For men........................................................

prs.

For women...................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Other:

Welt footwear...............................................

..................

5%3/

Work footwear:

For men...........................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

Other:

For men:

With pigskin uppers................

prs.

Other........................................
For women.....................................

prs.
prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6403 (con.)

6403.99
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-23

2

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of leather: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

6403.99.60

For men, youths and boys...................

..................

8.5%3/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

15

25

30

40

50

60

65

75
90

House slippers...............................

prs.

Work footwear................................

prs.

Other:

Tennis shoes, basketball
shoes, gym shoes, training
shoes and the like, for men:

With pigskin uppers.........

prs.

Other.................................
Other tennis shoes, basketball
shoes, gym shoes, training
shoes and the like:

prs.

With pigskin uppers.........

prs.

Other.................................

prs.

Other:

For men:

With pigskin
uppers.........................

Other...........................
Other.................................

prs.

prs.
prs.

XII
64-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6403 (con.)

6403.99
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of leather: (con.)

Other footwear: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

For other persons:

20%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

20%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

6403.99.75

Valued not over $2.50/pair...........

..................

7%4/

6403.99.90

15

30

60
90

05

15

21

31
41

55

65
71

House slippers........................

prs.

Other:

For women:

With pigskin
uppers.........................

prs.

Other...........................
Other.................................
Valued over $2.50/pair..................

prs.
prs.
..................

10%3/

House slippers........................

prs.

Work footwear.........................

prs.

Other:

Tennis shoes, basketball
shoes, and the like, for
women:

With pigskin
uppers.........................

prs.

Other...........................

prs.

Other tennis shoes,
basketball shoes, and the
like.....................................

prs.

Other:

For women:

With pigskin
uppers..................

Other....................
Other...........................

prs.

prs.
prs.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404

6404.11

6404.11.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-25

2

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials:
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics:

Sports footwear; tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like:

Having uppers of which over 50 percent of the
external surface area (including any leather
accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to this chapter) is leather...

..................

10.5%3/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

30

60

71

For men...............................................................

prs.

For women..........................................................

prs.

Other...................................................................

prs.

Other:

Valued not over $3/pair:

Having soles (or mid-soles, if any) of
rubber or plastics which are affixed to the
upper exclusively with an adhesive (any
mid-soles also being affixed exclusively to
one another and to the sole with an
adhesive); the foregoing except footwear
having a foxing or a foxing-like band
applied or molded at the sole and
overlapping the upper and except footwear
with soles which overlap the upper other
than at the toe or heel:

With uppers of vegetable fibers and
having outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but
not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter...................................................

6404.11.41

..................

7.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

30

60

90
00

6404.11.49

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

prs.
prs.............

37.5%

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
64-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

6404.11
(con.)

Sports footwear; tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like: (con.)

6404.11.51

Other: (con.)

Valued not over $3/pair: (con.)

Other:

With uppers of vegetable fibers and
having outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but
not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter...................................................

..................

7.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

30

60

90
00

6404.11.59

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

prs.
prs.............

48%

84%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Valued over $3 but not over $6.50/pair:

Having soles (or mid-soles, if any) of
rubber or plastics which are affixed to the
upper exclusively with an adhesive (any
mid-soles also being affixed exclusively to
one another and to the sole with an
adhesive); the foregoing except footwear
having a foxing or a foxing-like band
applied or molded at the sole and
overlapping the upper and except footwear
with soles which overlap the upper other
than at the toe or heel:

With uppers of vegetable fibers and
having outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but
not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter...................................................

6404.11.61

..................

7.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

30

60

90

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-27

2

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.11
(con.)

Sports footwear; tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Valued over $3 but not over $6.50/pair: (con.)
Having soles (or mid-soles, if any) of
rubber or plastics which are affixed to the
upper exclusively with an adhesive (any
mid-soles also being affixed exclusively to
one another and to the sole with an
adhesive); the foregoing except footwear
having a foxing or a foxing-like band
applied or molded at the sole and
overlapping the upper and except footwear
with soles which overlap the upper other
than at the toe or heel: (con.)

6404.11.69

Other......................................................

..................

37.5%

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

30

60

90

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
64-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

6404.11
(con.)

Sports footwear; tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like: (con.)

6404.11.71

6404.11.75

6404.11.79

30

60

90

30

60

90

30

60

90

Other: (con.)

Valued over $3 but not over $6.50/pair: (con.)

Other:

With uppers of vegetable fibers and
having outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but
not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter...................................................

..................

7.5%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................
With uppers of textile materials other
than vegetable fibers and having outer
soles with textile materials having the
greatest surface area in contact with
the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note
5 to this chapter....................................

prs.

..................

12.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

prs.
..................

90¢/pr. + 37.5%1/

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.58/pr. +

66%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-29

2

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.11
(con.)

Sports footwear; tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like: (con.)

6404.11.81

6404.11.85

6404.11.89

30

60

90

30

60

90

30

60

90

Other: (con.)

Valued over $6.50 but not over $12/pair:

With uppers of vegetable fibers and having
outer soles with textile materials having
the greatest surface area in contact with
the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note 5
to this chapter..............................................

..................

7.5%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men.................................................

prs.

For women............................................

prs.

Other......................................................
With uppers of textile material other than
vegetable fibers and having outer soles
with textile materials having the greatest
surface area in contact with the ground,
but not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter.....

prs.

..................

12.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men.................................................

prs.

For women............................................

prs.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

prs.
..................

90¢/pr. + 20%1/

For men.................................................

prs.

For women............................................

prs.

Other......................................................

prs.

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.58/pr. +

35%

XII
64-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.11
(con.)

6404.11.90

10

20

40

50

70

80

20

60

81

30

60

90

6404.19
6404.19.15

6404.19.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

Sports footwear; tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Valued over $12/pair.........................................

..................

20%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

For men:

Ski boots, cross country ski footwear
and snowboard boots..........................

prs.

Other......................................................

prs.

For women:

Ski boots, cross country ski footwear
and snowboard boots..........................

prs.

Other......................................................

prs.

Other:

Ski boots, cross country ski footwear
and snowboard boots..........................

prs.

Other......................................................

prs.

Other:

Footwear having uppers of which over 50 percent
of the external surface area (including any leather
accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to this chapter) is leather...

..................

10.5%3/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men...............................................................

prs.

For women..........................................................

prs.

Other...................................................................
Footwear designed to be worn over, or in lieu of,
other footwear as a protection against water, oil,
grease or chemicals or cold or inclement
weather......................................................................

prs.

..................

37.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

66%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

For men...............................................................

prs.

For women..........................................................

prs.

Other...................................................................

prs.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-31

2

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.19
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Footwear with open toes or open heels; footwear
of the slip-on type, that is held to the foot without
the use of laces or buckles or other fasteners, the
foregoing except footwear of subheading
6404.19.20 and except footwear having a foxing
or foxing-like band wholly or almost wholly of
rubber or plastics applied or molded at the sole
and overlapping the upper:

Less than 10 percent by weight of rubber or
plastics:

6404.19.25

With uppers of vegetable fibers.................

..................

7.5%1/

6404.19.30

15

20

30

60

90

15

20

40

60

80

House slippers:

Covering the ankle........................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

Other:

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other.............................................................

prs.
..................

12.5%

House slippers:

Covering the ankle........................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

Other:

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
64-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

6404.19
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Footwear with open toes or open heels; footwear
of the slip-on type, that is held to the foot without
the use of laces or buckles or other fasteners, the
foregoing except footwear of subheading
6404.19.20 and except footwear having a foxing
or foxing-like band wholly or almost wholly of
rubber or plastics applied or molded at the sole
and overlapping the upper: (con.)

Other:

With uppers of vegetable fibers and having
outer soles with textile materials having
the greatest surface area in contact with
the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note 5
to this chapter..............................................

..................

7.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men.................................................

prs.

For women............................................

prs.

Other......................................................
With uppers of textile material other than
vegetable fibers and having outer soles
with textile materials having the greatest
surface area in contact with the ground,
but not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter.....

prs.

..................

12.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

House slippers......................................

prs.

Other:

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other.............................................................

prs.
..................

37.5%5/

House slippers......................................

prs.

Other:

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

6404.19.36

6404.19.37

6404.19.39

30

60

90

15

30

60

90

15

40

60

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-33

2

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Valued not over $3/pair:

Having soles (or mid-soles, if any) of
rubber or plastics which are affixed to the
upper exclusively with an adhesive (any
mid-soles also being affixed exclusively to
one another and to the sole with an
adhesive); the foregoing except footwear
having a foxing or a foxing-like band
applied or molded at the sole and
overlapping the upper and except footwear
with soles which overlap the upper other
than at the toe or heel:

With uppers of vegetable fibers and
having outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but
not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S.note 5 to this
chapter...................................................

..................

7.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

With uppers of textile material other
than vegetable fibers and having outer
soles with textile materials having the
greatest surface area in contact with
the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note
5 to this chapter....................................

..................

12.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

House slippers...............................

prs.

Other:

For men....................................

prs.

For women...............................

prs.

Other........................................
Other......................................................

prs.
..................

37.5%

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.19
(con.)

6404.19.42

6404.19.47

6404.19.49

30

60

90

15

30

60

90

30

60

90

XII
64-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.19
(con.)

6404.19.52

6404.19.57

6404.19.59

30

60

90

15

30

60

90

15

30

60

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Valued not over $3/pair: (con.)

Other:

With uppers of vegetable fibers and
having outer soles with textile textile
materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but
not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter...................................................

..................

7.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

With uppers of textile material other
than vegetable fibers and having outer
soles with textile materials having the
greatest surface area in contact with
the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note
5 to this chapter....................................

..................

12.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

House slippers...............................

prs.

Other:

For men....................................

prs.

For women...............................

prs.

Other........................................
Other......................................................

prs.
..................

48%

House slippers...............................

prs.

Other:

For men....................................

prs.

For women...............................

prs.

Other........................................

prs.

84%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-35

2

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Valued over $3 but not over $6.50/pair:

Having soles (or mid-soles, if any) of
rubber or plastics which are affixed to the
upper exclusively with an adhesive (any
mid-soles also being affixed exclusively to
one another and to the sole with an
adhesive); the foregoing except footwear
having a foxing or a foxing-like band
applied or molded at the sole and
overlapping the upper and except footwear
with soles which overlap the upper other
than at the toe or heel:

With uppers of textile material other
than vegetable fibers and having outer
soles with textile materials having the
greatest surface area in contact with
the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note
5 to this chapter....................................

..................

12.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

House slippers...............................

prs.

Other:

For men....................................

prs.

For women...............................

prs.

Other........................................
Other......................................................

prs.
..................

37.5%

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.19
(con.)

6404.19.61

6404.19.69

15

30

60

90

30

60

90

XII
64-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.19
(con.)

6404.19.72

6404.19.77

6404.19.79

30

60

90

15

30

60

90

15

30

60

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Valued over $3 but not over $6.50/pair: (con.)

Other:

With uppers of vegetable fibers and
having outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but
not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this
chapter...................................................

..................

7.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................

prs.

With uppers of textile material other
than vegetable fibers and having outer
soles with textile materials having the
greatest surface area in contact with
the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note
5 to this chapter....................................

..................

12.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

House slippers...............................

prs.

Other:

For men....................................

prs.

For women...............................

prs.

Other........................................
Other......................................................

prs.
..................

90¢/pr. + 37.5%1/

House slippers...............................

prs.

Other:

For men....................................

prs.

For women...............................

prs.

Other........................................

prs.

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.58/pr. +

66%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-37

2

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)
Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Valued over $6.50 but not over $12/pair:

Wither uppers of vegetable fibers and
having outer soles with textile materials
having the greatest surface area in contact
with the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note 5
to this chapter..............................................

..................

7.5%1/

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

For men.................................................

prs.

For women............................................

prs.

Other......................................................
With uppers of textile material other than
vegetable fibers and having outer soles
with textile materials having the greatest
surface area in contact with the ground,
but not taken into account under the terms
of additional U.S. note 5 to this chapter.....

prs.

..................

12.5%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

House slippers......................................

prs.

Other:

For men...........................................

prs.

For women.....................................

prs.

Other...............................................
Other.............................................................

prs.
..................

90¢/pr. + 20%1/

For men.................................................

prs.

For women............................................

prs.

Other......................................................
Valued over $12/pair.........................................

prs.
..................

9%1/

For men........................................................

prs.

For women...................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.58/pr. +

35%

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.19
(con.)

6404.19.82

6404.19.87

6404.19.89

6404.19.90

30

60

90

15

30

60

90

30

60

90

30

60

90

XII
64-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6404 (con.)

6404.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or
composition leather and uppers of textile materials: (con.)

Footwear with outer soles of leather or composition leather:
Not over 50 percent by weight of rubber or plastics
and not over 50 percent by weight of textile materials
and rubber or plastics with at least 10 percent by
weight being rubber or plastics:

6404.20.20

Valued not over $2.50/pair......................................

..................

15%1/

6404.20.40

6404.20.60

30

60

90

30

60

90

40

60

80

For men...............................................................

prs.

For women..........................................................

prs.

Other...................................................................
Valued over $2.50/pair.............................................

prs.
..................

10%1/

For men...............................................................

prs.

For women..........................................................

prs.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

prs.
..................

37.5%1/

For men......................................................................

prs.

For women.................................................................

prs.

Other..........................................................................

prs.

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-39

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6405
6405.10.00

6405.20
6405.20.30

6405.20.60

30

60

90

30

60

70

80

30

60

90

Other footwear:

With uppers of leather or composition leather....................

..................

10%1/

For men............................................................................

prs.

For women.......................................................................

prs.

Other.................................................................................

prs.

With uppers of textile materials:

With uppers of vegetable fibers.....................................

..................

7.5%

For men......................................................................

prs.

For women.................................................................

prs.

For infants, as described in statistical note 2 to this
chapter.......................................................................

prs.

Other..........................................................................
With soles and uppers of wool felt.................................

prs.
..................

2.5%1/

For men (459)...........................................................

For women (459)......................................................

Other (459)................................................................

prs.
kg

prs.
kg

prs.
kg
..................

12.5%

6405.20.90

Other.................................................................................

15

30

60

70

80

00

6405.90
6405.90.20

House slippers..........................................................

prs.

Other:

For men...............................................................

prs.

For women..........................................................

prs.

For infants, as described in statistical note 2
to this chapter.....................................................

prs.

Other...................................................................

prs.

Other:

Disposable footwear, designed for one-time use........

prs.............

3.8%1/

6405.90.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

12.5%

30

60

For infants, as described in statistical note 2 to this
chapter.......................................................................

prs.

Other..........................................................................

prs.

20%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

XII
64-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6406

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts of footwear (including uppers whether or not attached
to soles other than outer soles); removable insoles, heel
cushions and similar articles; gaiters, leggings and similar
articles, and parts thereof:

6406.10

Uppers and parts thereof, other than stiffeners:

Formed uppers:

Of leather or composition leather:

6406.10.05

00

For men, youths and boys................................

prs.............

8.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

6406.10.10

00

For other persons...............................................

prs.............

10%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

20%

6406.10.20

Of textile materials:

Of which over 50 percent of the external
surface area (including any leather accessories
or reinforcements such as those mentioned in
note 4(a) to this chapter) is leather..................

..................

10.5%1/

31

61

For men........................................................

prs.

Other.............................................................

prs.

Other:

6406.10.25

00

Valued not over $3/pair..............................

prs.............

33.6%1/

6406.10.30

00

Valued over $3 but not over $6.50/pair.....

prs.............

63¢/pr. + 26.2%1/

6406.10.35

00

Valued over $6.50 but not over $12/pair...

prs.............

62¢/pr. + 13.7%1/

6406.10.40

00

Valued over $12/pair..................................

prs.............

7.5%1/

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

20%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

84%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

$1.58/pr. +

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

66%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

$1.58/pr. +

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-41

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6406 (con.)

6406.10
(con.)

6406.10.45

00

Parts of footwear (including uppers whether or not attached
to soles other than outer soles); removable insoles, heel
cushions and similar articles; gaiters, leggings and similar
articles, and parts thereof: (con.)

Uppers and parts thereof, other than stiffeners: (con.)

Formed uppers: (con.)

Other:

Of which over 90 percent of the external
surface area (including any accessories or
reinforcements such as those mentioned in
note 4(a) to this chapter) is rubber or plastics
and not suitable to be finished into footwear
(1) having foxing or a foxing-like band applied
or molded at the sole and overlapping the
upper, or (2) designed to be worn over, or in
lieu of, other footwear as a protection against
water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather..............................................

prs.............

6%1/

6406.10.50

00

Other...................................................................

prs.............

26.2%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

66%

CO, D, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts of footwear (including uppers whether or not attached
to soles other than outer soles); removable insoles, heel
cushions and similar articles; gaiters, leggings and similar
articles, and parts thereof: (con.)

Uppers and parts thereof, other than stiffeners: (con.)

XII
64-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6406 (con.)

6406.10
(con.)

80%

15%

35%

Other:

6406.10.60

00

Of rubber or plastics.................................................

prs.............

6406.10.65

00

Of leather...................................................................

prs.............

Free1/

Free1/

Of textile materials of which over 50 percent of the
external surface area (including any leather
accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to this chapter) is leather...

prs.............

Free1/

6406.10.70

00

6406.10.72

00

Other:

Of cotton:

Uppers of which less than 50 percent of
the external surface area (including any
leather, rubber or plastics accessories or
reinforcements such as those mentioned
in note 4(a) to this chapter) is textile
materials.......................................................

6406.10.77

00

Other (369)..................................................

prs.............

11.2%1/

prs.............
kg

11.2%1/

62.9%

62.9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6406.10.85

00

Other:

Uppers of which less than 50 percent of
the external surface area (including any
leather, rubber or plastics accessories or
reinforcements such as those mentioned
in note 4(a) to this chapter) is textile
materials.......................................................

prs.............

4.5%1/

6406.10.90

Other.............................................................

..................

4.5%1/

20

40

60

90

Of textile materials other than cotton:

Of wool or fine animal hair
(469)................................................

Of man-made fibers (669)............

Other (899).....................................

Other......................................................

prs.
kg

prs.
kg

prs.
kg
prs.
kg

78.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

78.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6406 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XII
64-43

2

Parts of footwear (including uppers whether or not attached
to soles other than outer soles); removable insoles, heel
cushions and similar articles; gaiters, leggings and similar
articles, and parts thereof: (con.)

6406.20.00

00

Outer soles and heels, of rubber or plastics.......................

prs.............
kg

2.7%1/

6406.90
6406.90.10

00

Other:

Of wood............................................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/

6406.90.15

Of textile materials....................................................

..................

14.9%1/

Of other materials:

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

33 1/3%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

72%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

10

40

50

60

70

80

30

60

6406.90.30

Of man-made fibers:
Leg-warmers:

Containing 23 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair
(459)......................................................

Other (659)...........................................

Other (659)..................................................

Other:

Leg-warmers:

Of cotton (359).....................................

Of wool or fine animal hair (459)........

Other (859)...........................................

Other.............................................................

Of rubber or plastics.................................................

Bottoms...............................................................

Other...................................................................

6406.90.60

00

Of leather...................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg
..................

5.3%

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
kg..............

6406.90.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

15%2/

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
Endnotes--page 64 - 44
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.41.10 and 9903.88.15.
4/ See 9903.41.10.
5/ See 9903.27.09 and 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 65

HEADGEAR AND PARTS THEREOF

XII
65-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Worn headgear of heading 6309;

(b) Asbestos headgear (heading 6812); or

(c) Dolls' hats, other toy hats or carnival articles of chapter 95.

2. Heading 6502 does not cover hat shapes made by sewing, other than those obtained simply by sewing strips in spirals.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

This chapter does not include mufflers, shawls, scarves, mantillas, veils and the like (heading 6117 or 6214).

XII
65-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6501.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Hat forms, hat bodies and hoods of felt, neither blocked to
shape nor with made brims; plateaux and manchons (including
slit manchons), of felt:

Of fur felt:

6501.00.30

00

For men or boys...............................................................

6501.00.60

00

Other.................................................................................

6501.00.90

00

Other (459).............................................................................

doz............
kg

Free1/

doz............
kg

96¢/doz. + 1.4%1/

No.............
kg

10.3¢/kg +
10.3%1/

$16/doz. +

25%

$16/doz. +

25%

88.2¢/kg +

55%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6502.00

Hat shapes, plaited or made by assembling strips of any
material, neither blocked to shape, nor with made brims, not
lined, nor trimmed:

Of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous vegetable materials,
of paper yarn or of any combination thereof:

6502.00.20

00

Sewed...............................................................................

doz............
kg

34¢/doz. + 3.4%1/

$3/doz. + 50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6502.00.40

00

Not bleached and not colored.................................

Not sewed:

doz............
kg

4%1/

6502.00.60

Bleached or colored.................................................

..................

Free1/

30

60

Of paper..............................................................

doz.

Other...................................................................

6502.00.90

Other........................................................................................

doz.
kg
..................

6.8%1/

30

60

Of man-made fibers (659)..............................................

Other.................................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25¢/doz. +

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6504.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XII
65-3

Hats and other headgear, plaited or made by assembling strips
of any material, whether or not lined or trimmed:

Of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous vegetable materials,
of paper yarn or of any combination thereof:

6504.00.30

00

Sewed...............................................................................

doz............
kg

6%1/

6504.00.60

00

Not sewed........................................................................

doz............
kg

94¢/doz. + 4.6%1/

6504.00.90

Other........................................................................................

..................

6.8%1/

$3/doz. + 50%

$3.50/doz. +

50%

90%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15

45

60

75

Sewed:

Of man-made fibers (659).......................................

Other..........................................................................

Not sewed:

Of man-made fibers (659).......................................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6505.00

Hats and other headgear, knitted or crocheted, or made up
from lace, felt or other textile fabric, in the piece (but not in
strips), whether or not lined or trimmed; hair-nets of any
material, whether or not lined or trimmed:

6505.00.01

00

Hair-nets..................................................................................

kg..............

9.4%2/3/

90%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XII
65-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6505.00
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Hats and other headgear, knitted or crocheted, or made up
from lace, felt or other textile fabric, in the piece (but not in
strips), whether or not lined or trimmed; hair-nets of any
material, whether or not lined or trimmed: (con.)

Other:

Felt hats and other felt headgear, made from the hat
bodies, hoods or plateaux of heading 6501, whether
or not lined or trimmed:

6505.00.04

Of fur felt....................................................................

..................

Free1/

$16/doz. +

25%

10

50

For men or boys.................................................

Other...................................................................

6505.00.08

00

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
No.............
kg

13.5¢/kg + 6.3%
+ 1.9¢/article1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

88.2¢/kg +

55% + 12.5¢/
article

Other:

Of cotton, flax or both:

6505.00.15

Knitted.................................................................

..................

7.9%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

45%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15

25

40

60

Of cotton:

For babies (239)...................................

Other:

Visors, and other headgear which
provides no covering for the crown
of the head (359)...........................

Other (359).....................................

Other (859)..................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6505.00
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XII
65-5

Hats and other headgear, knitted or crocheted, or made up
from lace, felt or other textile fabric, in the piece (but not in
strips), whether or not lined or trimmed; hair-nets of any
material, whether or not lined or trimmed: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of cotton, flax or both: (con.)

Not knitted:

6505.00.20

Certified hand-loomed and folklore
products; and headwear of cotton.............

..................

7.5%1/

6505.00.25

6505.00.30

6505.00.40

30

60

45

90

30

45

90

30

45

90

For babies (239)...................................

Other (359)...........................................

Other.............................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

7.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

37.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Visors, and other headgear of cotton
which provides no covering for the
crown of the head (359)......................

Other (859)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Of wool:

Knitted or crocheted or made up from knitted
or crocheted fabric.............................................

..................

25.4¢/kg +
7.7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg +

50%

For babies (439)..........................................

Other:

Visors, and other headgear which
provides no covering for the crown of
the head (459)......................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other (459)...........................................

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg
..................

31¢/kg + 7.9%1/

For babies (439)..........................................

Other:

Visors, and other headgear which
provides no covering for the crown of
the head (459)......................................

Other (459)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg +

50%

XII
65-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6505.00
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Hats and other headgear, knitted or crocheted, or made up
from lace, felt or other textile fabric, in the piece (but not in
strips), whether or not lined or trimmed; hair-nets of any
material, whether or not lined or trimmed: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of man-made fibers:

Knitted or crocheted or made up from knitted
or crocheted fabric:

6505.00.50

Wholly or in part of braid............................

..................

6.8%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6505.00.60

30

45

90

30

40

45

90

For babies (239)...................................

Other:

Visors, and other headgear which
provides no covering for the crown
of the head (659)...........................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other (659).....................................

Not in part of braid......................................

doz.
kg
..................

20¢/kg + 7%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

99.2¢/kg +

65%

For babies (239)...................................

Other:

Containing 23 percent or more by
weight of wool or fine animal hair
(459)................................................

Other:

Visors, and other headgear
which provides no covering for
the crown of the head
(659).........................................

Other (659)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6505.00
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XII
65-7

Hats and other headgear, knitted or crocheted, or made up
from lace, felt or other textile fabric, in the piece (but not in
strips), whether or not lined or trimmed; hair-nets of any
material, whether or not lined or trimmed: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Of man-made fibers: (con.)

Other:

6505.00.70

Wholly or in part of braid............................

..................

6.8%1/

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

6505.00.80

30

45

90

15

45

50

90

For babies (239)...................................

Other:

Visors, and other headgear which
provides no covering for the crown
of the head (659)...........................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other (659).....................................

Not in part of braid......................................

doz.
kg
..................

18.7¢/kg +
6.8%1/

Nonwoven disposable headgear
without peaks or visors4/......................

Other:

For babies (239)............................

Other:

Visors, and other headgear
which provides no covering for
the crown of the head
(659).........................................

Other (659)..............................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

99.2¢/kg +

65%

XII
65-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6505.00
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Hats and other headgear, knitted or crocheted, or made up
from lace, felt or other textile fabric, in the piece (but not in
strips), whether or not lined or trimmed; hair-nets of any
material, whether or not lined or trimmed: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

6505.00.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

20.7¢/kg +
7.5%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, NP, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)5/

99.2¢/kg +

65%

30

45

50

76

89

Containing 70 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste (759).......................................

Other:

Of fine animal hair (459).............................

Of paper yarn...............................................

Other:

Of unspun vegetable fibers.................

Other (859)...........................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
65-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6506
6506.10
6506.10.30

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other headgear, whether or not lined or trimmed:

Safety headgear:

Of reinforced or laminated plastics...............................

..................

Free3/

$1.10/kg +

40%

6506.10.60

6506.91.00

30

45

75

30

45

75

30

45

60

Motorcycle helmets..................................................

Other:

Athletic, recreational and sporting headgear...

No.
kg

doz.
kg

Other...................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Motorcycle helmets4/................................................

Other:

Athletic, recreational and sporting
headgear4/...........................................................

Other...................................................................

doz.
kg
..................

Free3/

No.
kg

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other:

Of rubber or plastics.......................................................
Bathing caps.............................................................

Free1/

..................
doz.
kg

Visors, or other headgear which provides no
covering for the crown of the head.........................

Other..........................................................................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

6506.99
6506.99.30

00

Of other materials:

Of furskin...................................................................

6506.99.60

00

Other..........................................................................

6507.00.00

00

Headbands, linings, covers, hat foundations, hat frames, peaks
(visors) and chin straps, for headgear........................................

doz............
kg

3.3%1/

doz............
kg

8.5%1/

doz............
kg

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, NP,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, NP,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%6/

25%

50%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
Endnotes--page 65 - 10
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ As shown in Pres. Proc. 8771; general rate should be 9.4% and column 2 rate should be 90% based on prior provisions.
3/ See 9903.88.15.
4/ See 9903.88.69.
5/ As shown in Pres. Proc. 8771; E* omitted based on previous provision.
6/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 66

UMBRELLAS, SUN UMBRELLAS, WALKING-STICKS, SEAT-STICKS,
WHIPS, RIDING-CROPS, AND PARTS THEREOF

XII
66-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Measure walking-sticks or the like (heading 9017);

(b) Firearm-sticks, sword-sticks, loaded walking-sticks or the like (chapter 93); or

(c) Goods of chapter 95 (for example, toy umbrellas, toy sun umbrellas).

2. Heading 6603 does not cover parts, trimmings or accessories of textile material, or covers, tassels, thongs, umbrella cases or

the like, of any material. Such goods entered with, but not fitted to, articles of heading 6601 or 6602 are to be classified separately
and are not to be treated as forming part of those articles.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
66-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6601

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Umbrellas and sun umbrellas (including walking-stick
umbrellas, garden umbrellas and similar umbrellas):

6601.10.00

00

Garden or similar umbrellas..................................................

doz............

6.5%

Other:

6601.91.00

00

Having a telescopic shaft...............................................

doz............

Free

6601.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

doz............

8.2%

6602.00.00

00

Walking-sticks, seat-sticks, whips, riding-crops and the like...

No.............

4%1/

6603

6603.20

Parts, trimmings and accessories of articles of heading 6601
or 6602:

Umbrella frames, including frames mounted on shafts
(sticks):

6603.20.30

00

For hand-held umbrellas chiefly used for protection
against rain.......................................................................

No.............

Free

6603.20.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

12%

6603.90
6603.90.41

00

Other:

Umbrella handles, knobs, tips and caps......................

kg..............

6603.90.81

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

5.2%2/

40%

40%

40%

40%

60%

60%

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
Endnotes--page 66 - 3

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 67

PREPARED FEATHERS AND DOWN AND ARTICLES
MADE OF FEATHERS OR OF DOWN; ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS;
ARTICLES OF HUMAN HAIR

XII
67-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Filtering or straining cloth of human hair (heading 5911);

(b) Floral motifs of lace, of embroidery or other textile fabric (section XI);

(c) Footwear (chapter 64);

(d) Headgear or hair-nets (chapter 65);

(e) Toys, sports equipment, or carnival articles (chapter 95); or

(f) Feather dusters, powder-puffs or hair sieves (chapter 96).

2. Heading 6701 does not cover:

(a) Articles in which feathers or down constitute only filling or padding (for example, bedding of heading 9404);

(b) Articles of apparel or clothing accessories in which feathers or down constitute no more than mere trimming, filling or padding;

or

(c) Artificial flowers or foliage or parts thereof or made up articles of heading 6702.

3. Heading 6702 does not cover:

(a) Articles of glass (chapter 70); or

(b) Artificial flowers, foliage or fruit of pottery, stone, metal, wood or other materials, obtained in one piece by molding, forging,
carving, stamping or other process, or consisting of parts assembled otherwise than by binding, gluing, fitting into one another
or similar methods.

XII
67-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6701.00

6701.00.30

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Skins and other parts of birds with their feathers or down,
feathers, parts of feathers, down and articles thereof (other
than goods of heading 0505 and worked quills and scapes):
Articles of feathers or down..................................................

No.............

4.7%1/

6701.00.60

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

4.7%1/

6702

6702.10
6702.10.20

00

Artificial flowers, foliage and fruit and parts thereof; articles
made of artificial flowers, foliage or fruit:

Of plastics:

Assembled by binding with flexible materials such as
wire, paper, textile materials, or foil, or by gluing or by
similar methods...............................................................

No.............

8.4%

6702.10.40

00

Other, including parts.....................................................

No.............

3.4%

6702.90
6702.90.10

00

Of other materials:

Of feathers.......................................................................

No.............

4.7%2/

6702.90.35

00

Of man-made fibers.................................................

No.............

9%

Other:

6702.90.65

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

17%2/

6703.00

Human hair, dressed, thinned, bleached or otherwise worked;
wool or other animal hair or other textile materials, prepared
for use in making wigs or the like:

6703.00.30

00

Human hair.............................................................................

kg..............

6703.00.60

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

6704

Wigs, false beards, eyebrows and eyelashes, switches and
the like, of human or animal hair or of textile materials; articles
of human hair not elsewhere specified or included:

Of synthetic textile materials:

6704.11.00

00

Complete wigs.................................................................

No.............

Free2/

6704.19.00
6704.20.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Of human hair.........................................................................

No.............
No.............

Free2/
Free

6704.90.00

00

Of other materials...................................................................

No.............

Free2/

60%

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

80%

60%

71.5%

90%

20%3/

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XII
Endnotes--page 67 - 3

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XIII

ARTICLES OF STONE, PLASTER, CEMENT,
ASBESTOS, MICA OR SIMILAR MATERIALS;
CERAMIC PRODUCTS; GLASS AND GLASSWARE

XIII-1

XIII-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 68

ARTICLES OF STONE, PLASTER, CEMENT,
ASBESTOS, MICA OR SIMILAR MATERIALS

XIII
68-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Goods of chapter 25;

(b) Coated, impregnated or covered paper and paperboard of heading 4810 or 4811 (for example, paper and paperboard coated

with mica powder or graphite, bituminized or asphalted paper and paperboard);

(c) Coated, impregnated or covered textile fabric of chapter 56 or 59 (for example, fabric coated or covered with mica powder,

bituminized or asphalted fabric);

(d) Articles of chapter 71;

(e) Tools or parts of tools, of chapter 82;

(f)

Lithographic stones of heading 8442;

(g) Electrical insulators (heading 8546) or fittings of insulating material of heading 8547;

(h) Dental burrs (heading 9018);

(ij) Articles of chapter 91 (for example, clocks and clock cases);

(k) Articles of chapter 94 (for example, furniture, luminaires and lighting fittings, prefabricated buildings);

(l) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games and sports equipment);

(m) Articles of heading 9602, if made of materials specified in note 2(b) to chapter 96, or of heading 9606 (for example, buttons),

of heading 9609 (for example, slate pencils), heading 9610 (for example, drawing slates) or of heading 9620 (monopods,
bipods, tripods and similar articles); or

(n) Articles of chapter 97 (for example, works of art).

2.

In heading 6802 the expression "worked monumental or building stone" applies not only to the varieties of stone referred to in
heading 2515 or 2516, but also to all other natural stone (for example, quartzite, flint, dolomite and steatite) similarly worked; it
does not, however, apply to slate.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of heading 6802, the term " slabs" embraces flat stone pieces, not over 5.1 cm in thickness, having a facial
area of 25.8 cm2 or more, the edges of which have not been beveled, rounded or otherwise processed except such processing
as may be needed to facilitate installation as tiling or veneering in building construction.

2.

For the purposed of heading 6810, the term " tiles" does not include any article 3.2 cm or more in thickness.

XIII
68-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6801.00.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Setts, curbstones and flagstones, of natural stone (except
slate)...............................................................................................

t .................

2.8%1/

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6802

6802.10.00

00

Worked monumental or building stone (except slate) and
articles thereof, other than goods of heading 6801; mosaic
cubes and the like, of natural stone (including slate), whether
or not on a backing; artificially colored granules, chippings and
powder, of natural stone (including slate):

Tiles, cubes and similar articles, whether or not rectangular
(including square), the largest face of which is capable of
being enclosed in a square the side of which is less than
7 cm; artificially colored granules, chippings and powder..

kg..............

4.8%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6802.21
6802.21.10

00

Other monumental or building stone and articles thereof,
simply cut or sawn, with a flat or even surface:

Marble, travertine and alabaster:

Travertine..................................................................

t .................

4.2%1/

6802.21.50

00

Other..........................................................................

t .................

1.9%1/

6802.23.00

00

Granite..............................................................................

t .................

3.7%1/

6802.29
6802.29.10

00

Other stone:

Calcareous stone, other than marble, travertine or
alabaster....................................................................

t .................

4.9%1/

6802.29.90

00

Other..........................................................................

t .................

6%1/

50%

13%2/

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6802 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
68-3

Worked monumental or building stone (except slate) and
articles thereof, other than goods of heading 6801; mosaic
cubes and the like, of natural stone (including slate), whether
or not on a backing; artificially colored granules, chippings and
powder, of natural stone (including slate): (con.)

Other:

6802.91

Marble, travertine and alabaster:

Marble:

6802.91.05

00

Slabs...................................................................

t .................

2.5%1/

6802.91.15

00

Other...................................................................

t .................

4.9%1/

6802.91.20

00

Travertine:

Articles of subheading 6802.21.10 that have
been dressed or polished, but not further
worked................................................................

t .................

4.2%1/

6802.91.25

00

Other...................................................................

t .................

3.7%1/

6802.91.30

00

Alabaster...................................................................

t .................

4.7%1/

6802.92.00

00

Other calcareous stone..................................................

t .................

4.9%1/

6802.93.00

Granite..............................................................................

..................

3.7%1/

15%2/

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

40%

50%

50%

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

25

35

60
90

Articles for monumental or building purposes of
subheading 6802.23.00, not cut to size, with only
one face surface-worked more than simply cut or
sawn...........................................................................

Articles for monumental or building purposes of
subheading 6802.23.00, cut to size, with one or
more faces or edges surface-worked more than
simply cut or sawn:

With a maximum thickness of 1.5 cm..............

With a maximum thickness greater than 1.5 cm
but not greater than 7.5 cm...............................

With a maximum thickness greater than
7.5 cm:

Monuments, bases and markers...............

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

t

t

t

t

t
t

XIII
68-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6802 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Worked monumental or building stone (except slate) and
articles thereof, other than goods of heading 6801; mosaic
cubes and the like, of natural stone (including slate), whether
or not on a backing; artificially colored granules, chippings and
powder, of natural stone (including slate): (con.)

Other: (con.)

6802.99.00

Other stone......................................................................

..................

6.5%1/

30

50

70
90

00

6803.00
6803.00.10

Monuments, bases and markers............................

Other:

Quartzite:

Slabs.............................................................

Other.............................................................
Other3/.................................................................

t

t

t
t

Worked slate and articles of slate or of agglomerated slate:

Roofing slate...........................................................................

m2..............

3.3%1/

6803.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

25%2/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6804

6804.10.00

00

6804.21.00

10

20

30

90

00

6804.22
6804.22.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
68-5

Millstones, grindstones, grinding wheels and the like, without
frameworks, for grinding, sharpening, polishing, trueing or
cutting, hand sharpening or polishing stones, and parts thereof,
of natural stone, of agglomerated natural or artificial abrasives,
or of ceramics, with or without parts of other materials:

Millstones and grindstones for milling, grinding or
pulping.....................................................................................

Other millstones, grindstones, grinding wheels and the
like:

Of agglomerated synthetic or natural diamond............
Segments for circular sawblades, consisting of
diamond agglomerated with metal.........................

Articles consisting of a continuous rim segment of
diamond agglomerated with metal, attached to
circular plates of steel (whether or not attached to
non-steel plates).......................................................

Articles consisting of multiple segments of diamond
agglomerated with metal, attached to circular
plates of steel, without cutting parts (whether or
not attached to non-steel plates)............................

No.............

Free1/

..................

Free1/

Free2/

30%2/

No.

No.

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Of other agglomerated abrasives or of ceramics:

Bonded with synthetic resins...................................

kg..............

5¢/kg + 2%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg +

40%

6804.22.40

00

6804.22.60
6804.23.00
6804.30.00

00
00
00

6805

Other:

Abrasive wheels.................................................

No.............

Other...................................................................
Of natural stone...............................................................
Hand sharpening or polishing stones..................................

kg..............
No.............
No.............

Natural or artificial abrasive powder or grain, on a base of
textile material, of paper, of paperboard or of other materials,
whether or not cut to shape or sewn or otherwise made up:

6805.10.00

00

On a base of woven textile fabric only.................................

kg..............

6805.20.00

00

On a base of paper or paperboard only...............................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

6805.30
6805.30.10

00

On a base of other materials:

Articles wholly or partly coated with abrasives, in the
form of sheets, strips, disks, belts, sleeves or similar
forms.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6805.30.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

20%

30%2/
Free2/
Free2/

20%

20%

20%2/

20%2/

XIII
68-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6806

6806.10.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Slag wool, rock wool and similar mineral wools; exfoliated
vermiculite, expanded clays, foamed slag and similar expanded
mineral materials; mixtures and articles of heat-insulating,
sound-insulating or sound-absorbing mineral materials, other
than those of heading 6811 or 6812, or of chapter 69:

Slag wool, rock wool and similar mineral wools (including
intermixtures thereof), in bulk, sheets or rolls.....................

..................

3.9%1/

10

20

40

60

90
00

10

20

90

Accoustical pads and boards.........................................

Other:

Batts, not exceeding 61 cm in width.......................

Batts, exceeding 61 cm in width.............................

Pipe coverings..........................................................

Other..........................................................................
Exfoliated vermiculite, expanded clays, foamed slag and
similar expanded mineral materials (including intermixtures
thereof)....................................................................................

m2

m2
m2
m2
m2

kg..............

Free1/

Other........................................................................................
Accoustical pads and boards.........................................

..................
m2

Free1/

Other:

Of molded calcium silicate.......................................

Other..........................................................................

m2

kg

6806.20.00

6806.90.00

6807

Articles of asphalt or of similar material (for example, petroleum
bitumen or coal tar pitch):

6807.10.00

00

In rolls......................................................................................

kg..............

6807.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

Free1/

2.7%1/

10

50

Articles of a kind used for roofing or siding..................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

6808.00.00

00

Panels, boards, tiles, blocks and similar articles of vegetable
fiber, of straw or of shavings, chips, particles, sawdust or other
waste, of wood, agglomerated with cement, plaster or other
mineral binders..............................................................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

30%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%2/

30%

30%2/

35%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
68-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6809

Articles of plaster or of compositions based on plaster:

6809.11.00

10

80

Boards, sheets, panels, tiles and similar articles, not
ornamented:

Faced or reinforced with paper or paperboard only.....
Of gypsum plaster....................................................

Other..........................................................................

6809.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

..................
kg
m2

kg
m2
m2..............

Free1/

3%1/

6809.90.00

00

Other articles..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6810

Articles of cement, of concrete or of artificial stone, whether
or not reinforced:

Tiles, flagstones, bricks and similar articles:

6810.11.00

Building blocks and bricks.............................................

..................

3.2%1/

10

Containing by weight more than 70 percent
magnesia, expressed as MgO, with carbon content
ranging from trace amounts to less than
30 percent, and chemically bonded by resin or
pitch............................................................................

m2

70

Other..........................................................................

t

6810.19

Other:

Floor and wall tiles:

6810.19.12

00

Of stone agglomerated with binders other than
cement................................................................

m2..............

4.9%1/

6810.19.14

00

Other...................................................................

m2..............

9%1/

6810.19.50

00

Other..........................................................................

t .................

3.9%1/

30%

35%

60%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

55%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6810.91.00

00

6810.99.00

20

40
80

Other articles:

Prefabricated structural components for building or
civil engineering...............................................................

Other.................................................................................
Agglomerated quartz slabs of the type used for
countertops:

In slabs of rectangular shape, with a length of
3 m or more and a width of 1.25 m or more.....

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

t .................

Free1/

..................

Free1/

30%

30%2/

m2
m2
No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
68-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6811

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles of asbestos-cement, of cellulose fiber-cement or the
like:

6811.40.00

00

Containing asbestos..............................................................

kg..............

Not containing asbestos:

6811.81.00

00

Corrugated sheets...........................................................

kg..............

6811.82.00

00

Other sheets, panels, tiles and similar articles............

kg..............

6811.89
6811.89.10

00

Other articles:

Tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings....................

kg..............

6811.89.90

00

Other articles.............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

6812

6812.80
6812.80.10

00

Fabricated asbestos fibers; mixtures with a basis of asbestos
or with a basis of asbestos and magnesium carbonate; articles
of such mixtures or of asbestos (for example, thread, woven
fabric, clothing, headgear, footwear, gaskets), whether or not
reinforced, other than goods of heading 6811 or 6813:

Of crocidolite:

Footwear..........................................................................

kg..............

8.3%1/

6812.80.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

6812.91
6812.91.10

00

Clothing, clothing accessories, footwear and headgear
Footwear....................................................................

kg..............

8.3%1/

6812.91.90
6812.99
6812.99.10

00

00

6812.99.20

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other:

Paper, millboard and felt..........................................

Compressed asbestos fiber jointing, in sheets or
rolls.............................................................................

m2..............

Free1/

m2..............
m2..............

Free1/
Free1/

6812.99.90

00

Other..........................................................................

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg2/

1.7¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

35%

35%

35%

35%

25%

25%

25%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6813

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
68-9

Friction material and articles thereof (for example, sheets, rolls,
strips, segments, discs, washers, pads), not mounted, for
brakes, for clutches or the like, with a basis of asbestos, of
other mineral substances or of cellulose, whether or not
combined with textile or other materials:

6813.20.00

Containing asbestos..............................................................

..................

Free1/

25%

10

15

20

25

10

50

10

50

6813.81.00

6813.89.00

Brake linings and pads:

Articles for use in civil aircraft.................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Articles for use in civil aircraft:................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Not containing asbestos:

Brake linings and pads...................................................
Articles for use in civil aircraft, with a basis of
mineral substances..................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Articles for use in civil aircraft, with a basis of
mineral substances..................................................

..................

Free1/

No.

No.
..................

Free1/

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

6814

6814.10.00

00

Worked mica and articles of mica, including agglomerated or
reconstituted mica, whether or not on a support of paper,
paperboard or other materials:

Plates, sheets and strips of agglomerated or reconstituted
mica, whether or not on a support........................................

kg..............

2.7%1/

6814.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/

25%

25%

40%

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XIII
68-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6815

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles of stone or of other mineral substances (including
carbon fibers, articles of carbon fibers and articles of peat),
not elsewhere specified or included:

Carbon fibers; articles of carbon fibers for non-electrical
uses; other articles of graphite or other carbon for
non-electrical uses:

6815.11.00

00

Carbon fibers...................................................................

kg..............

6815.12.00

00

Fabrics of carbon fibers..................................................

kg..............

6815.13.00

00

Other articles of carbon fibers.......................................

kg..............

6815.19.00
6815.20.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Articles of peat........................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Other articles:

6815.91.00

6815.99
6815.99.20

6815.99.41

11

71

00

10

70

Containing magnesite, magnesia in the form of
periclase, dolomite including in the form of dolime, or
chromite............................................................................
Containing by weight more than 70 percent
magnesia, expressed as MgO, with carbon content
ranging from trace amounts to less than
30 percent, and chemically bonded by resin or
pitch............................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Talc, steatite and soapstone, cut or sawed, or in
blanks, crayons, cubes, disks or other forms........

Other..........................................................................
Containing by weight more than 70 percent
magnesia, expressed as MgO, with carbon
content ranging from trace amounts to less
than 30 percent, and chemically bonded by
resin or pitch.......................................................

Other...................................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg..............

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

45%

45%

45%

45%
20%

30%

2.2¢/kg

30%2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
Endnotes--page 68 - 11

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 69

CERAMIC PRODUCTS

XIII
69-1

Notes

1.

This chapter applies only to ceramic products which have been fired after shaping:

(a) Headings 6904 to 6914 apply only to such products other than those classifiable in headings 6901 to 6903;

(b) Articles heated to temperatures less than 800 °C for purposes such as curing of resins, accelerating hydration reactions, or
for the removal of water or other volatile components, are not considered to be fired. Such articles are excluded from Chapter
69; and

(c) Ceramic articles are obtained by firing inorganic, nonmetallic materials which have been prepared and shaped previously

at, in general, room temperature. Raw materials comprise, inter alia, clays, siliceous materials including fused silica, materials
with a high melting point, such as oxides, carbides, nitrides, graphite or other carbon, and in some cases binders such as
refractory clays or phosphates.

2.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Products of heading 2844;

(b) Articles of heading 6804;

(c) Articles of chapter 71 (for example, imitation jewelry);

(d) Cermets of heading 8113;

(e) Articles of chapter 82;

(f) Electrical insulators (heading 8546) or fittings of insulating material (heading 8547);

(g) Artificial teeth (heading 9021);

(h) Articles of chapter 91 (for example, clocks and clock cases);

(ij) Articles of chapter 94 (for example, furniture, luminaires and lighting fittings, prefabricated buildings);

(k) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games and sports equipment);

(l) Articles of heading 9606 (for example, buttons) or of heading 9614 (for example, smoking pipes); or

(m) Articles of chapter 97 (for example, works of art).

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of headings 6902 and 6903, the term "refractory" is applied to articles which have a pyrometric cone equivalent
of at least 1500°C when heated at 60°C per hour (pyrometric cone 18). Refractory articles have special properties of strength
and resistance to thermal shock and may also have, depending upon the particular uses for which designed, other special
properties such as resistance to abrasion and corrosion.

For the purposes of heading 6902, a brick which contains both chromium and magnesium is classifiable according to which of
those components (expressed as Cr 2O 3  or MgO, respectively) is the greater by weight.

3.

For the purposes of headings 6905 and 6907, the term "tiles" does not include any article 3.2 cm or more in thickness.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
69-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

5.

For the purposes of headings 6909 through 6914:

(a) The terms "porcelain,""china" and"chinaware"embrace ceramic ware (other than stoneware), whether or not glazed or

decorated, having a fired white body (unless artificially colored) which will not absorb more than 0.5 percent of its weight of
water and is translucent in thicknesses of several millimeters. The term"stoneware" as used in this note, embraces ceramic
ware which contains clay as an essential ingredient, is not commonly white, will absorb not more than 3 percent of its weight
of water, and is naturally opaque (except in very thin pieces) even when absorption is less than 0.1 percent.

(b) The term "bone chinaware" embraces chinaware or porcelain the body of which contains 25 percent or more of calcined

bone or tricalcium phosphate.

(c) The term "earthenware" embraces ceramic ware, whether or not glazed or decorated, having a fired body which contains

clay as an essential ingredient, and will absorb more than 3 percent of its weight of water.

(d) The water absorption of a ceramic body shall be determined by ASTM test method designated C373 (except that test

specimens may have a minimum weight of 10 g, and may have one large surface glazed).

6.

For the purposes of headings 6911 and 6912:

(a) The term "available in specified sets" embraces plates, cups, saucers and other articles principally used for preparing, serving
or storing food or beverages, or food or beverage ingredients, which are sold or offered for sale in the same pattern, but no
article is classifiable as being "available in specified sets" unless it is of a pattern in which at least the articles listed below
in (b) of this note are sold or offered for sale.

(b)

If each of the following articles is sold or offered for sale in the same pattern, the classification hereunder in subheadings
6911.10.35, 6911.10.37, 6911.10.38, 6912.00.35 or 6912.00.39, of all articles of such pattern shall be governed by the
aggregate value of the following articles in the quantities indicated, as determined by the appropriate customs officer under
section 402 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, whether or not such articles are imported in the same shipment:

12 plates of the size nearest to 26.7 cm in maximum dimension, sold or offered for sale,
12 plates of the size nearest to 15.3 cm in maximum dimension, sold or offered for sale,
12 tea cups and their saucers, sold or offered for sale,
12 soups of the size nearest to 17.8 cm in maximum dimension, sold or offered for sale,
12 fruits of the size nearest to 12.7 cm in maximum dimension, sold or offered for sale,
1 platter or chop dish of the size nearest to 38.1 cm in maximum dimension, sold or offered for sale,
1 open vegetable dish or bowl of the size nearest to 25.4 cm in maximum dimension, sold or offered

for sale,

1 sugar of largest capacity, sold or offered for sale,
1 creamer of largest capacity, sold or offered for sale.

If either soups or fruits are not sold or offered for sale, 12 cereals of the size nearest to 15.3 cm in maximum dimension, sold
or offered for sale, shall be substituted therefor.

(c) The percentage of water absorption of cast and jiggered ceramic articles of the same pattern, which are "available in specified
sets" and which are imported together in a ratio of at least 5 jiggered articles to 1 cast article in the same shipment shall be
the average water absorption of such cast and jiggered articles, of the same pattern in the shipment, which average absorption
shall be deemed to be equivalent to 5 percent of the water absorption of a representative sample of such cast articles plus
95 percent of the water absorption of a representative sample of such jiggered articles.

7.

For the purposes of headings 6911, 6912 and 6913, those provisions which classify merchandise according to the value of each
"article," an article is a single tariff entity which may consist of more than one piece. For example, a vegetable dish and its cover,
or a beverage pot and its lid, imported in the same shipment, constitute an article.

Statistical Notes

1.

For the purposes of headings 6904 and 6905, a "heat insulating" article, whether or not shaped, is one having a specific gravity
of 1.2 or less and designed to impede or resist the flow of heat at temperatures above 870°C.

2.

For the purposes of heading 6904:

(a) The term "solid bricks" refers to bricks containing not more than 25 percent voids.

(b) The term "hollow bricks" refers to bricks containing more than 25 percent voids.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
69-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

I. GOODS OF SILICEOUS FOSSIL MEALS OR OF SIMILAR
SILICEOUS EARTHS, AND REFRACTORY GOODS

6901.00.00

00

Bricks, blocks, tiles and other ceramic goods of siliceous fossil
meals (for example, kieselguhr, tripolite or diatomite) or of
similar siliceous earths.................................................................

t .................

Free1/

6902

6902.10

Refractory bricks, blocks, tiles and similar refractory ceramic
constructional goods, other than those of siliceous fossil meals
or similar siliceous earths:

Containing by weight, singly or together, more than 50
percent of the elements magnesium, calcium or chromium,
expressed as MgO, CaO or Cr2O3:

6902.10.10

00

Magnesite bricks.............................................................

thousands.
t

Free1/

6902.10.50
6902.20

00

6902.20.10

10

20

10

20

10

20

10

20

6902.20.50

6902.90
6902.90.10

6902.90.50

6903

Other.................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Containing by weight more than 50 percent of alumina
(Al2O3), of silica (SiO2) or of a mixture or compound of
these products:

Bricks................................................................................
Alumina......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Alumina......................................................................

..................
thousands
t

thousands
t
..................
t

Other..........................................................................

t

Other:

Bricks................................................................................
Clay............................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Clay............................................................................

..................
thousands
t

thousands
t
..................
t

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other refractory ceramic goods (for example, retorts, crucibles,
muffles, nozzles, plugs, supports, cupels, tubes, pipes,
sheaths, rods and slide gates), other than those of siliceous
fossil meals or of similar siliceous earths:

t

6903.10.00

00

Containing by weight more than 50 percent of free
carbon......................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6903.20.00

00

6903.90.00

10

50

Containing by weight more than 50 percent of alumina
(Al2O3) or of a mixture or compound of alumina and of silica
(SiO2).......................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other........................................................................................
Of clay...............................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

kg

30%

13%

30%

25%

30%

25%

30%

45%

30%2/

30%2/

XIII
69-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

II. OTHER CERAMIC PRODUCTS:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6904

Ceramic building bricks, flooring blocks, support or filler tiles
and the like:

6904.10.00

Building bricks........................................................................

..................

Free1/

Solid bricks:

Heat insulating..........................................................

thousands

Other..........................................................................

thousands

Hollow bricks:

Heat insulating..........................................................

thousands

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Roofing tiles, chimney pots, cowls, chimney liners, architectural
ornaments and other ceramic constructional goods:

thousands
thousands.

Free1/

m2..............

13.5%1/

6905.10.00

00

Roofing tiles............................................................................

10

20

30

40
00

6904.90.00
6905

6905.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

3.2%1/

6906.00.00

6907

6907.21

6907.21.10

10

50
00

05

11

51

Heat insulating.................................................................

No.

Other.................................................................................
Ceramic pipes, conduits, guttering and pipe fittings.................

No.
kg..............

Free1/

Ceramic flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles; ceramic mosaic
cubes and the like, whether or not on a backing; finishing
ceramics:

Flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles, other than those of
subheading 6907.30 and 6907.40:

Of a water absorption coefficient by weight not
exceeding 0.5%:

Unglazed...................................................................

..................

10%1/

Tiles, whether or not rectangular, the largest
surface area of which is capable of being
enclosed in a square the side of which is less
than 7 cm............................................................

Other:

Tiles, the largest surface area of which is
capable of being enclosed in a square the
side of which is 30 cm or less....................

Other.............................................................

m2

m2
m2

Free

30%

55%

30%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6907 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
69-5

Ceramic flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles; ceramic mosaic
cubes and the like, whether or not on a backing; finishing
ceramics: (con.)

Flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles, other than those of
subheading 6907.30 and 6907.40: (con.)

6907.21
(con.)

Of a water absorption coefficient by weight not
exceeding 0.5%: (con.)

Glazed:

6907.21.20

00

The largest surface area of which is capable
of being enclosed in a square the side of which
is less than 7 cm:

Having not over 3229 tiles per square
meter, most of which have faces bounded
entirely by straight lines..............................

m2..............

10%1/

6907.21.30

00

Other:

The largest surface area of which is
less than 38.7 cm2................................

m2..............

10%1/

6907.21.40

00

Other......................................................

m2..............

8.5%1/

6907.21.90

Other...................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

11

51

Tiles, the largest surface area of which is
capable of being enclosed in a square the
side of which is 30 cm or less....................

Other.............................................................

m2
m2

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

55%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
69-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6907 (con.)

6907.22

6907.22.10

Ceramic flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles; ceramic mosaic
cubes and the like, whether or not on a backing; finishing
ceramics: (con.)

Flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles, other than those of
subheading 6907.30 and 6907.40: (con.)

Of water absorption coefficient by weight exceeding
0.5 percent but not exceeding 10 percent:

Unglazed...................................................................

..................

10%1/

05

11

51

Tiles, whether or not rectangular, the largest
surface area of which is capable of being
enclosed in a square the side of which is less
than 7 cm............................................................

Other:

Tiles, the largest surface area of which is
capable of being enclosed in a square the
side of which is 30 cm or less....................

Other.............................................................

m2

m2
m2

6907.22.20

00

Glazed:

The largest surface area of which is capable
of being enclosed in a square the side of which
is less than 7 cm:

Having not over 3229 tiles per square
meter, most of which have faces bounded
entirely by straight lines..............................

m2..............

10%1/

6907.22.30

00

Other:

The largest surface area of which is
less than 38.7 cm2................................

m2..............

10%1/

6907.22.40

00

Other......................................................

m2..............

8.5%1/

6907.22.90

Other...................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

11

51

Tiles, the largest surface area of which is
capable of being enclosed in a square the
side of which is 30 cm or less....................

Other.............................................................

m2
m2

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

55%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
69-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6907 (con.)

6907.23

6907.23.10

Ceramic flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles; ceramic mosaic
cubes and the like, whether or not on a backing; finishing
ceramics: (con.)

Flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles, other than those of
subheading 6907.30 and 6907.40: (con.)

Of a water absorption coefficient by weight exceeding
10 percent:

Unglazed...................................................................

..................

10%1/

05

11

51

Tiles, whether or not rectangular, the largest
surface area of which is capable of being
enclosed in a square the side of which is less
than 7 cm............................................................

Other:

Tiles, the largest surface area of which is
capable of being enclosed in a square the
side of which is 30 cm or less....................

Other.............................................................

m2

m2
m2

6907.23.20

00

Glazed:

The largest surface area of which is capable
of being enclosed in a square the side of which
is less than 7 cm:

Having not over 3229 tiles per square
meter, most of which have faces bounded
entirely by straight lines..............................

m2..............

10%1/

6907.23.30

00

Other:

The largest surface area of which is
less than 38.7 cm2................................

m2..............

10%1/

6907.23.40

00

Other......................................................

m2..............

8.5%1/

6907.23.90

Other...................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

11

51

Tiles, the largest surface area of which is
capable of being enclosed in a square the
side of which is 30 cm or less....................

Other.............................................................

m2
m2

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

55%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XIII
69-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6907 (con.)

6907.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ceramic flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles; ceramic mosaic
cubes and the like, whether or not on a backing; finishing
ceramics: (con.)

Mosaic cubes and the like, other than those of subheading
6907.40:

6907.30.10

Unglazed..........................................................................

..................

10%1/

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

05

11

51

Cubes and the like, whether or not rectangular, the
largest surface area of which is capable of being
enclosed in a square the side of which is less than
7 cm............................................................................

Other:

Cubes and the like, the largest surface area
of which is capable of being enclosed in a
square the side of which is 30cm or less........

Other...................................................................

Glazed:

The largest surface area of which is capable of
being enclosed in a square the side of which is
less than 7 cm:

m2

m2
m2

6907.30.20

00

Having not over 3229 cubes per square meter,
most of which have straight lines.....................

m2..............

10%1/

6907.30.30

00

The largest surface area of which is less
than 38.7 cm2...............................................

m2..............

10%1/

Other:

6907.30.40

00

Other.............................................................

m2..............

8.5%1/

6907.30.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

11

51

Cubes and the like, the largest surface area
of which is capable of being enclosed in a
square the side of which is 30 cm or less.......

Other...................................................................

m2
m2

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

55%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
69-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6907 (con.)

6907.40
6907.40.10

Ceramic flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles; ceramic mosaic
cubes and the like, whether or not on a backing; finishing
ceramics: (con.)

Finishing ceramics:

Unglazed..........................................................................

..................

10%1/

05

11

51

Finishing ceramics, whether or not rectangular,
the largest surface area of which is capable of
being enclosed in a square the side of which is
less than 7 cm:..........................................................

Other:

Finishing ceramics, the largest surface area
of which is capable of being enclosed in a
square the side of which is 30 cm or less.......

Other...................................................................

m2

m2
m2

6907.40.20

00

Glazed:

The largest surface area of which is capable of
being enclosed in a square the side of which is
less than 7 cm:

Having not over 3229 finishing ceramics per
square meter, most of which have faces
bounded entirely by straight lines....................

m2..............

10%1/

6907.40.30

00

The largest surface area of which is less
than 38.7 cm2...............................................

m2..............

10%1/

Other:

6907.40.40

00

Other.............................................................

m2..............

8.5%1/

6907.40.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

8.5%1/

11

51

Finishing ceramics, the largest surface area
of which is capable of being enclosed in a
square the side of which is 30 cm or less.......

Other...................................................................

m2
m2

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

55%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
69-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6909

6909.11
6909.11.20

00

6909.11.40

00

Ceramic wares for laboratory, chemical or other technical uses;
ceramic troughs, tubs and similar receptacles of a kind used
in agriculture; ceramic pots, jars and similar articles of a kind
used for the conveyance or packing of goods:

Ceramic wares for laboratory, chemical or other technical
uses:

Of porcelain or china:

Machinery parts3/......................................................

No.............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.5%1/

6909.12.00

00

Articles having a hardness equivalent to 9 or more on
the Mohs scale.................................................................

No.............

4%1/

6909.19
6909.19.10

00

Other:

Ferrite core memories..............................................

No.............

6909.19.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

4%1/

10

95
00

6909.90.00

Ceramic bearings...............................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
No.............

4%1/

6910

Ceramic sinks, washbasins, washbasin pedestals, baths,
bidets, water closet bowls, flush tanks, urinals and similar
sanitary fixtures:

6910.10.00

Of porcelain or china..............................................................

..................

5.8%

05

10

15

20

30

50
00

6910.90.00

Water closet bowls, flushometer type...........................

Water closet bowls with tanks, in one piece................

Flush tanks.......................................................................

Other water closet bowls................................................

Sinks and lavatories........................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
No.............

5.7%4/

40%

60%

45%

35%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
69-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6911

6911.10
6911.10.10

00

Tableware, kitchenware, other household articles and toilet
articles, of porcelain or china:

Tableware and kitchenware:

Hotel or restaurant ware and other ware not household
ware..................................................................................

Dz Pcs......

25%4/

Other:

Of bone chinaware:

6911.10.15

00

Valued not over $31.50 per dozen pieces......

Dz Pcs......

8%

6911.10.25

00

Other...................................................................

Dz Pcs......

6%4/

Other:

Available in specified sets:

6911.10.35

In any pattern for which the aggregate
value of the articles listed in additional U.S.
note 6(b) of this chapter is not over $56....

..................

26%4/

10

50

Plates not over 27.9 cm in maximum
dimension; teacups and saucers;
mugs; soups, fruits and cereals, the
foregoing not over 22.9 cm in
maximum dimension............................

Dz Pcs

Other......................................................

Dz Pcs

75%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75%

75%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XIII
69-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6911 (con.)

6911.10
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tableware, kitchenware, other household articles and toilet
articles, of porcelain or china: (con.)

Tableware and kitchenware: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Available in specified sets: (con.)

In any pattern for which the aggregate
value of the articles listed in additional U.S.
note 6(b) of this chapter is over $56:

6911.10.37

Aggregate value not over $200..........

..................

8%4/

6911.10.38

10

50

10

50

Plates not over 27.9 cm in
maximum dimension, teacups and
saucers; mugs; soups, fruits and
cereals, the foregoing not over
22.9 cm in maximum
dimension.......................................

Dz Pcs

Other...............................................
Aggregate value over $200.................

Dz Pcs
..................

6%4/

Plates not over 27.9 cm in
maximum dimension; teacups and
saucers; mugs; soups, fruits and
cereals, the foregoing not over
22.9 cm in maximum
dimension.......................................

Dz Pcs

Other...............................................

Dz Pcs

75%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
69-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6911 (con.)

6911.10
(con.)

6911.10.41

00

Tableware, kitchenware, other household articles and toilet
articles, of porcelain or china: (con.)

Tableware and kitchenware: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Steins with permanently attached pewter
lids, candy boxes, decanters, punch bowls,
pretzel dishes, tidbit dishes, tiered servers,
bonbon dishes, egg cups, spoons and
spoon rests, oil and vinegar sets, tumblers
and salt and pepper shaker sets...............

Dz Pcs......

6.3%

6911.10.45

00

Mugs and other steins................................

Dz Pcs......

14%

70%

70%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6911.10.52

00

Cups valued over $8 but not over $29 per
dozen; saucers valued over $5.25 but not
over $18.75 per dozen; soups, oatmeals
and cereals valued over $9.30 but not over
$33 per dozen; plates not over 22.9 cm in
maximum diameter and valued over $8.50
but not over $31 per dozen; plates over
22.9 but not over 27.9 cm in maximum
diameter and valued over $11.50 but not
over $41 per dozen; platters or chop
dishes valued over $40 but not over $143
per dozen; sugars valued over $23 but not
over $85 per dozen; creamers valued over
$20 but not over $75 per dozen; and
beverage servers valued over $50 but not
over $180 per dozen...................................

Dz Pcs......

8%4/

75%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
69-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6911 (con.)

6911.10
(con.)

6911.10.58

00

Tableware, kitchenware, other household articles and toilet
articles, of porcelain or china: (con.)

Tableware and kitchenware: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Cups valued over $29 per dozen; saucers
valued over $18.75 per dozen; soups,
oatmeals and cereals valued over $33 per
dozen; plates not over 22.9 cm in
maximum diameter and valued over $31
per dozen; plates over 22.9 but not over
27.9 cm in maximum diameter and valued
over $41 per dozen; platters or chop
dishes valued over $143 per dozen; sugars
valued over $85 per dozen; creamers
valued over $75 per dozen; and beverage
servers valued over $180 per dozen........

Dz Pcs......

6%4/

6911.10.60

00

Serviette rings.............................................

Dz Pcs......

20.8%4/

6911.10.80

Other.............................................................

..................

20.8%4/

6911.90.00

10

90

10

50

Suitable for food or drink contact.......

Dz Pcs

Other......................................................
Other........................................................................................

Dz Pcs
..................

5.4%4/

Toilet articles....................................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

75%

75%

75%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

70%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
69-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6912.00

6912.00.10

00

Ceramic tableware, kitchenware, other household articles and
toilet articles, other than of porcelain or china:

Tableware and kitchenware:

Of coarse-grained earthenware, or of coarse- grained
stoneware; of fine-grained earthenware, whether or
not decorated, having a reddish-colored body and a
lustrous glaze which, on teapots, may be any color,
but which, on other articles, must be mottled, streaked
or solidly colored brown to black with metallic oxide or
salt.....................................................................................

Dz Pcs......

0.7%4/

Other:

6912.00.20

00

Hotel or restaurant ware and other ware not
household ware.........................................................

Dz Pcs......

28%

Other:

Available in specified sets:

6912.00.35

In any pattern for which the aggregate
value of the articles listed in additional U.S.
note 6(b) of this chapter is not over $38....

..................

9.8%

6912.00.39

10

50

10

50

Plates not over 27.9 cm in maximum
dimension; teacups and saucers;
mugs; soups, fruits and cereals, the
foregoing not over 22.9 cm in
maximum dimension............................

Dz Pcs

Other......................................................

Dz Pcs

In any pattern for which the aggregate
value of the articles listed in additional U.S.
note 6(b) of this chapter is over $38.........

..................

4.5%

Plates not over 27.9 cm in maximum
dimension; teacups and saucers;
mugs; soups, fruits and cereals, the
foregoing not over 22.9 cm in
maximum dimension............................

Dz Pcs

Other......................................................

Dz Pcs

25%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
69-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

6912.00
(con.)

Ceramic tableware, kitchenware, other household articles and
toilet articles, other than of porcelain or china: (con.)

Tableware and kitchenware: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

6912.00.41

00

Steins with permanently attached pewter
lids; candy boxes, decanters, punch bowls,
pretzel dishes, tidbit dishes, tiered servers,
bonbon dishes, egg cups, spoons and
spoon rests, oil and vinegar sets, tumblers
and salt and pepper shaker sets...............

Dz Pcs......

3.9%

6912.00.44

00

Mugs and other steins................................

Dz Pcs......

10%

6912.00.45

00

Cups valued over $5.25 per dozen;
saucers valued over $3 per dozen; soups,
oatmeals and cereals valued over $6 per
dozen; plates not over 22.9 cm in
maximum diameter and valued over $6
per dozen; plates over 22.9 but not over
27.9 cm in maximum diameter and valued
over $8.50 per dozen; platters or chop
dishes valued over $35 per dozen; sugars
valued over $21 per dozen; creamers
valued over $15 per dozen; and beverage
servers valued over $42 per dozen...........

Dz Pcs......

4.5%

6912.00.46

00

Serviette rings.............................................

Dz Pcs......

9.8%

6912.00.48

Other.............................................................

..................

9.8%

10

90
00

6912.00.50

Suitable for food or drink contact.......

Dz Pcs

Other......................................................
Other........................................................................................

Dz Pcs
Dz Pcs......

6%

55%

55%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

55%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
69-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

6913
6913.10
6913.10.10

00

Statuettes and other ornamental ceramic articles:

Of porcelain or china:

Statues, statuettes and handmade flowers, valued
over $2.50 each and produced by professional
sculptors or directly from molds made from original
models produced by professional sculptors.................

Other:

Dz Pcs......

Free4/

6913.10.20

00

Of bone chinaware...................................................

Dz Pcs......

3.3%4/

6913.10.50
6913.90
6913.90.10

00

00

6913.90.20

00

6913.90.30

00

Other..........................................................................

Dz Pcs......

Free4/

Other:

Statues, statuettes and handmade flowers, valued
over $2.50 each and produced by professional
sculptors or directly from molds made from original
models produced by professional sculptors.................

Other:

Dz Pcs......

Free4/

Of ceramic tile...........................................................

Dz Pcs......

Free4/

Of earthenware, whether or not decorated, having
a reddish-colored body and a lustrous glaze, and
mottled, streaked or solidly colored brown to black
with metallic oxide or salt.........................................

Dz Pcs......

Free4/

6913.90.50

00

Other..........................................................................

Dz Pcs......

6%4/

6914
6914.10
6914.10.40

00

Other ceramic articles:

Of porcelain or china:

Ceramic ferrules of porcelain or china, not exceeding
3 mm in diameter or 25 mm in length, having a fiber
channel opening and/or ceramic mating sleeves of
alumina or zirconia..........................................................

Dz Pcs......

Free1/

6914.10.80

00

Other.................................................................................

Dz Pcs......

9%1/

6914.90
6914.90.41

00

Other:

Ceramic ferrules of alumina or zirconia, not exceeding
3 mm in diameter or 25 mm in length, having a fiber
channel opening and/or ceramic mating sleeves of
alumina or zirconia..........................................................

Dz Pcs......

Free1/

6914.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

Dz Pcs......

5.6%1/

20%2/

70%

70%

20%

50%

25%

51.5%

60%

60%

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
Endnotes--page 69 - 18
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.69.
4/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 70

GLASS AND GLASSWARE

XIII
70-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Goods of heading 3207 (for example, vitrifiable enamels and glazes, glass frit, other glass in the form of powder, granules

or flakes);

(b) Articles of chapter 71 (for example, imitation jewelry);

(c) Optical fiber cables of heading 8544, electrical insulators (heading 8546) or fittings of insulating material of heading 8547;

(d) Front windscreens (windshields), rear windows and other windows, framed, for vehicles of chapters 86 to 88;

(e) Front windscreens (windshields), rear windows and other windows, whether or not framed, incorporating heating devices or

other electrical or electronic devices, for vehicles of chapters 86 to 88;

(f) Optical fibers, optically worked optical elements, hypodermic syringes, artificial eyes, thermometers, barometers, hydrometers

or other articles of chapter 90;

(g) Luminaires or lighting fittings, illuminated signs, illuminated name-plates or the like, having a permanently fixed light source,

or parts thereof of heading 9405;

(h) Toys, games, sports equipment, Christmas tree ornaments or other articles of chapter 95 (excluding glass eyes without

mechanisms for dolls or for other articles of chapter 95); or

(ij) Buttons, fitted vacuum flasks, scent or similar sprays or other articles of chapter 96.

2.

For the purposes of headings 7003, 7004 and 7005:

(a) Glass is not regarded as "worked" by reason of any process it has undergone before annealing;

(b) Cutting to shape does not affect the classification of glass in sheets;

(c) The expression "absorbent, reflecting or non-reflecting layer" means a microscopically thin coating of metal or of a chemical

compound (for example, metal oxide) which absorbs, for example, infrared light; or which improves the reflecting qualities
of the glass while still allowing it to retain a degree of transparency or translucency; or which prevents light from being
reflected on the surface of the glass.

The products referred to in heading 7006 remain classified in that heading whether or not they have the character of articles.

For the purposes of heading 7019, the expression "glass wool" means:

(a) Mineral wools with a silica (SiO 2) content not less than 60 percent by weight;

3.

4.

(b) Mineral wools with a silica (SiO 2 ) content less than 60 percent but with an alkaline oxide (K 2 O or Na 2 O) content exceeding

5 percent by weight or a borix oxide (B 2O 3 ) content exceeding 2 percent by weight.

Mineral wools which do not comply with the above specifications fall in heading 6806.

5.

Throughout the tariff schedule, the expression "glass" includes fused quartz and other fused silica.

Subheading Note

1.

For the purposes of subheadings 7013.22, 7013.33, 7013.41 and 7013.91, the expression "lead crystal" means only glass having
a minimum lead monoxide (PbO) content by weight of 24 percent.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
70-2
Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "fused quartz or other fused silica" means glass containing more than 95 percent silica
by weight.

For the purposes of headings 7003 through 7005, the expression "colored throughout the mass" refers to glass that has a
transmittance of normally incident light of less than 66 percent at one or more wavelengths from 400 to 700 millimicrons, inclusive,
or a transmittance of less than 80 percent at one or more wavelengths from 525 to 575 millimicrons, inclusive, for glass 6 mm
in thickness, or of the equivalent transmittances for any other thickness, provided that, in determining such light transmittances,
the effect of surface irregularities or configurations, or of other surface treatment (except flashing applied prior to solidification)
and the effect of wire netting within the glass, shall be eliminated.

3.

For the purposes of headings 7003 and 7004, glass of the same size and thickness imported in any shipment in quantities over
4.6 m2 shall be denied entry unless it is--

(a) Packed in units containing, as nearly as the particular size permits, 4.6 m2, or multiples thereof; or

(b) Packed in units containing multiples of the number of sheets of the same size and thickness which would be contained in a

unit if packed to contain, as nearly as such size permits, 4.6 or 9.3 m2; or

(c) Otherwise packed in a manner which conforms to the packing practices of the domestic glass industry as determined and

published from time to time by the Secretary of the Treasury.

4.

5.

For the purposes of heading 7005, the expression "polished," as used with reference to glass, refers to glass one or both of the
surfaces of which have been made smooth and glossy, in whole or in part, by abrasive or chemical means or by floating the
glass over molten metal.

For the purposes of subheading 7018.10.20, the term "imitation precious or semiprecious stones" means glass made into shapes
suitable for use in jewelry or for other ornamental purposes in a manner similar to natural gemstones, whether or not in imitation
thereof, but does not include natural gemstones, synthetic gemstones, reconstructed natural gemstones or imitation pearls.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of headings 7003 and 7004, in determining the surface area of cast or rolled glass having irregular surfaces
(such as corrugated glass), superficial area shall be used.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 7009.91.5091 and 7009.92.5091, “over-the-door mirrors” means mirrors designed
to be affixed to a door or hung from the top of a door by means of hooks which are either attached to or packaged with such
mirrors at the time of importation. Brackets or other hardware may also be attached to these mirrors or included in the packaging.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7001.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-3

Cullet and other waste and scrap of glass, excluding glass
from cathode-ray tubes or other activated glass of heading
8549; glass in the mass:
Glass in the mass:

7002

7002.10
7002.10.10

00

7002.10.20
7002.20
7002.20.10

00

00

7001.00.10

00

Of fused quartz or other fused silica.............................

kg..............

7001.00.20

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3%1/

7001.00.51

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Glass in balls (other than microspheres of heading 7018), rods
or tubes, unworked:

Balls:

Not over 6 mm in diameter.............................................

kg..............

3.9%1/

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Rods:

Of fused quartz or other fused silica.............................

kg..............

Free1/

Free2/

6%1/

7002.20.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Tubes:

7002.31.00

00

Of fused quartz or other fused silica.............................

kg..............

Free1/

7002.32.00

00

Of other glass having a linear coefficient of expansion
not exceeding 5 x 10-6 per Kelvin within a temperature
range of 0˚C to 300˚C.....................................................

kg..............

6%1/

7002.39.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

6%1/

10

90

Of a length not exceeding 200 mm.........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

kg

30%

50%

10%

60%

55%

40%

65%

40%

65%

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XIII
70-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7003

7003.12.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cast glass and rolled glass, in sheets or profiles, whether or
not having an absorbent, reflecting or non-reflecting layer, but
not otherwise worked:
Nonwired sheets:

Colored throughout the mass (body tinted), opacified,
flashed or having an absorbent, reflecting or
non-reflecting layer..........................................................

m2..............

1.4%1/

7003.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

m2..............

1.3%1/

7003.20.00

00

Wired sheets...........................................................................

m2..............

1.1%1/

7003.30.00

00

Profiles.....................................................................................

m2..............

6.3%1/

7004

7004.20

Drawn glass and blown glass, in sheets, whether or not having
an absorbent, reflecting or non-reflecting layer, but not
otherwise worked:

Glass, colored throughout the mass (body tinted),
opacified, flashed or having an absorbent, reflecting or
non-reflecting layer:

7004.20.10

00

Having an absorbent, reflecting or non-reflecting
layer..................................................................................

m2..............

Free1/

7004.20.20

In rectangular shape................................................

..................

1¢/kg + 1.6%1/

Other:

10

20

Measuring less than 5 mm in thickness..........

Measuring 5 mm and over in thickness...........

7004.20.50

00

Other..........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2..............

7.2%1/

12%

21%

21%

60%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

6.2¢/kg + 5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-5

Drawn glass and blown glass, in sheets, whether or not having
an absorbent, reflecting or non-reflecting layer, but not
otherwise worked: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7004 (con.)

7004.90

Other glass:

In rectangular shape:

7004.90.05

00

Measuring not over 1.5 mm in thickness:

Measuring not over 0.26 m2 in area.................

7004.90.10

00

Measuring over 0.26 m2 in area.......................

7004.90.15

00

Measuring over 1.5 but not over 2 mm in thickness:
Measuring not over 0.26 m2 in area.................

7004.90.20

00

Measuring over 0.26 m2 in area.......................

m2..............
kg

m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

m2..............
kg

m2..............
kg

Free1/

Free1/

7004.90.25

Measuring over 2 but not over 3.5 mm in
thickness....................................................................

..................

0.7¢/kg1/

3.3¢/kg

4.2¢/kg

4.6¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

5.3¢/kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7004.90.30

10

20

50

10

20

50

Measuring not over 0.26 m2 in area.................

Measuring over 0.26 but not over 0.58 m2 in
area.....................................................................

Measuring over 0.58 m2 in area.......................

Measuring over 3.5 mm in thickness:

Measuring not over 0.65 m2 in area.................
Measuring not over 0.26 m2 in area:

Measuring over 3.5 but not over 5 mm
in thickness...........................................

Measuring over 5 mm in thickness......

Measuring over 0.26 but not over 0.65 m2
in area...........................................................

7004.90.40

00

Measuring over 0.65 m2 in area.......................

7004.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

m2
kg

m2
kg

m2
kg

..................

Free1/

3.3¢/kg

m2
kg
m2
kg

m2
kg
m2..............
kg
m2..............

Free1/

5%1/

5.3¢/kg

60%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7005

7005.10

7005.10.40

00

Float glass and surface ground or polished glass, in sheets,
whether or not having an absorbent, reflecting or non-reflecting
layer, but not otherwise worked:

Nonwired glass, having an absorbent, reflecting or
non-reflecting layer:

Suitable for use in liquid crystal displays, measuring
not over 1.2 mm in thickness and not over 0.8 m2 in
area...................................................................................

7005.10.80

00

Other.................................................................................

m2..............
m2..............

Free1/
4.4%1/

60%

60%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7005.21

7005.21.10

Other nonwired glass:

Colored throughout the mass (body tinted), opacified,
flashed or merely surface ground:

Measuring less than 10 mm in thickness...............

..................

14.5¢/m2+ 0.4%1/

10

30

7005.21.20

00

Measuring less than 5 mm in thickness..........

m2

Measuring 5 mm or more but less than 10 mm
in thickness.........................................................
Measuring 10 mm or more in thickness.................

m2
m2..............

5.6%1/

$2.13/m2 + 5%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7005 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-7

Float glass and surface ground or polished glass, in sheets,
whether or not having an absorbent, reflecting or non-reflecting
layer, but not otherwise worked: (con.)
Other nonwired glass: (con.)

7005.29

Other:

7005.29.04

7005.29.08

7005.29.14

7005.29.18

10

50

10

50

10

50

10

50

7005.29.25

00

Measuring less than 10 mm in thickness:
Measuring not over 0.65 m in area:
Suitable for use in liquid crystal
displays........................................................
Measuring not over 0.26 m2 in area....

..................
m2

Free1/

Measuring over 0.26 m2 but not over
0.65 m2 in area......................................
Other.............................................................

m2
..................

18.7¢/m21/

$1.35/m2

$1.35/m2

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Measuring not over 0.26 m2 in area....

m2

Measuring over 0.26 m2 but not over
0.65 m2 in area......................................

m2

Measuring over 0.65 m2 in area:

Suitable for use in liquid crystal displays,
measuring not over 0.8 m2 in area............

..................

Free1/

$2.13/m2

Measuring less than 5 mm in
thickness...............................................

m2

Measuring 5 mm or more but less than
10 mm in thickness..............................
Other.............................................................

m2
..................

14.5¢/m21/

Measuring less than 5 mm in
thickness...............................................

m2

Measuring 5 mm or more but less than
10 mm in thickness..............................
Measuring 10 mm or more in thickness.................

m2
m2..............

4.9%1/

$2.13/m2

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

$2.48/m2

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7005.30.00

00

Wired glass.............................................................................

m2..............

29.1¢/m21/

XIII
70-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7006.00

7006.00.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Glass of heading 7003, 7004 or 7005, bent, edge-worked,
engraved, drilled, enameled or otherwise worked, but not
framed or fitted with other materials:

Strips not over 15.2 cm in width, measuring over 2 mm in
thickness, and having all longitudinal edges ground or
otherwise smoothed or processed.......................................

m2..............

8.8%1/

Other:

7006.00.20

00

Glass, drawn or blown and not containing wire netting
and not surface ground or polished...............................

m2..............

6.4%1/

7006.00.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

4.9%1/

10

50

Having an absorbent or reflecting layer.................

Other..........................................................................

m2
m2

53%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7007

7007.11.00

10

90
00

10

90
00

7007.19.00

7007.21

7007.21.11

7007.21.51

Safety glass, consisting of toughened (tempered) or laminated
glass:

Toughened (tempered) safety glass:

Of size and shape suitable for incorporation in vehicles,
aircraft, spacecraft or vessels........................................

..................

5.5%1/

For motor vehicles of chapter 87............................

Other..........................................................................
Other3/...............................................................................

m2
m2
m2..............

5%1/

Laminated safety glass:

Of size and shape suitable for incorporation in vehicles,
aircraft, spacecraft or vessels:

Windshields...............................................................

..................

4.9%1/

For motor vehicles of chapter 87.....................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

m2
m2
m2..............

4.9%1/

7007.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

m2..............

4.9%1/

7008.00.00

00

Multiple-walled insulating units of glass.....................................

No.............

3.9%1/

50%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

50%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
70-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7009

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Glass mirrors, whether or not framed, including rear-view
mirrors:

7009.10.00

00

Rear-view mirrors for vehicles3/............................................

No.............

3.9%1/

7009.91
7009.91.10

7009.91.50

10

90

10

91

95

Other:

Unframed:

Not over 929 cm2 in reflecting area........................

..................

7.8%1/

Containing LED or fluorescent lighting............

Other...................................................................

Over 929 cm2 in reflecting area..............................

cm2
No.
cm2
No.
..................

6.5%1/

Containing LED or fluorescent lighting............

Other:

Over-the-door mirrors of a kind described
in statistical note 2 to this chapter.............

Other.............................................................

cm2
No.

cm2
No.
cm2
No.

50%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.25% (JP)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-11

2

Glass mirrors, whether or not framed, including rear-view
mirrors: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Framed:

Not over 929 cm2 in reflecting area........................

..................

7.8%1/

Containing LED or fluorescent lighting............

Other...................................................................

Over 929 cm2 in reflecting area..............................

cm2
No.
cm2
No.
..................

6.5%1/

Containing LED or fluorescent lighting............

Other:

Over-the-door mirrors of a kind described
in statistical note 2 to this chapter.............

Other.............................................................

cm2
No.

cm2
No.
cm2
No.

50%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.25% (JP)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7009 (con.)

7009.92
7009.92.10

7009.92.50

10

90

10

91

95

XIII
70-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7010

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Carboys, bottles, flasks, jars, pots, vials, ampoules and other
containers, of glass, of a kind used for the conveyance or
packing of goods; preserving jars of glass; stoppers, lids and
other closures, of glass:

7010.10.00

00

Ampoules................................................................................

gross.........

7010.20
7010.20.20

00

Stoppers, lids and other closures:

Produced by automatic machine...................................

gross.........

Free1/

2.5%1/

7010.20.30

00

Other.................................................................................

gross.........

5.2%1/

7010.90
7010.90.05

10

20

30

40

Other:

Serum bottles, vials and other pharmaceutical
containers.........................................................................
Of a capacity exceeding 1 liter................................

..................
gross

Free1/

Of a capacity exceeding 0.33 liter but not
exceeding 1 liter........................................................

gross

Of a capacity exceeding 0.15 liter but not
exceeding 0.33 liter..................................................

gross

Of a capacity not exceeding 0.15 liter....................

gross

Containers (with or without their closures) of a kind
used for the conveyance or packing of perfume or other
toilet preparations; other containers if fitted with or
designed for use with ground glass stoppers:

7010.90.20

Produced by automatic machine............................

..................

2.5%1/

7010.90.30

10

20

30

40

10

20

30

40

Of a capacity exceeding 1 liter.........................

gross

Of a capacity exceeding 0.33 liter but not
exceeding 1 liter.................................................

gross

Of a capacity exceeding 0.15 liter but not
exceeding 0.33 liter...........................................

gross

Of a capacity not exceeding 0.15 liter.............
Other..........................................................................

gross
..................

5.2%1/

Of a capacity exceeding 1 liter.........................

gross

Of a capacity exceeding 0.33 liter but not
exceeding 1 liter.................................................

gross

Of a capacity exceeding 0.15 liter but not
exceeding 0.33 liter...........................................

gross

Of a capacity not exceeding 0.15 liter.............

gross

50¢/gross

25%

75%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50¢/gross

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

75%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-13

2

Carboys, bottles, flasks, jars, pots, vials, ampoules and other
containers, of glass, of a kind used for the conveyance or
packing of goods; preserving jars of glass; stoppers, lids and
other closures, of glass: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other containers (with or without their closures).........

..................

Free1/

4.9%4/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7010 (con.)

7010.90
(con.)
7010.90.50

05

09

15

19

25

29

35

39

45

49
55

Of a capacity exceeding 1 liter:

Having a mouth with an outer diameter of
38 mm or more...................................................

gross

Other...................................................................

gross

Of a capacity exceeding 0.473 liter but not
exceeding 1 liter:

Having a mouth with an outer diameter of
38 mm or more...................................................

gross

Other...................................................................

gross

Of a capacity exceeding 0.33 liter but not
exceeding 0.473 liter:

Having a mouth with an outer diameter of
38 mm or more...................................................

gross

Other...................................................................

gross

Of a capacity exceeding 0.15 liter but not
exceeding 0.33 liter:

Having a mouth with an outer diameter of
38 mm or more...................................................

gross

Other...................................................................

gross

Of a capacity exceeding 0.118 liter but not
exceeding 0.15 liter:

Having a mouth with an outer diameter of
38 mm or more...................................................

gross

Other...................................................................
Of a capacity not exceeding 0.118 liter..................

gross
gross

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7011

7011.10
7011.10.10

00

Glass envelopes (including bulbs and tubes), open, and glass
parts thereof, without fittings, for electric lamps and light
sources, cathode-ray tubes or the like:

For electric lighting:

Bulbs for incandescent lamps........................................

hundreds...

7011.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

hundreds...

Free1/

4.6%1/

7011.20
7011.20.10

00

For cathode-ray tubes:

Cones................................................................................

hundreds...

5.2%1/

7011.20.45

00

Other:

Monochrome glass envelopes, the foregoing
certified by the importer as being for actual use in
automatic data processing machine data or graphic
display cathode ray tubes........................................

hundreds...

Free1/

7011.20.85

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.2%1/

Front panels for cathode-ray television picture
tubes, including video monitor tubes, color,
non-projection:

With greatest diagonal measurement not
exceeding 50 cm.........................................

hundreds

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other........................................................................................

hundreds
hundreds
hundreds...

6.6%1/

10

25
40
00

7011.90.00

20%

55%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

55%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7013

7013.10
7013.10.10

00

Glassware of a kind used for table, kitchen, toilet, office, indoor
decoration or similar purposes (other than that of heading 7010
or 7018):

Of glass-ceramics:

Kitchenware, non-glazed, greater than 75 percent by
volume crystalline, of lithium aluminosilicate, having a
linear coefficient of expansion not exceeding 10 x 10-7
per Kelvin within a temperature range of 0˚C to 300˚C,
transparent, haze-free, exhibiting transmittances of
infrared radiations in excess of 75 percent at a
wavelength of 2.5 microns when measured on a
sample 3 mm in thickness, and containing β-quartz
solid solution as the predominant crystal phase..........

No.............

6.9%5/

7013.10.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

26%5/

7013.22
7013.22.10

00

Stemware drinking glasses, other than of glass-ceramics:

Of lead crystal:

Valued not over $1 each..........................................

No.............

15%5/

7013.22.20

00

Valued over $1 but not over $3 each.....................

No.............

14%5/

7013.22.30

00

Valued over $3 but not over $5 each.....................

No.............

7.3%5/

7013.22.50

00

Valued over $5 each................................................

No.............

3%5/

75%

75%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XIII
70-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7013 (con.)

7013.28
7013.28.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Glassware of a kind used for table, kitchen, toilet, office, indoor
decoration or similar purposes (other than that of heading 7010
or 7018): (con.)

Stemware drinking glasses, other than of glass-ceramics:
(con.)

Other:

Pressed and toughened (specially tempered)......

No.............

12.5%5/

7013.28.10

00

Valued not over $0.30 each..............................

No.............

28.5%5/

Other:

7013.28.20

Valued over $0.30 but not over $3 each.........

..................

22.5%5/

10

90

Crystalline or non-lead crystal...................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Valued over $3 each:
Cut or engraved

7013.28.30

00

Valued over $3 but not over $5
each.......................................................

No.............

11.3%5/

7013.28.40

00

Valued over $5 each............................

No.............

5%5/

7013.28.50

7013.28.60

10

90

10

90

Other:

Valued over $3 but not over $5
each.......................................................

..................

7.5%5/

Crystalline or non-lead crystal......

No.

Other...............................................
Valued over $5 each............................

No.
..................

5%5/

Crystalline or non-lead crystal......

No.

Other...............................................

No.

50%

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7013 (con.)

7013.33
7013.33.10

00

Glassware of a kind used for table, kitchen, toilet, office, indoor
decoration or similar purposes (other than that of heading 7010
or 7018): (con.)

Other drinking glasses, other than of glass-ceramics:

Of lead crystal:

Valued not over $1 each..........................................

No.............

15%5/

7013.33.20

00

Valued over $1 but not over $3 each.....................

No.............

14%5/

7013.33.30

00

Valued over $3 but not over $5 each.....................

No.............

7.3%5/

7013.33.50

00

Valued over $5 each................................................

No.............

3%5/

60%

60%

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XIII
70-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7013 (con.)

7013.37
7013.37.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Glassware of a kind used for table, kitchen, toilet, office, indoor
decoration or similar purposes (other than that of heading 7010
or 7018): (con.)

Other drinking glasses, other than of glass-ceramics: (con.)

Other:

Pressed and toughened (specially tempered)......

No.............

12.5%5/

7013.37.10

01

Valued not over $0.30 each..............................

No.............

28.5%5/

Other:

7013.37.20

Valued over $0.30 but not over $3 each.........

..................

22.5%5/

10

90

Crystalline or non-lead crystal...................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Valued over $3 each:
Cut or engraved:

7013.37.30

00

Valued over $3 but not over $5
each.......................................................

No.............

11.3%5/

7013.37.40

00

Valued over $5 each............................

No.............

5%5/

7013.37.50

7013.37.60

10

90

10

90

Other:

Valued over $3 but not over $5
each.......................................................

..................

7.5%5/

Crystalline or non-lead crystal......

No.

Other...............................................
Valued over $5 each............................

No.
..................

5%5/

Crystalline or non-lead crystal......

No.

Other...............................................

No.

50%

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7013 (con.)

7013.41
7013.41.10

00

Glassware of a kind used for table, kitchen, toilet, office, indoor
decoration or similar purposes (other than that of heading 7010
or 7018): (con.)

Glassware of a kind used for table (other than drinking
glasses) or kitchen purposes, other than of glass-ceramics:

Of lead crystal:

Valued not over $1 each..........................................

No.............

15%5/

7013.41.20

00

Valued over $1 but not over $3 each.....................

No.............

14%5/

7013.41.30

00

Valued over $3 but not over $5 each.....................

No.............

10.5%5/

7013.41.50

00

Valued over $5 each................................................

No.............

3%5/

7013.42

Of glass having a linear coefficient of expansion not
exceeding 5 x 10-6 per Kelvin within a temperature
range of 0˚C to 300˚C:

7013.42.10

00

Pressed and toughened (specially tempered)......

No.............

12.5%

7013.42.20

00

Valued not over $3 each...................................

No.............

22.5%5/

Other:

7013.42.30

00

Valued over $3 but not over $5 each...............

No.............

11.3%

7013.42.40

00

Valued over $5 each..........................................

No.............

7.2%5/

60%

60%

60%

60%

50%

60%

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7013 (con.)

7013.49
7013.49.10

00

Glassware of a kind used for table, kitchen, toilet, office, indoor
decoration or similar purposes (other than that of heading 7010
or 7018): (con.)

Glassware of a kind used for table (other than drinking
glasses) or kitchen purposes, other than of glass-ceramics:
(con.)

Other:

Pressed and toughened (specially tempered)......

No.............

12.5%5/

7013.49.20

Valued not over $3 each...................................

..................

22.5%5/

Other:

10

90

Crystalline or non-lead crystal...................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Valued over $3 each:
Cut or engraved:

7013.49.30

00

Valued over $3 but not over $5
each.......................................................

No.............

11.3%5/

7013.49.40

00

Valued over $5 each............................

No.............

7.2%5/

7013.49.50

7013.49.60

10

90

10

90

Other:

Valued over $3 but not over $5
each.......................................................

..................

15%

Crystalline or non-lead crystal......

No.

Other...............................................
Valued over $5 each............................

No.
..................

7.2%5/

Crystalline or non-lead crystal......

No.

Other...............................................

No.

50%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-21

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7013 (con.)

7013.91
7013.91.10

00

Glassware of a kind used for table, kitchen, toilet, office, indoor
decoration or similar purposes (other than that of heading 7010
or 7018): (con.)

Other glassware:

Of lead crystal:

Valued not over $1 each..........................................

No.............

20%

7013.91.20

00

Valued over $1 but not over $3 each.....................

No.............

14%

7013.91.30

00

Valued over $3 but not over $5 each.....................

No.............

10.5%5/

7013.91.50

00

Valued over $5 each................................................

No.............

6%5/

7013.99
7013.99.10

00

Other:

Glassware decorated with metal flecking, glass
pictorial scenes or glass thread- or ribbon-like
effects, any of the foregoing embedded or
introduced into the body of the glassware prior to
its solidification; millefiori glassware; glassware
colored prior to solidification, and characterized
by random distribution of numerous bubbles, seeds
or stones, throughout the mass of the glass..........

No.............

15%5/

7013.99.20

00

Pressed and toughened (specially tempered)......

No.............

12.5%

60%

60%

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7013 (con.)

7013.99
(con.)

7013.99.30

00

Glassware of a kind used for table, kitchen, toilet, office, indoor
decoration or similar purposes (other than that of heading 7010
or 7018): (con.)

Other glassware: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Smokers' articles; perfume bottles fitted with
ground glass stoppers.......................................

No.............

9%5/

7013.99.35

00

Votive-candle holders........................................

No.............

6.6%5/

7013.99.40

01

Valued not over $0.30 each.......................

No.............

38%

Other:

7013.99.50

Valued over $0.30 but not over $3 each...

..................

30%

10

90

Crystalline or non-lead crystal............

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Valued over $3 each:
Cut or engraved:

7013.99.60

00

Valued over $3 but not over $5
each................................................

No.............

15%

7013.99.70

00

Valued over $5 each.....................

No.............

7.2%5/

7013.99.80

7013.99.90

10

90

10

90

Other:

Valued over $3 but not over $5
each................................................

..................

11.3%

Crystalline or non-lead
crystal.......................................

No.

Other........................................
Valued over $5 each.....................

No.
..................

7.2%5/

Crystalline or non-lead
crystal.......................................

No.

Other........................................

No.

60%

55%

60%

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7014.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Signaling glassware and optical elements of glass (other than
those of heading 7015), not optically worked:

Optical elements:

XIII
70-23

2

7014.00.10

00

Lens blanks (other than for spectacles)........................

No.............

4.1%1/

7014.00.20

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

5%1/

7014.00.30

00

Lenses and filters, and parts thereof.............................

No.............

3.4%1/

Other:

7014.00.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3.3%1/

7015

Clock or watch glasses and similar glasses, glasses for
noncorrective or corrective spectacles, curved, bent, hollowed
or the like, not optically worked; hollow glass spheres and their
segments, for the manufacture of such glasses:

7015.10.00

00

Glasses for corrective spectacles........................................

No.............

7015.90

Other:

Watch glasses:

7015.90.10

00

Round.........................................................................

No.............

7015.90.20
7015.90.50

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.............
No.............

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/
Free5/

40%

50%

60%

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

60%

60%
60%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7016

7016.10.00

00

Paving blocks, slabs, bricks, squares, tiles and other articles
of pressed or molded glass, whether or not wired, of a kind
used for building or construction purposes; glass cubes and
other glass smallwares, whether or not on a backing, for
mosaics or similar decorative purposes; leaded glass windows
and the like; multicellular or foam glass in blocks, panels,
plates, shells or similar forms:

Glass cubes and other glass smallwares, whether or not
on a backing, for mosaics or similar decorative
purposes3/...............................................................................

No.............

2.7%1/

7016.90
7016.90.10

Other:

Paving blocks, slabs, bricks, squares, tiles and other
articles of pressed or molded glass...............................

..................

8%1/

10

50
00

7016.90.50

Bricks and blocks.....................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

5%1/

7017

7017.10
7017.10.30

00

Laboratory, hygienic or pharmaceutical glassware, whether or
not graduated or calibrated:

Of fused quartz or other fused silica:

Quartz reactor tubes and holders designed for insertion
into diffusion and oxidation furnaces for production of
semiconductor wafers.....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

7017.10.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.6%1/

7017.20.00

00

Of other glass having a linear coefficient of expansion not
exceeding 5 x 10-6 per Kelvin within a temperature range
of 0°C to 300°C.....................................................................

kg..............

6.7%1/

7017.90
7017.90.10

00

Other:

Microscope slides and micro cover glasses................

kg..............

7017.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

6.7%1/

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

85%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

85%

85%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-25

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7018

7018.10

7018.10.10

00

Glass beads, imitation pearls, imitation precious or
semiprecious stones and similar glass smallwares and articles
thereof other than imitation jewelry; glass eyes other than
prosthetic articles; statuettes and other ornaments of
lamp-worked glass, other than imitation jewelry; glass
microspheres not exceeding 1 mm in diameter:

Glass beads, imitation pearls, imitation precious or
semiprecious stones and similar glass smallwares:

Imitation pearls and imitation pearl beads of all shapes
and colors, drilled or not drilled, but not strung (except
temporarily) and not set..................................................

kg..............

4%1/

7018.10.20

00

Imitation precious or semiprecious stones (except
imitation beads thereof)..................................................

kg..............

Free1/

7018.10.50
7018.20.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Glass microspheres not exceeding 1 mm in diameter.......

kg..............
kg..............

Free1/
5%1/

7018.90
7018.90.10

00

Other:

Glass eyes, except prosthetic articles..........................

kg..............

3.2%5/

7018.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

6.6%1/

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

40%
60%

70%

60%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XIII
70-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics):

Slivers, rovings, yarn and chopped strands and mats
thereof:

7019.11.00

00

Chopped strands, of a length of not more than
50 mm...............................................................................

kg..............

4.9%1/

7019.12.00

Rovings.............................................................................

..................

4.8%1/

40

80

Of a kind used in industry as packing or lubricating
materials....................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

7019.13

7019.13.05

00

Other yarn, slivers:

Yarns:

Not colored:

Fiberglass rubber reinforcing yarn, made
from electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds..................................................

kg..............

Free1/

7019.13.15

Other.............................................................

..................

6.5%1/

40

80

7019.13.24

00

Of a kind used in industry as packing
or lubricating materials (201)..............

Other (201)...........................................

kg

kg

Colored:

Fiberglass rubber reinforcing yarn, made
from electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds..................................................

kg..............

Free1/

7019.13.28

00

Other (201)..................................................

kg..............

7%1/

7019.13.35

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

7019.14.00

00

Mechanically bonded mats............................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

50%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-27

2

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)

Slivers, rovings, yarn and chopped strands and mats
thereof: (con.)

7019.15.00

00

Chemically bonded mats................................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

7019.19
7019.19.30

00

7019.19.70

00

Other:

Chopped strands, of a length more than 50 mm....

kg..............

4.9%

Fiberglass rubber reinforcing cord, made from
electrically nonconductive continuous fiberglass
filaments 9 microns in diameter to 11 microns in
diameter and impregnated with resorcinol
formaldehyde latex treatment for adhesion to
polymeric compounds..............................................

kg..............

Free1/

7019.19.91

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

7019.61

7019.61.05

00

Mechanically bonded fabrics:

Closed woven fabrics of rovings:

Of a width not exceeding 30 cm:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter to
11 microns in diameter and impregnated with
resorcinol formaldehyde latex treatment for
adhesion to polymeric compounds (622)........

7019.61.10

00

Other (622).........................................................

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

6%1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E*, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

50%

50%

50%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.61
(con.)

7019.61.30

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Closed woven fabrics of rovings: (con.)

Other:

Not colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.61.40

Other.............................................................

..................

7.3%1/

30

60

7019.61.70

00

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

Colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.61.90

Other.............................................................

..................

7%5/

30

60

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

60%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.62

7019.62.05

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)
Other closed fabrics of rovings:

Of a width not exceeding 30 cm:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter to
11 microns in diameter and impregnated with
resorcinol formaldehyde latex treatment for
adhesion to polymeric compounds (622)........

7019.62.15

00

Other (622).........................................................

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

6%1/

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.62
(con.)

7019.62.30

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Other closed fabrics of rovings: (con.)

Other:

Not colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.62.40

Other.............................................................

..................

7.3%1/

30

60

7019.62.70

00

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

Colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.62.90

Other.............................................................

..................

7%5/

30

60

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

60%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.63

7019.63.05

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Closed woven fabrics, plain weave, of yarns, not
coated or laminated:

Of a width not exceeding 30 cm:

Fiberglass tire cord woven from electrically
nonconductive continuous fiberglass filaments
9 microns in diameter to 11 microns in
diameter and impregnated with resorcinol
formaldehyde latex treatment for adhesion to
polymeric compounds (622).............................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.63.15

Other...................................................................

..................

6%1/

10

90

Weighing 185 grams or less per square
meter (622)..................................................

Other (622)..................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.63
(con.)

7019.63.30

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Closed woven fabrics, plain weave, of yarns, not
coated or laminated: (con.)

Other:

Not colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.63.40

Other.............................................................

..................

7.3%1/

30

60

7019.63.70

00

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

Colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.63.90

Other.............................................................

..................

7%1/

30

60

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other......................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

60%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-33

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.64

7019.64.05

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Closed woven fabrics, plain weave, of yarns, coated
or laminated:

Of a width not exceeding 30 cm:

Fiberglass tire cord woven from electrically
nonconductive continuous fiberglass filaments
9 microns in diameter to 11 microns in
diameter and impregnated with resorcinol
formaldehyde latex treatment for adhesion to
polymeric compounds (622).............................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.64.15

Other...................................................................

..................

6%1/

10

90

Weighing 185 grams or less per square
meter (622)..................................................

Other (622)..................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.64
(con.)

7019.64.30

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Closed woven fabrics, plain weave, of yarns, coated
or laminated: (con.)

Other:

Not colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.64.40

Other.............................................................

..................

7.3%1/

30

60

7019.64.70

00

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

Colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.64.90

Other.............................................................

..................

7%5/

30

60

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

60%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-35

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.65
7019.65.51

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Open woven fabrics of a width not exceeding 30 cm:
Fiberglass tire cord woven from electrically
nonconductive continuous fiberglass filaments
9 microns in diameter to 11 microns in diameter
and impregnated with resorcinol formaldehyde
latex treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622).....................................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.65.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

6%1/

10

90

Weighing 185 grams or less per square meter
(622)....................................................................

Other (622).........................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.66

7019.66.30

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Open woven fabrics of a width exceeding 30 cm:
Plain weave, weighing less than 250 g/m2, of
filaments measuring per single yarn not more than
136 tex:

Not colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.66.40

Other.............................................................

..................

7.3%1/

10

21

96

7019.66.70

00

Weighing 185 grams or less per
square meter (622)..............................

Weighing more than 215 grams per
square meter, with a filament diameter
of 7 to 13 microns (622)......................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg

m2
kg
m2
kg

Colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.66.90

Other.............................................................

..................

7%1/

10

21

60

Weighing 185 grams or less per
square meter (622)..............................

Weighing more than 215 grams per
square meter, with a filament diameter
of 7 to 13 microns (622)......................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-37

2

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)
Mechanically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.69

Other:

Not colored:

7019.69.30

00

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter to
11 microns in diameter and impregnated with
resorcinol formaldehyde latex treatment for
adhesion to polymeric compounds (622)........

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.69.40

Other...................................................................

..................

7.3%1/

10

21

96

7019.69.70

00

Weighing 185 grams or less per square
meter (622)..................................................

Weighing more than 215 grams per square
meter, with a filament diameter of 7 to
13 microns (622).........................................

Other (622)..................................................

m2
kg

m2
kg
m2
kg

Colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter to
11 microns in diameter and impregnated with
resorcinol formaldehyde latex treatment for
adhesion to polymeric compounds (622)........

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.69.90

Other...................................................................

..................

7%1/

10

21

60

Weighing 185 grams or less per square
meter (622)..................................................

Weighing more than 215 grams per square
meter, with a filament diameter of 7 to
13 microns (622).........................................

Other (622)..................................................

m2
kg

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
70-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)

Chemically bonded fabrics:

7019.71.00

00

Veils (thin sheets)............................................................

kg..............

4.3%1/

50%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7019.72

Other closed fabrics:

7019.72.05

00

Of a width not exceeding 30 cm:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter to
11 microns in diameter and impregnated with
resorcinol formaldehyde latex treatment for
adhesion to polymeric compounds (622)........

7019.72.15

00

Other (622).........................................................

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free1/

6%1/

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIII
70-39

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.72
(con.)

7019.72.30

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)

Chemically bonded fabrics: (con.)
Other closed fabrics: (con.)

Other:

Not colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.72.40

Other.............................................................

..................

7.3%1/

30

60

7019.72.70

00

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

Colored:

Fiberglass tire cord fabric woven from
electrically nonconductive continuous
fiberglass filaments 9 microns in diameter
to 11 microns in diameter and impregnated
with resorcinol formaldehyde latex
treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622)........................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.72.90

Other.............................................................

..................

7%5/

30

60

Silica filament fabric of filaments with
silica content greater than 93 percent
(622)......................................................

Other (622)...........................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

50%

50%

60%

60%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIII
70-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7019 (con.)

7019.73
7019.73.51

00

Glass fibers (including glass wool) and articles thereof (for
example, yarn, rovings, woven fabrics): (con.)

Chemically bonded fabrics: (con.)

Other open fabrics:

Fiberglass tire cord woven from electrically
nonconductive continuous fiberglass filaments
9 microns in diameter to 11 microns in diameter
and impregnated with resorcinol formaldehyde
latex treatment for adhesion to polymeric
compounds (622).....................................................

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7019.73.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

6%1/

10

90

10

20

90
00

7019.80
7019.80.10

7019.80.90

Weighing 185 grams or less per square meter
(622)....................................................................

Other (622).........................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

Glass wool and articles of glass wool:

Insulation products..........................................................

..................

4.9%1/

Batts...........................................................................

Pipe coverings..........................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

7019.90
7019.90.11

00

Other:

Woven...............................................................................

kg
kg..............
m2

4.3%1/

m2..............
kg

4.8%1/

7019.90.51

Other.................................................................................

..................

4.3%1/

20

40

50

Glass fibers in bulk...................................................

Glass fiber filters.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg
m2

kg
m2

kg
m2

50%

50%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7020.00
7020.00.30

00

Other articles of glass:

Quartz reactor tubes and holders designed for insertion
into diffusion and oxidation furnaces for production of
semiconductor wafers...........................................................

7020.00.40

00

Glass inners for vacuum flasks or for other vacuum
vessels.....................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

No.............

6.6%1/

7020.00.60

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

5%1/

XIII
70-41

2

55%

37.5¢ each +

45%

55%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIII
Endnotes--page 70 - 42
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.02.
3/ See 9903.88.69.
4/ See 9903.90.08.
5/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XIV

NATURAL OR CULTURED PEARLS, PRECIOUS
OR SEMIPRECIOUS STONES, PRECIOUS METALS,
METALS CLAD WITH PRECIOUS METAL,
AND ARTICLES THEREOF;
IMITATION JEWELRY; COIN

XIV-1

XIV-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 71

NATURAL OR CULTURED PEARLS, PRECIOUS
OR SEMIPRECIOUS STONES, PRECIOUS METALS,
METALS CLAD WITH PRECIOUS METAL,
AND ARTICLES THEREOF;
IMITATION JEWELRY; COIN

Notes

1. Subject to note 1(a) to section VI and except as provided below, all articles consisting wholly or partly:

(a) Of natural or cultured pearls or of precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed), or

(b) Of precious metal or of metal clad with precious metal, are to be classified in this chapter.

2.

(a) Headings 7113, 7114 and 7115 do not cover articles in which precious metal or metal clad with precious metal is present

as minor constituents only, such as minor fittings or minor ornamentation (for example, monograms, ferrules and rims), and
paragraph (b) of the foregoing note does not apply to such articles.

(b) Heading 7116 does not cover articles containing precious metal or metal clad with precious metal (other than as minor

XIV
71-1

constituents).

3.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Amalgams of precious metal or colloidal precious metal (heading 2843);

(b) Sterile surgical suture materials, dental fillings or other goods of chapter 30;

(c) Goods of chapter 32 (for example, lustres);

(d) Supported catalysts (heading 3815);

(e) Articles of heading 4202 or 4203 referred to in note 3(B) to chapter 42;

(f) Articles of heading 4303 or 4304;

(g) Goods of section XI (textiles and textile articles);

(h) Footwear, headgear or other articles of chapter 64 or 65;

(ij) Umbrellas, walking-sticks or other articles of chapter 66;

(k) Abrasive goods of heading 6804 or 6805 or chapter 82, containing dust or powder of precious or semiprecious stones (natural
or synthetic); articles of chapter 82 with a working part of precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed);
machinery, mechanical appliances or electrical goods, or parts thereof, of section XVI. However, articles and parts thereof,
wholly of precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed) remain classified in this chapter, except
unmounted worked sapphires and diamonds for styli (heading 8522);

(l) Articles of chapter 90, 91 or 92 (scientific instruments, clocks and watches, musical instruments);

(m) Arms or parts thereof (chapter 93);

(n) Articles covered by note 2 to chapter 95;

(o) Articles classified in chapter 96 by virtue of note 4 to that chapter; or

(p) Original sculptures or statuary (heading 9703), collectors' pieces (heading 9705) or antiques of an age exceeding one hundred

years (heading 9706), other than natural or cultured pearls or precious or semiprecious stones.

4.

(a) The expression "precious metal" means silver, gold and platinum.

(b) The expression "platinum" means platinum, iridium, osmium, palladium, rhodium and ruthenium.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIV
71-2
Notes (con.)

(c) The expression "precious or semiprecious stones" does not include any of the substances specified in note 2(b) to chapter

96.

5.

For the purposes of this chapter, any alloy (including a sintered mixture and an inter-metallic compound) containing precious
metal is to be treated as an alloy of precious metal if any one precious metal constitutes as much as 2 percent, by weight, of the
alloy. Alloys of precious metal are to be classified according to the following rules:

(a) An alloy containing 2 percent or more, by weight, of platinum is to be treated as an alloy of platinum;

(b) An alloy containing 2 percent or more, by weight, of gold but no platinum, or less than 2 percent, by weight, of platinum, is

to be treated as an alloy of gold;

(c) Other alloys containing 2 percent or more, by weight, of silver are to be treated as alloys of silver.

6. Except where the context otherwise requires, any reference in the tariff schedule to precious metal or to any particular precious
metal includes a reference to alloys treated as alloys of precious metal or of the particular metal in accordance with the rules in
note 5 above, but not to metal clad with precious metal or to base metal or non-metals plated with precious metal.

7.

Throughout the tariff schedule the expression "metal clad with precious metal" means material made with a base of metal upon
one or more surfaces of which there is affixed by soldering, brazing, welding, hot-rolling or similar mechanical means a covering
of precious metal. Except where the context otherwise requires, the expression also covers base metal inlaid with precious metal.

8. Subject to note 1(a) to section VI, goods answering to a description in heading 7112 are to be classified in that heading and in

no other heading of the tariff schedule.

9.

For the purposes of heading 7113, the expression "articles of jewelry" means:

(a) Any small objects of personal adornment (for example, rings, bracelets, necklaces, brooches, earrings, watch chains, fobs,

pendants, tie pins, cuff links, dress studs, religious or other medals and insignia); and

(b) Articles of personal use of a kind normally carried in the pocket, in the handbag or on the person (for example, cigar or

cigarette cases, snuff boxes, cachou or pill boxes, powder boxes, chain purses or prayer beads).

These articles may be combined or set, for example, with natural or cultured pearls, precious or semiprecious stones, synthetic
or reconstructed precious or semiprecious stones, tortoise shell, mother-of-pearl, ivory, natural or reconstituted amber, jet or
coral.

10. For the purposes of heading 7114, the expression "articles of goldsmiths' or silversmiths' wares" includes such articles as

ornaments, tableware, toilet-ware, smokers' articles and other articles of household, office or religious use.

11. For the purposes of heading 7117, the expression "imitation jewelry" means articles of jewelry within the meaning of paragraph
(a) of note 9 above (but not including buttons or other articles of heading 9606, or dress combs, hair slides or the like, or hairpins,
of heading 9615), not incorporating natural or cultured pearls, precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed)
nor (except as plating or as minor constituents) precious metal or metal clad with precious metal.

Subheading Notes

1.

For the purposes of subheadings 7106.10, 7108.11, 7110.11, 7110.21, 7110.31 and 7110.41, the expressions "powder" and "in
powder form" mean products of which 90 percent or more by weight passes through a sieve having a mesh aperture of 0.5 mm.

2. Notwithstanding the provisions of note 4(b), for the purposes of subheadings 7110.11 and 7110.19, the expression "platinum"

does not include iridium, osmium, palladium, rhodium or ruthenium.

3.

For the classification of alloys in the subheadings of heading 7110, each alloy is to be classified with that metal, platinum,
palladium, rhodium, iridium, osmium or ruthenium, which predominates by weight over each other of these metals.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of subchapter II, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) The term "unwrought" refers to metals, whether or not refined, in the form of ingots, blocks, lumps, billets, cakes, slabs, pigs,
cathodes, anodes, briquettes, cubes, sticks, grains, sponge, pellets, shot and similar manufactured primary forms, but does
not cover rolled, forged, drawn or extruded products, tubular products or cast or sintered forms which have been machined
or processed otherwise than by simple trimming, scalping or descaling;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIV
71-3

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(b) The term "semimanufactured" refers to wrought metal products in the form of bars, rods, sections, plates, sheets, strips,

wire, tubes, pipes and hollow bars, and to powder (other than primary metals in powder form);

(c) The term "waste and scrap" refers to materials and articles which are second-hand or waste or refuse, or are obsolete,

defective or damaged, and which are fit only for the recovery of the metal content or for use in the manufacture of chemicals.
It includes residues and ashes of a kind used principally for the recovery of precious metals, but does not include metals in
unwrought form or metal-bearing materials provided for in heading 2616.

2. Coin provided for in heading 7118 which is currently in circulation in any country and is imported for monetary purposes shall be
admitted without formal customs consumption entry or the payment of duty. This does not affect any requirements under other
provisions of law to the effect that transfers of coin into or through the United States, in an amount exceeding $10,000 on any
one occasion, shall be reported as described therein.

3.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision in additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 91, any article of jewelry provided for in heading 7113

which is the product of the Virgin Islands, Guam, or American Samoa (including any such article which contains any foreign
component) shall be eligible for the benefits provided in paragraph (h) of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 91, subject to the
provisions and limitations of that note and of paragraphs (b), (c), and (d) of this note.

(b) Notwithstanding additional U.S. Note 5(h)(ii)(B) to chapter 91, articles of jewelry subject to this note shall be subject to a

limitation of 10,000,000 units.

(c) Nothing in this note shall result in an increase or a decrease in the aggregate amount referred to in paragraph (h)(iii) of, or
the quantitative limitation otherwise established pursuant to the requirements of, additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 91.

(d) Nothing in this note shall be construed to permit a reduction in the amount available to watch producers under paragraph

(h)(iv) of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 91.

(e) The Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of the Interior shall issue such regulations, not inconsistent with the provisions

of this note and additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 91, as the Secretaries determine necessary to carry out their respective
duties under this note. Such regulations shall not be inconsistent with substantial transformation requirements but may define
the circumstances under which articles of jewelry shall be deemed to be ‘units’ for purposes of the benefits, provisions, and
limitations of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 91.

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any article of jewelry provided for in Heading 7113 that is assembled in the Virgin
Islands, Guam, or American Samoa by a jewelry manufacturer or jewelry assembler that commenced jewelry manufacturing
or jewelry assembly operations in the Virgin Islands, Guam, or American Samoa after August 9, 2001, shall be treated as a
product of the Virgin Islands, Guam, or American Samoa for purposes of this note and General Note 3(a)(iv) of this Schedule
if such article is entered no later than 18 months after such jewelry manufacturer or jewelry assembler commenced jewelry
manufacturing or jewelry assembly operations in the Virgin Islands, Guam, or American Samoa.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of subheading 7113.19.50, the expression “ISO standard platinum” means platinum meeting the International
Organization for Standardization’s standard for platinum containing at least 85 percent pure platinum or at least 50 percent pure
platinum with a combined content of at least 95 percent platinum group metals iridium, osmium, palladium, rhodium, or ruthenium.

For the purposes of reporting under statistical numbers 7113.19.5021 through 7113.19.5091, each piece is individually counted.
For example, a pair of earrings is counted as two pieces and a necklace and its pendant are counted as one piece.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIV
71-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7101

7101.10
7101.10.30

00

7101.22
7101.22.30

7101.22.60
7102
7102.10.00

7102.21
7102.21.10

00

00

00

10

20

7102.21.30

00

7102.21.40
7102.29.00

00

I. NATURAL OR CULTURED PEARLS AND PRECIOUS OR
SEMIPRECIOUS STONES

Pearls, natural or cultured, whether or not worked or graded
but not strung, mounted or set; pearls, natural or cultured,
temporarily strung for convenience of transport:

Natural pearls:

Graded and temporarily strung for convenience of
transport...........................................................................

g ................

Free1/

7101.10.60

00

Other.................................................................................

g ................

7101.21.00

00

Unworked.........................................................................

g ................

Cultured pearls:

Free1/

Free1/

Worked:

Graded and temporarily strung for convenience of
transport....................................................................

g ................

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

g ................

Diamonds, whether or not worked, but not mounted or set:

Unsorted..................................................................................

carat..........

Free1/

Free1/

Industrial:

Unworked or simply sawn, cleaved or bruted:

Miners' diamonds.....................................................
Carbonados........................................................

..................
carat

Free2/

Other...................................................................

carat

Other:

Simply sawn, cleaved or bruted.......................

carat..........

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

carat..........
..................

10

20
50

Miners' diamonds:

Carbonados........................................................

carat

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

carat
carat

Nonindustrial:

7102.31.00

00

Unworked or simply sawn, cleaved or bruted..............

carat..........

7102.39.00

10

50

Other.................................................................................
Weighing not over 0.5 carat each...........................

..................
carat

Weighing over 0.5 carat each.................................

carat

Free2/

Free2/
Free2/

Free1/

Free1/

10%

10%

10%

10%

10%

Free

Free3/

30%3/

Free3/
Free3/

Free

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIV
71-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7103

7103.10
7103.10.20

00

Precious stones (other than diamonds) and semiprecious
stones, whether or not worked or graded but not strung,
mounted or set; ungraded precious stones (other than
diamonds) and semiprecious stones, temporarily strung for
convenience of transport:

Unworked or simply sawn or roughly shaped:

Unworked.........................................................................

carat..........

7103.10.40

00

Other.................................................................................

carat..........

7103.91.00

7103.99
7103.99.10

10

20

30

00

Otherwise worked:

Rubies, sapphires and emeralds...................................
Rubies........................................................................

..................
carat

Free1/

Sapphires..................................................................

carat

Emeralds....................................................................

carat

Other:

Cut but not set, and suitable for use in the
manufacture of jewelry.............................................

carat..........

Free1/

7103.99.50

00

Other..........................................................................

carat..........

10.5%1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free1/

10.5%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free3/

50%

10%3/

10%3/

50%

XIV
71-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7104

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Synthetic or reconstructed precious or semiprecious stones,
whether or not worked or graded but not strung, mounted or
set; ungraded synthetic or reconstructed precious or
semiprecious stones, temporarily strung for convenience of
transport:

7104.10.00

00

Piezo-electric quartz..............................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7104.21.00

00

Diamonds.........................................................................

g ................

Other, unworked or simply sawn or roughly shaped:

7104.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

g ................

3%1/

3%1/

7104.91
7104.91.10

00

Other:

Diamonds:

Cut but not set, and suitable for use in the
manufacture of jewelry.............................................

No.............

Free1/

7104.91.50

00

Other..........................................................................

g ................

6.4%1/

7104.99
7104.99.10

00

Other:

Cut but not set, and suitable for use in the
manufacture of jewelry.............................................

No.............

Free1/

7104.99.50

00

Other..........................................................................

g ................

6.4%1/

7105

Dust and powder of natural or synthetic precious or semi-
precious stones:

7105.10.00

Of diamonds...........................................................................

..................

Free2/

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10%3/

50%

10%3/

50%

Free3/

11

15

20

30

50
00

7105.90.00

Natural:

80 mesh or finer........................................................

carat

Other..........................................................................

carat

Synthetic:

Coated with metal.....................................................

carat

Other:

80 mesh or finer.................................................

carat

Other...................................................................
Other........................................................................................

carat
kg..............

Free2/

2.2¢/kg3/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIV
71-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

II. PRECIOUS METALS AND METALS CLAD WITH
PRECIOUS METAL

7106

Silver (including silver plated with gold or platinum), unwrought
or in semimanufactured forms, or in powder form:

7106.10.00

00

Powder....................................................................................

g ................

Free2/

7106.91
7106.91.10

7106.91.50

10

20
00

7106.92
7106.92.10

00

Other:

Unwrought:

Bullion and dore........................................................
Bullion..................................................................

..................
Ag g

Free2/

Dore.....................................................................
Other..........................................................................

Ag g
g ................

3%2/

Semimanufactured:

Rectangular or near rectangular shapes, containing
99.5 percent or more by weight of silver and not
otherwise marked or decorated than with weight,
purity, or other identifying information....................

g ................

Free2/

7106.92.50

00

Other..........................................................................

g ................

3%2/

7107.00.00

00

Base metals clad with silver, not further worked than semi-
manufactured................................................................................

g ................

3.3%2/

Free

Free3/

65%

Free3/

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIV
71-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7108

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Gold (including gold plated with platinum) unwrought or in
semimanufactured forms, or in powder form:

Nonmonetary:

7108.11.00

00

Powder.............................................................................

g ................

7108.12
7108.12.10

Other unwrought forms:

Bullion and dore........................................................

..................

Free2/

Free2/

Free

Free

13

17
20

10

50

00

7108.12.50

7108.13
7108.13.10

7108.13.55

00

Bullion:

Containing by weight not less than 99.95
percent of gold.............................................

Au g

Other.............................................................
Dore.....................................................................
Other..........................................................................

Au g
Au g
..................

4.1%2/

Containing by weight not less than 99.95
percent of gold...................................................

Au g

Other...................................................................

Au g

Other semimanufactured forms:

Gold leaf....................................................................

cm2............
Au g

Free2/

Other:

Rectangular or near rectangular shapes,
containing 99.5 percent or more by weight of
gold and not otherwise marked or decorated
than with weight, purity, or other identifying
information..........................................................

g ................

Free2/

7108.13.70

00

Other...................................................................

g ................

4.1%2/

7108.20.00
7109.00.00

00
00

Monetary.................................................................................
Base metals or silver, clad with gold, not further worked than
semimanufactured........................................................................

g ................

Free2/

g ................

6%2/

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8%

Free3/

65%

Free

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIV
71-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7110

7110.11.00

10

20

50
00

7110.19.00

Platinum, unwrought or in semimanufactured forms, or in
powder form:
Platinum:

Unwrought or in powder form.........................................
Grain and nuggets of the metal platinum...............

..................
Pt g

Free2/

Sponge of the metal platinum..................................

Pt g

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

Pt g
Pt g...........

Palladium:

7110.21.00

00

Unwrought or in powder.................................................

Pd g..........

7110.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

Pd g..........

Rhodium:

7110.31.00

00

Unwrought or in powder form.........................................

Rh g..........

7110.39.00

00

Other.................................................................................

Rh g..........

7110.41.00

Unwrought or in powder form.........................................

..................

Iridium, osmium and ruthenium:

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Separately:

Iridium.................................................................

Ir g

Osmium...............................................................

Os g

Ruthenium..........................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Iridium separately.....................................................

Ru g
g
..................
Ir g

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

g

Base metals, silver or gold, clad with platinum, not further
worked than semimanufactured..................................................

g ................

10%2/

Waste and scrap of precious metal or of metal clad with
precious metal; other waste and scrap containing precious
metal or precious metal compounds, of a kind used principally
for the recovery of precious metal other than goods of heading
8549:

Ash containing precious metal or precious metal
compounds.............................................................................

Other:

7112.91.01

00

Of gold, including metal clad with gold but excluding
sweepings containing other precious metals...............

7112.92.01

00

Of platinum, including metal clad with platinum but
excluding sweepings containing other precious
metals...............................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

g ................
Au g

Free2/

g ................
Pt g

Free2/

7112.99.01

00

Other.................................................................................

g ................

Free2/

10

20

30
50

10

50
00

7110.49.00

7111.00.00

7112

7112.30.01

00

Free3/

Free3/

Free

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIV
71-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

III. JEWELRY, GOLDSMITHS' AND SILVERSMITHS' WARES
AND OTHER ARTICLES

7113

Articles of jewelry and parts thereof, of precious metal or of
metal clad with precious metal:

7113.11

7113.11.10

00

Of precious metal whether or not plated or clad with
precious metal:

Of silver, whether or not plated or clad with other
precious metal:

Rope, curb, cable, chain and similar articles
produced in continuous lengths, all the foregoing,
whether or not cut to specific lengths and whether
or not set with imitation pearls or imitation
gemstones, suitable for use in the manufacture of
articles provided for in this heading........................

g ................

6.3%1/

7113.11.20

00

Valued not over $18 per dozen pieces or
parts....................................................................

g ................

13.5%1/

Other:

7113.11.50

00

Other...................................................................

g ................

5%1/

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

110%

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIV
71-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7113 (con.)

7113.19

7113.19.10

00

Articles of jewelry and parts thereof, of precious metal or of
metal clad with precious metal: (con.)

Of precious metal whether or not plated or clad with
precious metal: (con.)

Of other precious metal, whether or not plated or clad
with precious metal:

Rope, curb, cable, chain and similar articles
produced in continuous lengths, all the foregoing,
whether or not cut to specific lengths and whether
or not set with imitation pearls or imitation
gemstones, suitable for use in the manufacture of
articles provided for in this heading........................

g ................

7%1/

7113.19.21

00

Rope.............................................................

g ................

5%1/

Other:

Necklaces and neck chains, of gold:

7113.19.25

00

Mixed link.....................................................

g ................

5.8%1/

7113.19.29

00

Other.............................................................

g ................

5.5%1/

7113.19.30

00

Clasps and parts thereof...................................

g ................

5.8%1/

7113.19.50

Other...................................................................

..................

5.5%1/

21

25

30

45

91

95

Of ISO standard platinum:

Necklaces and neck chains................

Rings......................................................

Earrings.................................................

Other......................................................

pcs 4/

pcs4/

pcs4/

pcs 4/

Other:

Articles of jewelry, of gold, other than
rope, curb, cable, chain, necklaces,
neck chains or clasps..........................

pcs

Other......................................................

g

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

80%

80%

80%

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIV
71-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7113 (con.)

7113.20
7113.20.10

00

Articles of jewelry and parts thereof, of precious metal or of
metal clad with precious metal: (con.)

Of base metal clad with precious metal:

Rope, curb, cable, chain and similar articles produced
in continuous lengths, all the foregoing, whether or not
cut to specific lengths and whether or not set with
imitation pearls or imitation gemstones, suitable for
use in the manufacture of articles provided for in this
heading.............................................................................

g ................

7%1/

Other:

Necklaces and neck chains, clad with gold:

7113.20.21

00

Rope....................................................................

g ................

5.8%1/

7113.20.25

00

Mixed link............................................................

g ................

5.8%1/

7113.20.29

00

Other...................................................................

g ................

5.2%1/

7113.20.30

00

Clasps and parts thereof.........................................

g ................

5.8%1/

7113.20.50

00

Other..........................................................................

g ................

5.2%1/

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

80%

80%

80%

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIV
71-13

2

Articles of goldsmiths' or silversmiths' wares and parts thereof,
of precious metal or of metal clad with precious metal:

Of precious metal whether or not plated or clad with
precious metal:

Of silver, whether or not plated or clad with other
precious metal:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7114

7114.11

7114.11.10

00

Knives with silver handles.......................................

No.............

2.8%2/

7114.11.20

00

Forks with silver handles.........................................

No.............

2.7%2/

7114.11.30

00

With sterling silver handles...............................

No.............

3.3%2/

Spoons and ladles:

7114.11.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

3.5%2/

7114.11.45

00

Sets of the foregoing which include two or more
knives, forks, spoons or ladles................................

pcs............

3%2/

Articles not elsewhere specified or included of a
type used for household, table or kitchen use; toilet
and sanitary wares; all the foregoing and parts
thereof, of silver:

7114.11.50

00

Sterling silver tableware....................................

g ................

3.3%2/

7114.11.60

00

Other...................................................................

g ................

3%2/

7114.11.70

00

Other..........................................................................

g ................

3%2/

7114.19.00

00

Of other precious metal whether or not plated or clad
with precious metal.........................................................

g ................

7.9%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

16¢ each +

45%

16¢ each +

45%

65%

65%

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

65%

65%

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XIV
71-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7114 (con.)

7114.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles of goldsmiths' or silversmiths' wares and parts thereof,
of precious metal or of metal clad with precious metal: (con.)
Of base metal clad with precious metal...............................

..................

3%2/

40

60

Articles not elsewhere specified or included, of a type
used for household, table or kitchen use; toilet or
sanitary ware....................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Other articles of precious metal or of metal clad with precious
metal:

g

g

7115

7115.10.00

00

Catalysts in the form of wire cloth or grill, of platinum........

g ................

4%2/

7115.90
7115.90.05

Other:

Articles of precious metal, in rectangular or near
rectangular shapes, containing 99.5 percent or more
by weight of a precious metal and not otherwise
marked or decorated than with weight, purity, or other
identifying information.....................................................
Of gold.......................................................................

..................
g

Free2/

Of silver......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

g

g

Other:

30

60

90

7115.90.30

00

Of gold, including metal clad with gold..................

g ................

3.9%2/

7115.90.40

00

Of silver, including metal clad with silver...............

g ................

3%2/

7115.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................

g ................

4%2/

65%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free3/

110%

65%

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIV
71-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7116

7116.10
7116.10.10

00

Articles of natural or cultured pearls, precious or semiprecious
stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed):

Of natural or cultured pearls:

Natural..............................................................................

g ................

3.3%

7116.10.25

00

Cultured............................................................................

g ................

5.5%1/

7116.20

Of precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or
reconstructed):

Articles of jewelry:

7116.20.05

00

Valued not over $40 per piece................................

g ................

3.3%

7116.20.15

00

Other..........................................................................

g ................

6.5%1/

Other:

7116.20.30

00

Of semiprecious stones (except rock crystal):
Graded semiprecious stones strung
temporarily for convenience of transport.........

g ................

2.1%1/

7116.20.35

00

Figurines of semiprecious stone......................

No.............

4.5%1/

7116.20.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

10.5%1/

7116.20.50

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

80%

110%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

80%

50%

50%

50%

50%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIV
71-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7117

Imitation jewelry:

7117.11.00

00

Of base metal, whether or not plated with precious metal:
Cuff links and studs.........................................................

No.............

8%1/

7117.19

Other:

Rope, curb, cable, chain and similar articles
produced in continuous lengths, all the foregoing,
whether or not cut to specific lengths and whether
or not set with imitation pearls or imitation
gemstones, suitable for use in the manufacture of
articles provided for in this heading:

Valued not over 33 cents per meter:

7117.19.05

00

Toy jewelry valued not over 8 cents per
piece.............................................................

kg..............

Free

7117.19.15

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

8%1/

7117.19.20

00

Valued over 33 cents per meter.......................

kg..............

11%1/

7117.19.30

00

Religious articles of a purely devotional charac-
ter designed to be worn on apparel or carried on
or about or attached to the person..........................

kg..............

3.9%1/

Other:

7117.19.60

00

Toy jewelry valued not over 8 cents per
piece....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

7117.19.90

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

11%1/

110%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

80%

110%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

110%

110%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XIV
71-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7117 (con.)
7117.90
7117.90.10

00

Imitation jewelry: (con.)

Other:

Necklaces, valued not over 30 cents per dozen,
composed wholly of plastic shapes mounted on fiber
string.................................................................................

Religious articles of a purely devotional character
designed to be worn on apparel or carried on or about
or attached to the person:

doz............

Free1/

7117.90.20

00

Rosaries and chaplets.............................................

kg..............

3.3%1/

7117.90.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.9%1/

Other:

Valued not over 20 cents per dozen pieces or
parts:

7117.90.45

00

7117.90.55

00

Toy jewelry (except parts)................................

kg..............

Free

Other...................................................................

kg..............

7.2%1/

7117.90.60

00

7117.90.75

00

7117.90.90

00

Valued over 20 cents per dozen pieces or parts:
Toy jewelry (except parts) valued not over 8
cents per piece...................................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

Of plastics....................................................

kg..............

Free

Other.............................................................

kg..............

11%1/

7118
7118.10.00

Coin:

00

Coin (other than gold coin), not being legal tender............

g ................

7118.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

11

19

20

55

Gold:

Canadian maple leaf................................................

Other..........................................................................

Platinum............................................................................

g
Au g

g
Au g
g
Pt g

Other.................................................................................

g

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

50%

45%

45%

45%

110%

110%

110%

Free3/

Free3/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIV
Endnotes--page 71 - 18
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.90.08.
4/ See statistical note 2 to this chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XV

BASE METALS AND ARTICLES
OF BASE METAL

XV-1

Notes

1.

This section does not cover:

(a) Prepared paints, inks or other products with a basis of metallic flakes or powder (headings 3207 to 3210, 3212, 3213 or

3215);

(b) Ferrocerium or other pyrophoric alloys (heading 3606);

(c) Headgear or parts thereof of heading 6506 or 6507;

(d) Umbrella frames or other articles of heading 6603;

(e) Goods of chapter 71 (for example, precious metal alloys, base metal clad with precious metal, imitation jewelry);

(f) Articles of section XVI (machinery, mechanical appliances and electrical goods);

(g) Assembled railway or tramway track (heading 8608) or other articles of section XVII (vehicles, ships and boats, aircraft);

(h)

Instruments or apparatus of section XVIII, including clock or watch springs;

(ij) Lead shot prepared for ammunition (heading 9306) or other articles of section XIX (arms and ammunition);

(k) Articles of chapter 94 (for example, furniture, mattress supports, luminaires and lighting fittings, illuminated signs, prefabricated

buildings);

(l) Articles of chapter 95 (for example, toys, games, sports equipment);

(m) Hand sieves, buttons, pens, pencil-holders, pen nibs, monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles or other articles of

chapter 96 (miscellaneous manufactured articles); or

(n) Articles of chapter 97 (for example, works of art).

2.

Throughout the tariff schedule, the expression "parts of general use" means:

(a) Articles of heading 7307, 7312, 7315, 7317 or 7318 and similar articles of other base metal, other than articles specially

designed for use exclusively in implants in medical, surgical, dental or veterinary sciences (heading 9021);

(b) Springs and leaves for springs, of base metal, other than clock or watch springs (heading 9114); and

(c) Articles of heading 8301, 8302, 8308 or 8310 and frames and mirrors, of base metal, of heading 8306.

In chapters 73 to 76 and 78 to 82 (but not in heading 7315) references to parts of goods do not include references to parts of
general use as defined above.

Subject to the preceding paragraph and to note 1 to chapter 83, the articles of chapter 82 or 83 are excluded from chapters 72
to 76 and 78 to 81.

3.

4.

Throughout the schedule, the expression "base metals" means: iron and steel, copper, nickel, aluminum, lead, zinc, tin, tungsten
(wolfram), molybdenum, tantalum, magnesium, cobalt, bismuth, cadmium, titanium, zirconium, antimony, manganese, beryllium,
chromium, germanium, vanadium, gallium, hafnium, indium, niobium (columbium), rhenium and thallium.

Throughout the schedule, the term "cermets" means products containing a microscopic heterogeneous combination of a metallic
component and a ceramic component. The term "cermets" includes sintered metal carbides (metal carbides sintered with a
metal).

5. Classification of alloys (other than ferroalloys and master alloys as defined in chapters 72 and 74):

(a) An alloy of base metals is to be classified as an alloy of the metal which predominates by weight over each of the other

metals.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV-2

Notes (con.)

(b) An alloy composed of base metals of this section and of elements not falling within this section is to be treated as an alloy

of base metals of this section if the total weight of such metals equals or exceeds the total weight of the other elements
present.

(c)

In this section the term "alloys" includes sintered mixtures of metal powders, heterogeneous intimate mixtures obtained by
melting (other than cermets) and intermetallic compounds.

6. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in the tariff schedule to a base metal includes a reference to alloys which,

by virtue of note 5 above, are to be classified as alloys of that metal.

7. Classification of composite articles:

Except where the headings otherwise require, articles of base metal (including articles of mixed materials treated as articles of
base metal under the General Rules of Interpretation) containing two or more base metals are to be treated as articles of the
base metal predominating by weight over each of the other metals. For this purpose:

(a)

Iron and steel, or different kinds of iron or steel, are regarded as one and the same metal;

(b) An alloy is regarded as being entirely composed of that metal as an alloy of which, by virtue of note 5, it is classified; and

(c) A cermet of heading 8113 is regarded as a single base metal.

8.

In this section, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

(a) Waste and scrap

(i) All metal waste and scrap;

(ii) Metal goods definitely not usable as such because of breakage, cutting-up, wear or other reasons.

(b) Powders

Products of which 90 percent or more by weight passes through a sieve having a mesh aperture of 1 mm.

9.

For the purposes of chapters 74 to 76 and 78 to 81, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

(a) Bars and rods

Rolled, extruded, drawn or forged products, not in coils, which have a uniform solid cross section along their whole length in the
shape of circles, ovals, rectangles (including squares), equilateral triangles or regular convex polygons (including “flattened circles”
and “modified rectangles”, of which two opposite sides are convex arcs, the other two sides being straight, of equal length and
parallel). Products with a rectangular (including square), triangular or polygonal cross section may have corners rounded along
their whole length. The thickness of such products which have a rectangular (including “modified rectangular”) cross section
exceeds one-tenth of the width. The expression also covers cast or sintered products, of the same forms and dimensions, which
have been subsequently worked after production (otherwise than by simple trimming or de-scaling), provided that they have not
thereby assumed the character of articles or products of other headings.

Wire bars and billets of chapter 74 with their ends tapered or otherwise worked simply to facilitate their entry into machines for
converting them into, for example, drawing stock (wire rod) or tubes, are however to be taken to be unwrought copper of heading
7403. This provision applies mutatis mutandis to the products of chapter 81.

(b) Profiles

Rolled, extruded, drawn, forged or formed products, coiled or not, of a uniform cross section along their whole length, which do
not conform to any of the definitions of bars, rods, wire, plates, sheets, strip, foil, tubes or pipes. The expression also covers cast
or sintered products, of the same forms, which have been subsequently worked after production (otherwise than by simple
trimming or de-scaling), provided that they have not thereby assumed the character of articles or products of other headings.

(c) Wire

Rolled, extruded or drawn products, in coils, which have a uniform solid cross section along their whole length in the shape of
circles, ovals, rectangles (including squares), equilateral triangles or regular convex polygons (including “flattened circles” and
“modified rectangles”, of which two opposite sides are convex arcs, the other two sides being straight, of equal length and parallel).
Products with a rectangular (including square), triangular or polygonal cross section may have corners rounded along their whole

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV-3

Notes (con.)

length. The thickness of such products which have a rectangular (including “modified rectangular”) cross section exceeds one-tenth
of the width.

(d) Plates, sheets, strip and foil

Flat-surfaced products (other than the unwrought products), coiled or not, of solid rectangular (other than square) cross section
with or without rounded corners (including “modified rectangles” of which two opposite sides are convex arcs, the other two sides
being straight, of equal length and parallel) of a uniform thickness, which are:

-of rectangular (including square) shape with a thickness not exceeding one-tenth of the width;

-of a shape other than rectangular or square, of any size, provided that they do not assume the character of articles or products
of other headings.

Headings for plates, sheets, strip, and foil apply, inter alia, to plates, sheets, strip, and foil with patterns (for example, grooves,
ribs, checkers, tears, buttons, lozenges) and to such products which have been perforated, corrugated, polished or coated,
provided that they do not thereby assume the character of articles or products of other headings.

(e) Tubes and pipes

Hollow products, coiled or not, which have a uniform cross section with only one enclosed void along their whole length in the
shape of circles, ovals, rectangles (including squares), equilateral triangles or regular convex polygons, and which have a uniform
wall thickness. Products with a rectangular (including square), equilateral triangular or regular convex polygonal cross section,
which may have corners rounded along their whole length, are also to be considered as tubes and pipes provided the inner and
outer cross sections are concentric and have the same form and orientation. Tubes and pipes of the foregoing cross sections
may be polished, coated, bent, threaded, drilled, waisted, expanded, cone-shaped or fitted with flanges, collars or rings.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of this section, the term "unwrought" refers to metal, whether or not refined, in the form of ingots, blocks, lumps,
billets, cakes, slabs, pigs, cathodes, anodes, briquettes, cubes, sticks, grains, sponge, pellets, flattened pellets, rounds, rondelles,
shot and similar manufactured primary forms, but does not cover rolled, forged, drawn or extruded products, tubular products or
cast or sintered forms which have been machined or processed otherwise than by simple trimming, scalping or descaling.

XV-4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 72

IRON AND STEEL

Notes

1.

In this chapter and, in the case of notes (d), (e) and (f) below throughout the tariff schedule, the following expressions have the
meanings hereby assigned to them:

(a) Pig iron

Iron-carbon alloys not usefully malleable, containing more than 2 percent by weight of carbon and which may contain by
weight one or more other elements within the following limits:

XV
72-1

- not more than 10 percent of chromium

- not more than 6 percent of manganese

- not more than 3 percent of phosphorus

- not more than 8 percent of silicon

- a total of not more than 10 percent of other elements.

(b) Spiegeleisen

Iron-carbon alloys containing by weight more than 6 percent but not more than 30 percent of manganese and otherwise
conforming to the specification at (a) above.

(c) Ferroalloys

Alloys in pigs, blocks, lumps or similar primary forms, in forms obtained by continuous casting and also in granular or powder
forms, whether or not agglomerated, commonly used as an additive in the manufacture of other alloys or as deoxidants,
desulfurizing agents or for similar uses in ferrous metallurgy and generally not usefully malleable, containing by weight 4
percent or more of the element iron and one or more of the following:

- more than 10 percent of chromium

- more than 30 percent of manganese

- more than 3 percent of phosphorus

- more than 8 percent of silicon

- a total of more than 10 percent of other elements, excluding carbon, subject to a maximum content of 10 percent in the
case of copper.

(d) Steel

Ferrous materials other than those of heading 7203 which (with the exception of certain types produced in the form of castings)
are usefully malleable and which contain by weight 2 percent or less of carbon. However, chromium steels may contain higher
proportions of carbon.

(e) Stainless steel

Alloy steels containing, by weight 1.2 percent or less of carbon and 10.5 percent or more of chromium, with or without other
elements.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-2
Notes (con.)

(f) Other alloy steel

Steels not complying with the definition of stainless steel and containing by weight one or more of the following elements in
the proportion shown:

- 0.3 percent or more of aluminum

- 0.0008 percent or more of boron

- 0.3 percent or more of chromium

- 0.3 percent or more of cobalt

- 0.4 percent or more of copper

- 0.4 percent or more of lead

- 1.65 percent or more of manganese

- 0.08 percent or more of molybdenum

- 0.3 percent or more of nickel

- 0.06 percent or more of niobium

- 0.6 percent or more of silicon.

- 0.05 percent or more of titanium

- 0.3 percent or more of tungsten (wolfram)

- 0.1 percent or more of vanadium

- 0.05 percent or more of zirconium

- 0.1 percent or more of other elements (except sulfur, phosphorus, carbon and nitrogen), taken separately.

(g) Remelting scrap ingots of iron or steel

Products roughly cast in the form of ingots without feeder-heads or hot tops, or of pigs, having obvious surface faults and
not complying with the chemical composition of pig iron, spiegeleisen or ferroalloys.

(h) Granules

Products of which less than 90 percent by weight passes through a sieve with a mesh aperture of 1 mm and of which 90
percent or more by weight passes through a sieve with a mesh aperture of 5 mm.

(ij) Semifinished products

Continuous cast products of solid section, whether or not subjected to primary hot-rolling; and

Other products of solid section, which have not been further worked than subjected to primary hot-rolling or roughly shaped
by forging, including blanks for angles, shapes or sections.

These products are not presented in coils.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-3

Notes (con.)

(k) Flat-rolled products

Rolled products of solid rectangular (other than square) cross section, which do not conform to the definition at (ij) above in
the form of:

- coils of successively superimposed layers, or

- straight lengths, which if of a thickness less than 4.75 mm are of a width measuring at least 10 times the thickness or if of
a thickness of 4.75 mm or more are of a width which exceeds 150 mm and measures at least twice the thickness.

Flat-rolled products include those with patterns in relief derived directly from rolling (for example, grooves, ribs, checkers,
tears, buttons, lozenges) and those which have been perforated, corrugated or polished, provided that they do not thereby
assume the character of articles or products of other headings.

Flat-rolled products of a shape other than rectangular or square, of any size, are to be classified as products of a width of
600 mm or more, provided that they do not assume the character of articles or products of other headings.

(l) Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils

Hot-rolled products in irregularly wound coils, which have a solid cross section in the shape of circles, segments of circles,
ovals, rectangles (including squares), triangles or other convex polygons (including "flattened circles" and "modified rectangles",
of which two opposite sides are convex arcs, the other two sides being straight, of equal length and parallel). These products
may have indentations, ribs, grooves or other deformations produced during the rolling process (reinforcing bars and rods).

(m) Other bars and rods

Products which do not conform to any of the definitions at (ij), (k) or (l) above or to the definition of wire, which have a uniform
solid cross section along their whole length in the shape of circles, segments of circles, ovals, rectangles (including squares),
triangles or other convex polygons (including "flattened circles" and "modified rectangles", of which two opposite sides are
convex arcs, the other two sides being straight, of equal length and parallel). These products may:

- have indentations, ribs, grooves or other deformations produced during the rolling process (reinforcing bars and rods);

- be twisted after rolling.

(n) Angles, shapes and sections

Products having a uniform solid cross section along their whole length which do not conform to any of the definitions at (ij),
(k), (l) or (m) above or to the definition of wire.

Chapter 72 does not include products of heading 7301 or 7302.

(o) Wire

Cold-formed products in coils, of any uniform solid cross section along their whole length, which do not conform to the definition
of flat-rolled products.

(p) Hollow drill bars and rods

Hollow bars and rods of any cross section, suitable for drills, of which the greatest external dimension of the cross section
exceeds 15 mm but does not exceed 52 mm, and of which the greatest internal dimension does not exceed one half of the
greatest external dimension. Hollow bars and rods of iron or steel not conforming to this definition are to be classified in
heading 7304.

2.

3.

Ferrous metals clad with another ferrous metal are to be classified as products of the ferrous metal predominating by weight.

Iron or steel products obtained by electrolytic deposition, by pressure casting or by sintering are to be classified according to
their form, their composition and their appearance, in the headings of this chapter appropriate to similar hot-rolled products.

Subheading Notes

1.

In this chapter the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-4
Subheading Notes (con.)

(a) Alloy pig iron

Pig iron containing, by weight, one or more of the following elements in the specified proportions:

- more than 0.2 percent of chromium

- more than 0.3 percent of copper

- more than 0.3 percent of nickel

- more than 0.1 percent of any of the following elements: aluminum, molybdenum, titanium, tungsten (wolfram), vanadium.

(b) Nonalloy free-cutting steel

Nonalloy steel containing by weight one or more of the following elements in the specified proportions:

- 0.08 percent or more of sulfur

- 0.1 percent or more of lead

- more than 0.05 percent of selenium

- more than 0.01 percent of tellurium

- more than 0.05 percent of bismuth.

(c) Silicon electrical steel

Alloy steels containing by weight at least 0.6 percent but not more than 6 percent of silicon and not more than 0.08 percent
of carbon. They may also contain by weight not more than 1 percent of aluminum but no other element in a proportion that
would give the steel the characteristics of another alloy steel.

(d) High-speed steel

Alloy steels containing, with or without other elements, at least two of the three elements molybdenum, tungsten and vanadium
with a combined content by weight of 7 percent or more, 0.6 percent or more of carbon and 3 to 6 percent of chromium.

(e) Silico-manganese steel

Alloy steels containing by weight:

- not more than 0.7 percent of carbon,

- 0.5 percent or more but not more than 1.9 percent of manganese, and

- 0.6 percent or more but not more than 2.3 percent of silicon, but no other element in a proportion that would give the steel
the characteristics of another alloy steel.

2.

For the classification of ferroalloys in the subheadings of heading 7202 the following rule should be observed:

A ferroalloy is considered as binary and classified under the relevant subheading (if it exists) if only one of the alloy elements
exceeds the minimum percentage laid down in chapter note 1(c); by analogy, it is considered respectively as ternary or quaternary
if two or three alloy elements exceed the minimum percentage.

For the application of this rule, the unspecified "other elements" referred to in chapter note 1(c) must each exceed 10 percent by
weight.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of the tariff schedule the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

(a) High-strength steel

Flat-rolled products of a thickness of less than 3 mm and having a minimum yield point of 275 MPa or of a thickness of 3 mm
or more and having a minimum yield point of 355 MPa.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-5

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(b) Universal mill plate

Flat-rolled products rolled on four faces or in a closed box pass, of a width exceeding 150 mm but not exceeding 1,250 mm
and of thickness of not less than 4 mm, not in coils and without patterns in relief.

(c) Concrete reinforcing bars and rods

Hot-rolled bars and rods containing indentations, ribs, grooves or other deformations produced during the rolling process or
twisted after rolling.

(d) Razor blade steel

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel not over 0.25 mm in thickness and not over 23 mm in width, and containing by weight
not over 14.7 percent of chromium, certified at the time of entry to be used in the manufacture of razor blades.

(e) Tool steel

Alloy steels which contain the following combinations of elements in the quantity by weight respectively indicated:

(i) more than 1.2 percent carbon and more than 10.5 percent chromium; or

(ii) not less than 0.3 percent carbon and 1.25 percent or more but less than 10.5 percent chromium; or

(iii) not less than 0.85 percent carbon and 1 percent to 1.8 percent, inclusive, manganese; or

(iv) 0.9 percent to 1.2 percent, inclusive, chromium and 0.9 percent to 1.4 percent, inclusive, molybdenum; or

(v) not less than 0.5 percent carbon and not less than 3.5 percent molybdenum; or

(vi) not less than 0.5 percent carbon and not less than 5.5 percent tungsten.

(f) Chipper knife steel

Alloy tool steels which contain, in addition to iron, each of the following elements by weight in the amount specified:

(i)

not less than 0.48 nor more than 0.55 percent of carbon;

(ii) not less than 0.2 nor more than 0.5 percent of manganese;

(iii) not less than 0.75 nor more than 1.05 percent of silicon;

(iv) not less than 7.25 nor more than 8.75 percent of chromium;

(v) not less than 1.25 nor more than 1.75 percent of molybdenum;

(vi) none, or not more than 1.75 percent of tungsten; and

(vii) not less than 0.2 nor more than 0.55 percent of vanadium.

(g) Heat-resisting steel

Alloy steels containing by weight less than 0.3 percent of carbon and 4 percent or more but less than 10.5 percent of chromium.

(h) Ball-bearing steel

Alloy tool steels which contain, in addition to iron, each of the following elements by weight in the amount specified:

(i)

not less than 0.95 nor more than 1.13 percent of carbon;

(ii) not less than 0.22 nor more than 0.48 percent of manganese;

(iii) none, or not more than 0.03 percent of sulfur;

(iv) none, or not more than 0.03 percent of phosphorus;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-6
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(v) not less than 0.18 nor more than 0.37 percent of silicon;

(vi) not less than 1.25 nor more than 1.65 percent of chromium;

(vii) none, or not more than 0.28 percent of nickel;

(viii) none, or not more than 0.38 percent of copper; and

(ix) none, or not more than 0.09 percent of molybdenum.

2.

For the purposes of this chapter, unless the context provides otherwise, the term "further worked" refers to products subjected
to any of the following surface treatments: polishing and burnishing; artificial oxidation; chemical surface treatments such as
phosphatizing, oxalating and borating; coating with metal; coating with nonmetallic substances (e.g., enameling, varnishing,
lacquering, painting, coating with plastics materials); or cladding.

3. No allowance or reduction of duties for partial damage or loss in consequence of discoloration or rust occurring before entry

shall be made upon iron or steel or upon any article of iron or steel.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of the tariff schedule, the expression high-nickel alloy steel refers to alloy steel containing by weight 24 percent
or more of nickel, with or without other elements.

For the purposes of subheading 7204.10, waste and scrap of cast iron includes but is not necessarily limited to: cupola cast
(ISRI number 252); charging box cast (ISRI number 253); heavy breakable cast (ISRI number 254); hammer blocks or bases
(ISRI number 255); burnt iron (ISRI number 256); mixed cast (ISRI number 257); stove plate, clean cast iron stove (ISRI number
258); clean auto cast (ISRI numbers 259, 262 and 263); motor blocks (ISRI number 260); drop broken machinery cast (ISRI
number 261); malleable (ISRI number 264); ingot molds and stools (ISRI numbers 265 and 266); and railroad ferrous scrap
consisting of cast iron No. 1, No. 2, No. 3 and No. 4, cast iron brake shoes and No. 1 wheels.

3.

For the purposes of subheading 7204.41 or 7204.49 the expression:

(a) No. 1 heavy melting includes, but is not necessarily limited to:

No. 1 heavy melting steel (ISRI numbers 200, 201 and 202); bundled No. 1 steel (ISRI number 217); cast steel (ISRI number
233); springs and crankshafts (ISRI number 244); ship scrap; and railroad ferrous scrap consisting of cast steel No. 1 and
No. 2, railroad No. 1 melting steel, spring steel, destroyed steel cars, destroyed steel car sides and box car roofs (note: other
types of railroad ferrous scrap are included in some of the grades listed below);

(b) No. 2 heavy melting includes, but is not necessarily limited to:

No. 2 heavy melting steel (ISRI numbers 203, 204, 205 and 206); bundled No. 2 steel (ISRI number 218); foundry steel (ISRI
numbers 242 and 243); and hard steel cut 76 cm and under (ISRI number 248);

(c) No. 1 bundles includes, but is not necessarily limited to:

No. 1 busheling (ISRI number 207); new black sheet clippings (ISRI number 207A); No. 1 bundles (ISRI number 208); electric
furnace bundles (ISRI number 235); silicon-bearing steel busheling, clippings, and bundles (ISRI numbers 239, 240 and 250);
No. 1 railroad ferrous sheet scrap; and car clips;

(d) No. 2 bundles includes, but is not necessarily limited to:

No. 2 bundles (ISRI number 209); No. 3 bundles (ISRI number 214); incinerator bundles (ISRI number 215); terne plate
bundles (ISRI number 216); and auto slabs (ISRI numbers 224 and 225);

(e) Borings, shovelings and turnings includes, but it not necessarily limited to:

Machine shop turnings, shoveling turnings and iron borings (ISRI numbers 219, 220, 221, 222 and 223); briquetted iron
borings (ISRI number 226); briquetted steel turnings (ISRI number 227); alloy free turnings (ISRI numbers 245, 246 and 247);
heavy turnings (ISRI number 251); chemical borings, No. 1 and No. 2 (ISRI numbers 267 and 271); malleable borings (ISRI
number 270); steel shavings; and railroad ferrous scrap consisting of No. 1 turnings and No. 2 turnings, drillings and/or
borings;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-7

Statistical Notes (con.)

(f) Shredded scrap includes, but is not necessarily limited to:

Shredded clippings (ISRI number 212); and shredded automobile scrap (ISRI numbers 210 and 211);

(g) Cut plate and structural includes but is not necessarily limited to:

Billet, bloom and forge crops (ISRI number 229); bar crops, punchings and plate scrap (ISRI numbers 230 and 234); plate
and structural (ISRI numbers 231, 232, 236, 237 and 238); chargeable ingots and ingot butts (ISRI number 241); and
chargeable slab crops (ISRI number 249).

4.

(a)

“Advanced” high strength steel refers to flat-rolled products of a thickness of less than 3 mm that meet the definition of
high-strength steel in Additional U.S. Note 1(a) to chapter 72 and have a minimum tensile strength of 590 MPa or more but
less than 980 MPa. “Ultra” high-strength steel refers to flat-rolled products of a thickness of less than 3 mm that meet the
definition of high-strength steel in Additional U.S. Note 1(a) to chapter 72 and have a minimum tensile strength of 980 MPa
or more.

(b)

"Other” high-strength steel refers to flat-rolled products of a thickness of less than 3 mm that meet the definition of high-strength
steel in Additional U.S. Note 1(a) to chapter 72 and have a minimum tensile strength of less than 590 MPa.

5.

Tire cord-quality steel wire rod

Rod measuring 5.0 mm or more but not more than 6.0 mm in cross-sectional diameter, with an average partial decarburization
of no more than 70 micrometers in depth (maximum 200 micrometers); having no non-deformable inclusions with a thickness
(measured perpendicular to the rolling direction) greater than 20 micrometers; and, containing by weight the following elements
in proportions:

– 0.68 percent or more carbon,

– less than 0.01 percent of aluminum,

– 0.040 percent or less, in aggregate, of phosphorus and sulfur,

– 0.008 percent or less of nitrogen, and

– not more than 0.55 percent, in the aggregate, of copper, nickel and chromium.

6. Cold Heading Quality (CHQ)

Rod suitable for cold heading, forging, or thread rolling, and meeting standard ASTM F2282.

7. Welding quality wire rod

Rod measuring less than 10 mm in diameter having less than 0.2 percent carbon, less than 0.04 percent sulfur, and less than
0.04 percent phosphorus, suitable for drawing or rolling to final size for use as:

(i)

an uncoated or plated or copper coated solid welding wire or rod;

(ii)

the core wire or core rod for covered shielded metal arc (“SMAW”) welding electrode, or

(iii)

the formed jacket of a flux cored welding electrode

that is suitable for consumption in the electric arc welding process.

8. Spring round wire

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 7223.00.1005, the term “spring round wire” means wire suitable for the manufacture
of springs and meeting ASTM standard A313.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

$1.11/t2/

$1.11/t

$1.11/t

0.5%

I. PRIMARY MATERIALS; PRODUCTS IN GRANULAR OR
POWDER FORM

7201
7201.10.00

00

Pig iron and spiegeleisen in pigs, blocks or other primary forms:
Nonalloy pig iron containing by weight 0.5 percent or less
of phosphorus.........................................................................

7201.20.00

00

Nonalloy pig iron containing by weight more than 0.5
percent of phosphorus...........................................................

t .................

Free1/

t .................

Free1/

7201.50
7201.50.30

7201.50.60
7202

00

00

7202.11
7202.11.10

00

Alloy pig iron; spiegeleisen:

Alloy pig iron.....................................................................

t .................

Spiegeleisen....................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

Ferroalloys:

Ferromanganese:

Containing by weight more than 2 percent of carbon:
Containing by weight more than 2 percent but not
more than 4 percent of carbon................................

7202.11.50

00

Containing by weight more than 4 percent of
carbon........................................................................

7202.19
7202.19.10

00

Other:

Containing by weight not more than 1 percent of
carbon........................................................................

7202.19.50

00

Containing by weight more than 1 percent but not
more than 2 percent of carbon................................

kg..............
Mn kg

1.4%1/

kg..............
Mn kg

1.5%1/

kg..............
Mn kg

2.3%1/

kg..............
Mn kg

1.4%1/

6.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10.5%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

22%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
72-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7202 (con.)

7202.21

7202.21.10

00

Ferroalloys: (con.)
Ferrosilicon:

Containing by weight more than 55 percent of silicon:
Containing by weight more than 55 percent but not
more than 80 percent of silicon:

Containing by weight more than 3 percent of
calcium................................................................

7202.21.50

00

Other...................................................................

7202.21.75

00

Containing by weight more than 80 percent but not
more than 90 percent of silicon...............................

7202.21.90

00

Containing by weight more than 90 percent of
silicon.........................................................................

kg..............
Si kg

1.1%1/

kg..............
Si kg

1.5%1/

kg..............
Si kg

1.9%1/

kg..............
Si kg

5.8%1/

7202.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

10

50

Containing by weight over 2 percent of
magnesium................................................................

Other..........................................................................

7202.30.00

00

Ferrosilicon manganese........................................................

kg
Si kg

kg
Si kg
kg..............
Mn kg

3.9%1/

11.5%2/

11.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.4¢/kg on
silicon
content2/

23%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7202 (con.)

Ferroalloys: (con.)

Ferrochromium:

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7202.41.00

00

Containing by weight more than 4 percent of carbon...

kg..............
Cr kg

1.9%1/

7202.49
7202.49.10

00

Other:

Containing by weight more than 3 percent of
carbon........................................................................

kg..............
Cr kg

1.9%1/

7202.49.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.1%1/

10

90

Containing by weight more than 0.5 percent
of carbon.............................................................

Other...................................................................

7202.50.00

00

Ferrosilicon chromium...........................................................

7202.60.00

00

Ferronickel..............................................................................

7202.70.00

00

Ferromolybdenum..................................................................

7202.80.00

00

Ferrotungsten and ferrosilicon tungsten..............................

kg
Cr kg

kg
Cr kg
kg..............
Cr kg

10%1/

kg..............
Ni kg

Free3/

kg..............
Mo kg

4.5%

kg..............
W kg

5.6%1/

7.5%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7.5%2/

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

6.6¢/kg

31.5%2/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7202 (con.)

Ferroalloys: (con.)

Other:

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-11

2

7202.91.00

00

Ferrotitanium and ferrosilicon titanium.........................

kg..............

3.7%1/

7202.92.00

00

Ferrovanadium................................................................

kg..............
V kg

4.2%1/

7202.93
7202.93.40

00

Ferroniobium:

Containing by weight less than 0.02 percent of
phosphorus or sulfur or less than 0.4 percent of
silicon.........................................................................

kg..............

5%3/

7202.93.80

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5%3/

7202.99
7202.99.10

00

Other:

Ferrozirconium..........................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/

7202.99.20

00

Calcium silicon..........................................................

kg..............

5%1/

7202.99.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

5%

20

40

7203

7203.10.00

00

Ferrophosphorus...............................................

Other...................................................................
Ferrous products obtained by direct reduction of iron ore and
other spongy ferrous products, in lumps, pellets or similar
forms; iron having a minimum purity by weight of 99.94 percent,
in lumps, pellets or similar forms:

Ferrous products obtained by direct reduction of iron
ore............................................................................................

kg

kg

t .................

Free1/

7203.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

25%

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$2.21/t2/

$2.21/t

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7204

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ferrous waste and scrap; remelting scrap ingots of iron or
steel:

7204.10.00

00

Waste and scrap of cast iron................................................

t .................

7204.21.00

00

Of stainless steel.............................................................

t .................

Waste and scrap of alloy steel:

7204.29.00
7204.30.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Waste and scrap of tinned iron or steel...............................

t .................
t .................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

7204.41.00

7204.49.00

7204.50.00
7205
7205.10.00

20

40

60

80

20

40

60

70

80
00

00

Other waste and scrap:

Turnings, shavings, chips, milling waste, sawdust,
filings, trimmings and stampings, whether or not in
bundles.............................................................................
No. 1 bundles............................................................

..................
t

Free1/

No. 2 bundles............................................................

Borings, shovelings and turnings............................

t

t

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
No. 1 heavy melting..................................................

t
..................
t

Free1/

No. 2 heavy melting..................................................

Other:

Cut plate and structural.....................................

Shredded............................................................

t

t

t

Other...................................................................
Remelting scrap ingots..........................................................
Granules and powders, of pig iron, spiegeleisen, iron or steel:
Granules..................................................................................

t
t .................

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

Powders:

7205.21.00

00

Of alloy steel....................................................................

kg..............

7205.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free1/

74¢/t

74¢/t2/

74¢/t2/
Free

74¢/t

74¢/t2/

74¢/t

3%

45%

$2.21/t2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

II. IRON AND NONALLOY STEEL

7206

Iron and nonalloy steel in ingots or other primary forms
(excluding iron of heading 7203):

7206.10.00

00

Ingots.......................................................................................

kg..............

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

7206.90.00
7207

7207.11.00

00

7207.12.00

7207.19.00

7207.20.00

10

50

30

90

25

45

75

90

Semifinished products of iron or nonalloy steel:

Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent of carbon:
Of rectangular (including square) cross section, the
width measuring less than twice the thickness............

Other, of rectangular (other than square) cross
section..............................................................................
Having a width measuring less than four times the
thickness....................................................................

Having a width measuring at least four times the
thickness....................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of circular cross section..........................................

Other..........................................................................
Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more of carbon.......
Of rectangular (including square) cross section:

Having a width measuring less than four times the
thickness....................................................................

Having a width measuring at least four times the
thickness....................................................................
Of circular cross section.................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

..................

Free4/3/

kg

kg
..................
kg

kg
..................

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

kg

kg
kg

kg

XV
72-13

2

20%

20%

20%

20%2/

20%

20%

XV
72-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7208

7208.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of iron or nonalloy steel, of a width of
600 mm or more, hot-rolled, not clad, plated or coated:

In coils, not further worked than hot-rolled, with patterns
in relief:

7208.10.15

00

Pickled..............................................................................

kg..............

7208.10.30

00

Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more........................

kg..............

Other:

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

7208.10.60

00

Of a thickness of less than 4.75 mm......................
Other, in coils, not further worked than hot-rolled, pickled:

kg..............

Free4/3/

7208.25
7208.25.30

7208.25.60
7208.26.00

7208.27.00

7208.36.00

7208.37.00

7208.38.00

7208.39.00

00

00

30

60

40

45
60

30

60

30

60

15

30

90

20

25

30

90

Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more:

Of high-strength steel...............................................

kg..............

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Of a thickness of 3 mm or more but less than
4.75 mm............................................................................
High-strength steel...................................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Of a thickness of less than 3 mm..................................

kg
..................

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

High-strength steel:

“Advanced” or “ultra” of a kind described in
statistical note 4 to this chapter........................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

Other, in coils, not further worked than hot-rolled:

kg

kg
kg

Of a thickness exceeding 10 mm..................................
High-strength steel...................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................
Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more but not exceeding
10 mm...............................................................................
High-strength steel...................................................

kg

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Of a thickness of 3 mm or more but less than
4.75 mm............................................................................
High-strength steel...................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

With untrimmed edges......................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Of a thickness of less than 3 mm..................................

kg
..................

Free4/3/

High-strength steel:

“Advanced” or “ultra” of a kind described in
statistical note 4 to this chapter........................

Other...................................................................

Other:

With untrimmed edges......................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

0.4¢/kg + 20%

20%2/

20%2/

20%2/

0.4¢/kg + 20%

0.4¢/kg + 20%

0.4¢/kg + 20%

20%2/

20%2/

20%2/

20%2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7208 (con.)

7208.40

7208.40.30

7208.40.60

7208.51.00

7208.52.00

30

60

30

60

30

45

60
00

Flat-rolled products of iron or nonalloy steel, of a width of
600 mm or more, hot-rolled, not clad, plated or coated: (con.)
Not in coils, not further worked than hot-rolled, with patterns
in relief:

Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more...............................
Of a thickness exceeding 10 mm...........................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................
Of a thickness of less than 4.75 mm.............................
Of a thickness less than 3 mm................................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other, not in coils, not further worked than hot-rolled:

Of a thickness exceeding 10 mm..................................
Universal mill plate...................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

Of high-strength steel........................................

Other...................................................................
Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more but not exceeding
10 mm...............................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

Free4/3/

kg..............

Free4/3/

7208.53.00

00

Of a thickness of 3 mm or more but less than
4.75 mm............................................................................

7208.54.00
7208.90.00

00
00

Of a thickness of less than 3 mm..................................
Other........................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

20%2/

20%2/

20%2/

20%2/

20%2/

20%2/
20%2/

XV
72-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7209

7209.15.00

00

40

45
60

70

91

40

45
60

70

91

30

60

20

85

20

90

7209.17.00

7209.18
7209.18.15

7209.18.25

7209.18.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of iron or nonalloy steel, of a width of
600 mm or more, cold-rolled (cold-reduced), not clad, plated
or coated:

In coils, not further worked than cold-rolled (cold-reduced):
Of a thickness of 3 mm or more.....................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

7209.16.00

Of a thickness exceeding 1 mm but less than 3 mm....

..................

Free4/3/

Of high-strength steel:

Annealed:

“Advanced” or “ultra” of a kind described
in statistical note 4 to this chapter.............

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

Other:

Annealed.............................................................

Other...................................................................

Of a thickness of 0.5 mm or more but not exceeding
1 mm.................................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

..................

Free4/3/

0.4¢/kg +
20%2/

Of high-strength steel:

Annealed:

“Advanced” or “ultra” of a kind described
in statistical note 4 to this chapter.............

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

Other:

Annealed.............................................................

Other...................................................................

Of a thickness of less than 0.5 mm:

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

Of high-strength steel...............................................
Annealed.............................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other...................................................................

kg

Other:

Of a thickness of less than 0.361 mm
(blackplate).........................................................
Annealed......................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

Free4/3/

Annealed......................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Not in coils, not further worked than cold-rolled
(cold-reduced):

7209.25.00

00

Of a thickness of 3 mm or more.....................................

kg..............

7209.26.00

00

Of a thickness exceeding 1 mm but less than 3 mm....

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

7209.27.00

00

Of a thickness of 0.5 mm or more but not exceeding
1 mm.................................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

7209.28.00
7209.90.00

00
00

Of a thickness of less than 0.5 mm...............................
Other........................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

0.4¢/kg + 20%

0.4¢/kg +
20%2/

0.4¢/kg + 20%

20%

0.4¢/kg +
20%2/

0.4¢/kg + 20%

0.4¢/kg + 20%

0.4¢/kg + 20%

0.4¢/kg + 20%
0.4¢/kg + 20%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7210

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of iron or nonalloy steel, of a width of
600 mm or more, clad, plated or coated:

Plated or coated with tin:

7210.11.00

00

Of a thickness of 0.5 mm or more.................................

kg..............

7210.12.00
7210.20.00

00
00

Of a thickness of less than 0.5 mm...............................
Plated or coated with lead, including terne-plate...............

kg..............
kg..............

7210.30.00

30

60

Electrolytically plated or coated with zinc............................
Of high-strength steel.....................................................

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

Otherwise plated or coated with zinc:

7210.41.00

00

Corrugated.......................................................................

kg..............

7210.49.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free4/3/

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

40

45

91

95

20

90

Of high-strength steel:

“Advanced” or “ultra” of a kind described in
statistical note 4 to this chapter........................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Of a thickness of 0.4 mm or more....................

Other...................................................................
Plated or coated with chromium oxides or with chromium
and chromium oxides.............................................................
Of a width less than 1050 mm................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Plated or coated with aluminum:

7210.50.00

7210.61.00

00

Plated or coated with aluminum-zinc alloys.................

kg..............

7210.69.00
7210.70
7210.70.30

00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Painted, varnished or coated with plastics:

Not coated or plated with metal and not clad...............

kg..............

7210.70.60

Other.................................................................................

..................

30

60
90

00

7210.90
7210.90.10

Zinc coated or plated:

Electrolytically coated or plated.......................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other:

Clad...................................................................................

kg..............

Other:

7210.90.60

00

Electrolytically coated or plated with base metal...

kg..............

7210.90.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

XV
72-17

2

6%

6%
6%

21.5%

21.5%2/

21.5%2/

45%

21.5%2/

21.5%2/

0.4¢/kg + 20%

21.5%2/

30%

45%

21.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7211

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of iron or nonalloy steel, of a width of less
than 600 mm, not clad, plated or coated:
Not further worked than hot-rolled:

7211.13.00

00

Universal mill plate..........................................................

kg..............

7211.14.00

30

45

90

Other, of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more....................
Of high-strength steel...............................................

..................
kg

Other:

Not in coils..........................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

7211.19

Other:

Of a width of less than 300 mm:

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

7211.19.15

00

Of high-strength steel........................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

7211.19.20

00

7211.19.30

00

Of a thickness exceeding 1.25 mm...........

kg..............

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Other:

Other:

7211.19.45

00

Of high-strength steel........................................

kg..............

7211.19.60

00

7211.19.75

Pickled..........................................................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

..................

Other:

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

30

60
90

In coils:

With untrimmed edges..................

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

kg

kg
kg

7211.23

Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent of carbon:

Not further worked than cold-rolled (cold-reduced):

7211.23.15

00

7211.23.20
7211.23.30

00
00

7211.23.45
7211.23.60

7211.29

7211.29.20

7211.29.45
7211.29.60

7211.90.00

00

30

60

90

30

90
00

30

80
00

Of a width of less than 300 mm:

Of a thickness exceeding 1.25 mm:

Of high-strength steel.................................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Of a thickness exceeding 0.25 mm but not
exceeding 1.25 mm...........................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Of a thickness not exceeding 0.25 mm...........
Other..........................................................................
Of a thickness exceeding 1.25 mm.................

kg..............
..................
kg

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

Of a thickness exceeding 0.25 mm but not
exceeding 1.25 mm...........................................

Of a thickness not exceeding 0.25 mm:..........

kg

kg

Other:

Of a width of less than 300 mm:

Of a thickness exceeding 0.25 mm.................
Of a width less than 51 mm, in coils.........

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Of a thickness exceeding 1.25 mm.................

kg
kg..............
..................
kg

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

Other...................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free4/3/

20%

20%

25%

25%

25%

20%

0.4¢/kg + 20%

20%

25%

25%

25%

25%
0.4¢/kg + 20%

25%

25%
0.4¢/kg + 20%

20%

XV
72-19

2

6%

21.5%

25%

25%
21.5%

25%2/

0.4¢/kg +
20%2/
21.5%

30%

20%2/

5.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7212

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of iron or nonalloy steel, of a width of less
than 600 mm, clad, plated or coated:

7212.10.00

00

Plated or coated with tin........................................................

kg..............

7212.20.00

00

Electrolytically plated or coated with zinc............................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

7212.30

7212.30.10

7212.30.30
7212.30.50
7212.40
7212.40.10

30

90
00
00

00

Otherwise plated or coated with zinc:

Of a width of less than 300 mm:

Of a thickness exceeding 0.25 mm or more..........
Of a width less than 51 mm, in coils................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............
kg..............

Painted, varnished or coated with plastics:

Of a width of less than 300 mm.....................................

kg..............

7212.40.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

7212.50.00

00

Otherwise plated or coated...................................................

kg..............

7212.60.00
7213

00

Clad.........................................................................................
Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils, of iron or
nonalloy steel:

kg..............

Free4/3/

7213.10.00

00

Concrete reinforcing bars and rods.....................................

kg..............

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Other, of free-cutting steel....................................................
Containing by weight 0.1 percent or more of lead.......

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

Other:

7213.20.00

7213.91

7213.91.30

10

80

11

15

20

93

Of circular cross section measuring less than 14 mm
in diameter:

Not tempered, not treated and not partly
manufactured............................................................
Tire cord-quality steel wire rod of a kind
described in statistical note 5 to this
chapter................................................................

Of Cold Heading Quality (CHQ) steel of a kind
described in statistical note 6 to this
chapter................................................................

Of welding quality wire rods of a kind
described in statistical note 7 to this
chapter................................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

..................

Free4/3/

5.5%

kg

kg

kg

kg

7213.91.45

00

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of
carbon.................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

7213.91.60
7213.99.00

00

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg..............
..................

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

5.5%

6%
5.5%

30

60
90

Of circular cross section:

With a diameter of 14 mm or more but less
than 19 mm.........................................................

With a diameter of 19 mm or more..................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7214

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other bars and rods of iron or nonalloy steel, not further worked
than forged, hot-rolled, hot-drawn or hot-extruded, but including
those twisted after rolling:

7214.10.00

00

Forged.....................................................................................

kg..............

7214.20.00

00

Concrete reinforcing bars and rods.....................................

kg..............

7214.30.00

7214.91.00

7214.99.00

10

80

16

20

60

90

16

21

26

31

36

40
45

60

75

90

Free4/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Other, of free-cutting steel....................................................
Containing by weight 0.1 percent or more of lead.......

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

Other:

Of rectangular (other than square) cross-section........
Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent of
carbon:

With a maximum cross section less than 152
mm.......................................................................

With a maximum cross section of 152 mm or
more....................................................................
Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more but less
than 0.6 percent of carbon.......................................

..................

Free4/3/

kg

kg

kg

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of
carbon........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

Free4/3/

Rounds:

Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent
of carbon:

With a diameter less than 76 mm..............

kg

With a diameter of 76 mm or more but not
exceeding 152 mm......................................

With a diameter exceeding 152 mm.........
Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more but
less than 0.6 percent of carbon:

kg

kg

With a diameter less than 76 mm..............

kg

With a diameter of 76 mm or more but not
exceeding 152 mm......................................

With a diameter exceeding 152 mm.........

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of
carbon.................................................................

Other:

Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent
of carbon.............................................................

Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more but
less than 0.6 percent of carbon........................

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of
carbon.................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

20%

20%2/

20%

20%

20%2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Other bars and rods of iron or nonalloy steel:

Of free-cutting steel, not further worked than cold-formed
or cold-finished.......................................................................
Containing by weight 0.1 percent or more of lead.......

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other.................................................................................

kg

XV
72-21

2

0.3¢/kg + 20%

Other, not further worked than cold-formed or
cold-finished...........................................................................
Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent of carbon:
With a diameter or cross section measuring less
than 76 mm...............................................................

With a diameter or cross section measuring 76
mm or more but not exceeding 228 mm................

With a diameter or cross section exceeding 228
mm..............................................................................

Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more but less
than 0.6 percent of carbon:

With a diameter or cross section measuring less
than 76 mm...............................................................

With a diameter or cross section measuring 76
mm or more but not exceeding 228 mm................

With a diameter or cross section exceeding 228
mm..............................................................................
Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of carbon...

..................

Free4/3/

0.3¢/kg + 20%

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7215
7215.10.00

7215.50.00

10

80

16

18

20

61

63

65

90

7215.90

Other:

Plated or coated with metal:

7215.90.10

00

Not cold-formed........................................................

kg..............

7215.90.30
7215.90.50

00
00

Cold-formed..............................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

0.4¢/kg + 20%

0.3¢/kg + 20%
0.3¢/kg + 20%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
72-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7216
7216.10.00

10

50

Angles, shapes and sections of iron or nonalloy steel:

U, I or H sections, not further worked than hot-rolled,
hot-drawn or extruded, of a height of less than 80 mm......
U sections.........................................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other.................................................................................

kg

L or T sections, not further worked than hot-rolled,
hot-drawn or extruded, of a height of less than 80 mm:

7216.21.00

00

L sections.........................................................................

kg..............

7216.22.00

00

T sections.........................................................................

kg..............

U, I or H sections, not further worked than hot-rolled,
hot-drawn or extruded, of a height of 80 mm or more:

7216.31.00

00

U sections.........................................................................

kg..............

7216.32.00

00

I sections (standard beams)..........................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

7216.33.00

7216.40.00

7216.50.00

30

60

90

10

50
00

H sections.........................................................................
Weighing not more than 11.3 kg per 30.5 cm, with
a web depth measuring 102 mm to 356 mm.........

Weighing more than 11.3 kg but not more than
27.2 kg per 30.5 cm, with a web depth measuring
203 mm to 457 mm..................................................

Other..........................................................................

L or T sections, not further worked than hot-rolled,
hot-drawn or extruded, of a height of 80 mm or more........
L sections.........................................................................

..................

Free4/3/

kg

kg

kg

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other.................................................................................

kg

Other angles, shapes and sections, not further worked
than hot-rolled, hot-drawn or extruded................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Angles, shapes and sections, not further worked than
cold-formed or cold-finished:

7216.61.00

00

Obtained from flat-rolled products.................................

kg..............

7216.69.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

7216.91.00

7216.99.00

10

90

10

90

Cold-formed or cold-finished from flat-rolled
products............................................................................
Drilled, notched, punched or cambered.................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Drilled, notched, punched or cambered.................

kg
..................
kg

Free3/4/

Other..........................................................................

kg

2%

2%

2%

2%

2%

2%

2%

2%

20%

20%2/

20%2/

20%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-23

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7217
7217.10

7217.10.10

00

7217.10.20

00

Wire of iron or nonalloy steel:

Not plated or coated, whether or not polished:

Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent of carbon:

Flat wire:

Of a thickness not exceeding 0.25 mm...........

kg..............

Free4/3/

Of a thickness exceeding 0.25 mm but not
exceeding 1.25 mm...........................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

7217.10.30

00

Of a thickness exceeding 1.25 mm.................

kg..............

7217.10.40

With a diameter of less than 1.5 mm...............

..................

Round wire:

40

45
90

30

90
00

7217.10.50

7217.10.60

Heat treated:

In coils weighing not more than 2
kilograms...............................................

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
With a diameter of 1.5 mm or more.................
Heat treated.................................................

kg
kg
..................
kg

Other.............................................................
Other wire..................................................................

kg
kg..............

7217.10.70

00

Flat wire.....................................................................

kg..............

Other:

Free4/3/

Free5/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

7217.10.80

7217.10.90

10

20

25

30

45

60

75

90
00

Round wire................................................................
Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more but
less than 0.6 percent of carbon:

Heat treated.................................................

Other.............................................................

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of
carbon:

Heat treated:

With a diameter of less than 1.0
mm.........................................................

With a diameter of 1.0 mm or more but
less than 1.5 mm..................................

With a diameter of 1.5 mm or more.....

Other:

With a diameter of less than 1.0
mm.........................................................

With a diameter of 1.0 mm or more but
less than 1.5 mm..................................

..................

Free4/3/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

With a diameter of 1.5 mm or more.....
Other wire..................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free4/3/

25%2/

25%

25%

25%

25%

7%

25%2/

25%

25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Wire of iron or nonalloy steel: (con.)
Plated or coated with zinc:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
72-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7217 (con.)
7217.20
7217.20.15

00

Flat wire............................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Round wire:

7217.20.30

00

With a diameter of 1.5 mm or more and containing
by weight less than 0.25 percent of carbon...........

kg..............

Free4/3/

7217.20.45

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free4/3/

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

With a diameter of less than 1.0 mm:

Containing by weight less than 0.25
percent of carbon........................................

Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more
but less than 0.6 percent of carbon...........

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more
of carbon......................................................

With a diameter of 1.0 mm or more but less
than 1.5 mm:

Containing by weight less than 0.25
percent of carbon........................................

Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more
but less than 0.6 percent of carbon...........

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more
of carbon......................................................

With a diameter of 1.5 mm or more:

Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more
but less than 0.6 percent of carbon...........

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more
of carbon......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

7217.20.60

00

Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent of
carbon........................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

7217.20.75

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

26%

7%2/

25%

25%

26%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Wire of iron or nonalloy steel: (con.)

Plated or coated with other base metals:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-25

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7217 (con.)
7217.30
7217.30.15

30

60

Flat wire............................................................................
Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of
carbon........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Round wire:

..................

Free4/3/

kg

kg

7217.30.30

00

With a diameter of 1.5 mm or more and containing
by weight less than 0.25 percent of carbon...........

kg..............

Free4/3/

7217.30.45

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free5/

04

11

20

30

41

50

60

90

Containing by weight less than 0.20 percent
of carbon, and suitable for electric arc
welding................................................................

kg

Other:

With a diameter of less than 1.0 mm:

Containing by weight less than 0.25
percent of carbon.................................

kg

Containing by weight 0.25 percent or
more but less than 0.6 percent or
carbon....................................................

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or
more of carbon......................................
With a diameter of 1.0 mm or more but less
than 1.5 mm:

kg

kg

Containing by weight less than 0.25
percent of carbon.................................

kg

Containing by weight 0.25 percent or
more but less than 0.6 percent of
carbon....................................................

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or
more of carbon......................................
With a diameter of 1.5 mm or more...........

kg

kg
kg

7217.30.60

00

7217.30.75
7217.90
7217.90.10

00

00

7217.90.50

30

60

90

Other:

Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent of
carbon........................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Other:

Coated with plastics........................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Other.................................................................................
Containing by weight less than 0.25 percent of
carbon........................................................................

Containing by weight 0.25 percent or more but less
than 0.6 percent of carbon.......................................

Containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of
carbon........................................................................

..................

Free4/3/

kg

kg

kg

26%

7%

25%

25%

26%

2%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

III. STAINLESS STEEL

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7218

Stainless steel in ingots or other primary forms; semi-finished
products of stainless steel:

7218.10.00

00

Ingots and other primary forms.............................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Other:

Of rectangular (other than square) cross-section........
Having a width less than four times the thickness:
Having a cross-sectional area of less than
232 cm2...............................................................

..................

Free4/3/

kg

29%

29%

Having a cross-sectional area of 232 cm2 or
more....................................................................
Having a width at least four times the thickness....
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg
..................

Free4/3/

29%

Of square cross section:

Having a cross-sectional area of less than
232 cm2...............................................................

Having a cross-sectional area of 232 cm2 or
more....................................................................

Of circular cross section:

Having a cross-sectional area of less than
232 cm2...............................................................

Having a cross-sectional area of 232 cm2 or
more....................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

7218.91.00

7218.99.00

15

30

60

15

30

45

60

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-27

2

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel, of a width of 600 mm or
more:

Not further worked than hot-rolled, in coils:

Of a thickness exceeding 10 mm..................................
Of a width not exceeding 1575 mm........................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Of a width exceeding 1575 mm..............................
Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more but not exceeding
10 mm...............................................................................
Not annealed or not pickled.....................................

kg

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

kg

Other:

Of a width of 1370 mm or more:

Of a thickness exceeding 6.8 mm:
Of a width not exceeding
1575 mm.........................................

Of a width exceeding 1575 mm....

Other:

Of a width not exceeding
1575 mm.........................................

Of a width exceeding 1575 mm....

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent by
weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent
but less than 5 percent by weight
of molybdenum..............................

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Of a thickness of 3 mm or more but less than
4.75 mm............................................................................
Not annealed or not pickled.....................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

Of a width of 1370 mm or more........................

kg

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent but less
than 24 percent by weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent but
less than 5 percent by weight of
molybdenum.........................................

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Of a thickness of less than 3 mm..................................
Of a width of 1370 mm or more..............................

kg
kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

29%

29%

29%

29%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7219

7219.11.00

7219.12.00

7219.13.00

7219.14.00

30

60

02

06

21

26

51

56

66

71
81

02

31

51

71
81

30

65

90

XV
72-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7219 (con.)

7219.21.00

05

20

40

60

05

15

20

25

35

40

45

70

75

80

30

60

30

60

7219.22.00

7219.23.00

7219.24.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel, of a width of 600 mm or
more: (con.)

Not further worked than hot-rolled, not in coils:

Of a thickness exceeding 10 mm..................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel..........................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

Of a width not exceeding 1575 mm.................

kg

Of a width exceeding 1575 mm but not
exceeding 1880 mm..........................................

Of a width exceeding 1880 mm.......................
Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more but not exceeding
10 mm...............................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel..........................................

kg

kg

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent by weight
of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent but less
than 5 percent by weight of molybdenum:
Of a width not exceeding 1575 mm....

Of a width exceeding 1575 mm but not
exceeding 1880 mm.............................

Of a width exceeding 1880 mm..........

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Of a width not exceeding 1575 mm....

kg

Of a width exceeding 1575 mm but not
exceeding 1880 mm.............................

Of a width exceeding 1880 mm..........

kg

kg

Other:

Of a width not exceeding 1575 mm..........

kg

Of a width exceeding 1575 mm but not
exceeding 1880 mm...................................

Of a width exceeding 1880 mm.................

Of a thickness of 3 mm or more but less than
4.75 mm............................................................................
Of a width of 1370 mm or more..............................

kg

kg

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................
Of a thickness of less than 3 mm..................................
Of a width of 1370 mm or more..............................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................

kg

29%

29%

29%

29%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel, of a width of 600 mm or
more: (con.)

Not further worked than cold-rolled (cold-reduced):

Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more...............................
In coils........................................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Not in coils.................................................................

kg

Of a thickness of 3 mm or more but less than
4.75 mm............................................................................

..................

Free4/3/

In coils:

XV
72-29

2

29%

29%

Of a width of 1370 mm or more:

Of high-nickel alloy steel............................

kg

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent by
weight of nickel.....................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Of high-nickel alloy steel............................

kg

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent by
weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent
but less than 5 percent by weight
of molybdenum..............................

Other...............................................

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent
by weight of chromium..................

Other...............................................

Not in coils:

Of a width of 1370 mm or more........................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7219 (con.)

7219.31.00

7219.32.00

10

50

05

20

25

35

36

38

42

44

45

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7219 (con.)

7219.33.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel, of a width of 600 mm or
more: (con.)

Not further worked than cold-rolled (cold-reduced): (con.)
Of a thickness exceeding 1 mm but less than 3 mm....

In coils:

..................

Free4/3/

29%

05

20

25

35

36

38

42

44

45

70

80

05

20

25

30

35
50

7219.34.00

Of a width of 1370 mm or more:

Of high-nickel alloy steel............................

kg

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent by
weight of nickel.....................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Of high-nickel alloy steel............................

kg

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent by
weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent
but less than 5 percent by weight
of molybdenum..............................

Other...............................................

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent
by weight of chromium..................

Other...............................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Not in coils:

Of a width of 1370 mm or more........................

kg

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent but less
than 24 percent by weight of nickel..........

Other.............................................................

Of a thickness of 0.5 mm or more but not exceeding
1 mm.................................................................................

kg

kg

..................

Free4/3/

29%

In coils:

Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

kg

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent by
weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent but
less than 5 percent by weight of
molybdenum.........................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent by
weight of chromium..............................

Other......................................................
Not in coils.................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7219 (con.)

7219.35.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel, of a width of 600 mm or
more: (con.)

Not further worked than cold-rolled (cold-reduced): (con.)
Of a thickness of less than 0.5 mm...............................

In coils:

..................

Free4/3/

29%

XV
72-31

2

7219.90.00

05

15

30

35
50

10

20

25

60

80

Containing more than 0.5 percent but less than
24 percent by weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent but less
than 5 percent by weight of
molybdenum................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent by weight
of chromium.................................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Not in coils.................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel.................................................

kg
kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

29%

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent by weight of
nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent but less than
5 percent by weight of molybdenum................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent by weight of
chromium............................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7220

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel, of a width of less than
600 mm:

Not further worked than hot-rolled:

7220.11.00

00

Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more...............................

kg..............

7220.12
7220.12.10

00

Of a thickness of less than 4.75 mm:

Of a width of 300 mm or more.................................

kg..............

7220.12.50

00

Of a width of less than 300 mm..............................

kg..............

Free5/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

29%

29%

34%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-33

2

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel, of a width of less than
600 mm: (con.)

Not further worked than cold-rolled (cold-reduced):

Of a width of 300 mm or more.......................................
Containing more than 0.5 percent but less than 24
percent by weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent but less than
5 percent by weight of molybdenum................

Other...................................................................

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent by weight of
chromium............................................................

Other...................................................................

Of a width of less than 300 mm:

..................

Free4/3/

29%

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7220 (con.)

7220.20
7220.20.10

7220.20.60

7220.20.70

10

15

60

80

05

10

15

60

80

05

10

15

60

80

Of a thickness exceeding 1.25 mm........................
Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

Containing more than 0.5 percent by
weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent but
less than 5 percent by weight of
molybdenum.........................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent by
weight of chromium..............................

Other......................................................

Of a thickness exceeding 0.25 mm but not
exceeding 1.25 mm..................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

Other:

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Containing more than 0.5 percent by
weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent but
less than 5 percent by weight of
molybdenum.........................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent by
weight of chromium..............................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

7220.20.80

00

7220.20.90

30

60

Of a thickness not exceeding 0.25 mm:

Razor blade steel...............................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Other...................................................................
Containing more than 0.5 percent but less
than 24 percent by weight of nickel..........

Other.............................................................

..................

Free5/

kg

kg

34%

34%

34%

34%

XV
72-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7220 (con.)

7220.90.00

7221.00.00

10

15

60

80

05

17

18

30

45
75

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel, of a width of less than
600 mm: (con.)

Other........................................................................................
Containing more than 0.5 percent but less than 24
percent by weight of nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent but less than 5
percent by weight of molybdenum..........................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent by weight of
chromium...................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils, of stainless
steel................................................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel.......................................................

Other:

Of circular cross section:

With a diameter of less than 14 mm:

..................

Free4/3/

46%

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................
kg

Free4/3/

11%

Containing less than 8 percent by weight of
nickel...................................................................

Containing 8 percent or more but less than 24
percent by weight of nickel...............................

With a diameter of 14 mm or more but less than
19 mm........................................................................

With a diameter of 19 mm or more.........................
Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-35

2

Other bars and rods of stainless steel; angles, shapes and
sections of stainless steel:

Bars and rods, not further worked than hot-rolled,
hot-drawn or extruded:

Of circular cross-section.................................................
Electroslag or vacuum arc remelted.......................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Of high-nickel alloy steel..........................................

kg

Other:

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
less than 152.4 mm:

Containing less than 8 percent by weight
of nickel........................................................

Containing 8 percent or more but less than
24 percent by weight of nickel...................
With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
152.4 mm or more:

kg

kg

Containing less than 8 percent by weight
of nickel........................................................

kg

Containing 8 percent or more but less than
24 percent by weight of nickel...................
Other.................................................................................
Electroslag or vacuum arc remelted.......................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

kg

Other:

Containing less than 8 percent by weight
of nickel........................................................

Containing 8 percent or more but less than
24 percent by weight of nickel...................

kg

kg

29%

29%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7222

7222.11.00

01

06

57

59

82

84

01

06

52

54

7222.19.00

XV
72-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7222 (con.)

7222.20.00

01

06

41

43

62

64

67

69

71

73

01

12

22

24

82

84

7222.30.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

29%

29%2/

Other bars and rods of stainless steel; angles, shapes and
sections of stainless steel: (con.)

Bars and rods, not further worked than cold-formed or
cold-finished...........................................................................
Electroslag or vacuum arc remelted..............................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Of high-nickel alloy steel.................................................

kg

Other:

Of a circular cross-section:

With a maximum circular cross-sectional
dimension of less than 18 mm:

Containing less than 8 percent by weight
of nickel........................................................

Containing 8 percent or more but less than
24 percent by weight of nickel...................

With a maximum circular cross-sectional
dimension of 18 mm or more and less than
152.4 mm:

Containing less than 8 percent by weight
of nickel........................................................

Containing 8 percent or more but less than
24 percent by weight of nickel...................

With a maximum circular cross-sectional
dimension of 152.4 mm or more:

Containing less than 8 percent by weight
of nickel........................................................

Containing 8 percent or more but less than
24 percent by weight of nickel...................

Other:

Containing less than 8 percent by weight of
nickel...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Containing 8 percent or more but less than 24
percent by weight of nickel...............................
Other bars and rods...............................................................
Electroslag or vacuum arc remelted..............................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Of high-nickel alloy steel.................................................

kg

Other:

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of less
than 152.4 mm:

Containing less than 8 percent by weight of
nickel...................................................................

Containing 8 percent or more but less than 24
percent by weight of nickel...............................

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
152.4 mm or more:

Containing less than 8 percent by weight of
nickel...................................................................

Containing 8 percent or more but less than 24
percent by weight of nickel...............................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-37

2

Other bars and rods of stainless steel; angles, shapes and
sections of stainless steel: (con.)
Angles, shapes and sections:

Hot-rolled, not drilled, not punched and not otherwise
advanced..........................................................................
With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
80 mm or more:

Angles.................................................................

Other...................................................................
With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of less
than 80 mm:

..................

Free4/3/

10%

kg

kg

Angles.................................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free4/3/

Wire of stainless steel:

Round wire..............................................................................
Spring round wire of a kind described in statistical note
8 to this chapter...............................................................

..................

Free4/3/

kg

Other:

With a diameter of less than 0.25 mm....................

kg

With a diameter of 0.25 mm or more but less than
0.76 mm.....................................................................

With a diameter of 0.76 mm or more but less than
1.52 mm.....................................................................

With a diameter of 1.52 mm or more but less than
5.1 mm.......................................................................

kg

kg

kg

With a diameter of 5.1 mm or more........................
Flat wire...................................................................................

kg
kg..............

7223.00.90

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

28%

34%

34%

34%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7222 (con.)

7222.40
7222.40.30

25

45

65

85
00

05

16

31

46

61

76
00

7222.40.60
7223.00
7223.00.10

7223.00.50

XV
72-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7224

7224.10.00

7224.90.00

05

45

75

05

15

25

35

45

55

65

75

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

IV. OTHER ALLOY STEEL; HOLLOW DRILL BARS AND
RODS, OF ALLOY OR NONALLOY STEEL

Other alloy steel in ingots or other primary forms; semi-finished
products of other alloy steel:

Ingots and other primary forms.............................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel.................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

Of tool steel...............................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel.................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

28%

28%2/

Other:

Of tool steel:

Of rectangular (including square) cross
section:

Having a width less than four times the
thickness......................................................

Having a width at least four times the
thickness......................................................
Other...................................................................

Other:

Of rectangular (including square) cross
section:

Having a width less than four times the
thickness......................................................

Having a width at least four times the
thickness......................................................
Of circular cross section...................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7225

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of other alloy steel, of a width of 600 mm
or more:

Of silicon electrical steel:

XV
72-39

2

7225.11.00

00

Grain-oriented..................................................................

kg..............

7225.19.00
7225.30

00

7225.30.11

7225.30.30

7225.30.51

7225.30.70
7225.40

7225.40.11

7225.40.30

7225.40.51

7225.40.70
7225.50
7225.50.11

10

80

05

50

10

80
00

10

80

05

50

10

30

60
00

10

30

60

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Other, not further worked than hot-rolled, in coils:

Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more:

Of tool steel...............................................................
Of high-speed steel...........................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other...................................................................

kg

Of a thickness of less than 4.75 mm:

Of tool steel...............................................................
Of high-speed steel...........................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free4/3/

Other, not further worked than hot-rolled, not in coils:

Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more:

Of tool steel...............................................................
Of high-speed steel...........................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other...................................................................

kg

Of a thickness of less than 4.75 mm:

Of tool steel...............................................................
Of high-speed steel...........................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Of ball-bearing steel..........................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other, not further worked than cold-rolled (cold-reduced):
Of tool steel......................................................................
Of high-speed steel..................................................

kg
kg..............

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Of ball-bearing steel.................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

7225.50.60

00

Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more........................

kg..............

7225.50.70

00

Heat-resisting steel............................................

kg..............

Of a thickness of less than 4.75 mm:

7225.50.80

10

80

Other...................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel............................

..................
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

28%2/

28%2/

29%

28%

29%

28%

29%

28%

29%

28%

29%

28%

29%

28%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7225 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of other alloy steel, of a width of 600 mm
or more: (con.)
Other:

7225.91.00

00

Electrolytically plated or coated with zinc.....................

kg..............

7225.92.00

00

Otherwise plated or coated with zinc............................

kg..............

7225.99.00

7226

7226.11
7226.11.10

7226.11.90

7226.19
7226.19.10

7226.19.90
7226.20.00

10

90

00

30

60

00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel..........................................

..................
kg

Other..........................................................................
Flat-rolled products of other alloy steel, of a width of less than
600 mm:

kg

Of silicon electrical steel:
Grain-oriented:

Of a width of 300 mm or more.................................

kg..............

Of a width of less than 300 mm..............................
Of thickness not exceeding 0.25 mm..............

..................
kg

Other...................................................................

kg

Other:

Of a width of 300 mm or more.................................

kg..............

Of a width of less than 300 mm..............................
Of high-speed steel................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

28%

28%

28%

28%2/

33%2/

28%

33%2/
37%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7226 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Flat-rolled products of other alloy steel, of a width of less than
600 mm: (con.)
Other:

7226.91

Not further worked than hot-rolled:

Of tool steel (other than high-speed steel):

7226.91.05

00

Of chipper knife steel........................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

7226.91.15

7226.91.25

30

60

30

60

Other:

Of a width of 300 mm or more...................
Of ball-bearing steel.............................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other......................................................
Of a width of less than 300 mm.................
Of ball-bearing steel.............................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other......................................................

kg

7226.91.50

00

Of a thickness of 4.75 mm or more..................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Other:

7226.91.70

00

7226.91.80
7226.92

00

7226.92.10

7226.92.30

30

60

30

60

Of a thickness of less than 4.75 mm:

Of a width of 300 mm or more...................

kg..............

Of a width of less than 300 mm.................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Not further worked than cold-rolled (cold-reduced):
Of tool steel (other than high-speed steel):

Of a width of 300 mm or more..........................
Of ball-bearing steel...................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other.............................................................
Of a width of less than 300 mm........................
Of ball-bearing steel...................................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other.............................................................

kg

Other:

XV
72-41

2

34%

29%

34%

28%

28%

33%

0.4¢/kg + 29%

34%

7226.92.50

00

Of a width of 300 mm or more..........................

kg..............

Free4/3/

0.4¢/kg + 28%

7226.92.70

7226.92.80

7226.99.01

05

50

05

50

10

30

80

Of a width of less than 300 mm:

Of a thickness not exceeding 0.25 mm.....
Of high-nickel alloy steel.....................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other......................................................
Of a thickness exceeding 0.25 mm...........
Of high-nickel alloy steel.....................

kg
..................
kg

Other......................................................
Other.................................................................................
Electrolytically plated or coated with zinc..............

kg
..................
kg

Otherwise plated or coated with zinc.....................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

33%

33%

33%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
72-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7227

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils, of other
alloy steel:

7227.10.00

00

Of high-speed steel................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

7227.20.00

Of silico-manganese steel.....................................................
Of welding quality wire rods of a kind described in
statistical note 7 to this chapter.....................................

Other.................................................................................

30

80

7227.90

Other:

..................

Free4/3/

kg

kg

7227.90.10

7227.90.20

7227.90.60

30

60

30

60

05

10

20

30

35

40
90

Of tool steel (other than high-speed steel):

Not tempered, not treated, and not partly
manufactured............................................................
Of ball-bearing steel..........................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Of ball-bearing steel..........................................

kg
..................
kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel..........................................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Of Cold Heading Quality (CHQ) steel of a kind
described in statistical note 6 to this chapter........

Of welding quality wire rods of a kind described in
statistical note 7 to this chapter..............................

kg

kg

Of a circular cross section:

With a diameter of less than 14 mm................

kg

With a diameter of 14 mm or more but less
than 19 mm.........................................................

With a diameter of 19 mm or more..................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

14%

10%

12%

11%

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-43

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7228

7228.10.00

10

30

60

7228.30.60
7228.30.80

00

05

10

15

41

45

70

7228.40.00

00

Other bars and rods of other alloy steel; angles, shapes and
sections, of other alloy steel; hollow drill bars and rods, of alloy
or nonalloy steel:

Bars and rods, of high-speed steel......................................
Not cold-formed...............................................................

..................
kg

Free5/

Cold-formed:

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of less
than 18 mm...............................................................

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
18 mm or more..........................................................

kg

kg

7228.20
7228.20.10

00

Bars and rods, of silico-manganese steel:

Not cold-formed...............................................................

kg..............

7228.20.50

00

Cold-formed.....................................................................

kg..............

7228.30
7228.30.20

00

Other bars and rods, not further worked than hot-rolled,
hot-drawn or extruded:

Of tool steel (other than high-speed steel):

Of ball-bearing steel.................................................

kg..............

7228.30.40

00

Of chipper knife steel, not cold-formed..................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

Free5/

Free4/3/

Free4/3/
Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel..........................................

kg..............
..................
kg

Concrete reinforcing bars and rods........................

kg

Other:

With a diameter or cross section measuring
less than 76 mm.................................................

With a diameter or cross section measuring
76 mm or more but not exceeding 152 mm.....

With a diameter or cross section measuring
152 mm or more but not exceeding 228 mm...

kg

kg

kg

With a diameter or cross section exceeding
228 mm...............................................................
Other bars and rods, not further worked than forged........

kg
kg..............

Free4/3/

32%

28%

28%

29%

28%

29%
28%

28%2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other bars and rods of other alloy steel; angles, shapes and
sections, of other alloy steel; hollow drill bars and rods, of alloy
or nonalloy steel: (con.)

Other bars and rods, not further worked than cold-formed
or cold-finished:

Of tool steel (other than high-speed steel)...................
Of ball-bearing steel.................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

29%2/

XV
72-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7228 (con.)

7228.50

7228.50.10

10

20

40

60

80

05

15

40

70

30

60

7228.50.50

7228.60
7228.60.10

Other:

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
less than 18 mm:

Of round or rectangular cross section with
surfaces ground, milled or polished..........

Other.............................................................
With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
18 mm or more:

kg

kg

Of round or rectangular cross section with
surfaces ground, milled or polished..........

kg

Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel..........................................

kg
..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

With a diameter or cross section measuring
less than 76 mm.................................................

With a diameter or cross section measuring
76 mm or more but not exceeding 228 mm.....

With a diameter or cross section exceeding
228 mm...............................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other bars and rods:

Of tool steel (other than high-speed steel)...................
Of ball-bearing steel.................................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other:

7228.60.60

00

Not cold-formed........................................................

kg..............

7228.60.80

00

Cold-formed..............................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Free4/3/

28%2/

29%

28%

28%2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
72-45

2

Other bars and rods of other alloy steel; angles, shapes and
sections, of other alloy steel; hollow drill bars and rods, of alloy
or nonalloy steel: (con.)

Angles, shapes and sections:

Hot-rolled, not drilled, not punched and not otherwise
advanced..........................................................................
U, I, H and T sections..............................................

..................
kg

Free4/3/

Other:

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
76 mm or more:

Angles..........................................................

Other.............................................................
With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
less than 76 mm:

kg

kg

Angles..........................................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................
Hollow drill bars and rods......................................................

kg
kg..............
kg..............

Free4/3/
Free5/

Wire of other alloy steel:

Of silico-manganese steel.....................................................
Round, with a diameter of less than or equal to 1.6 mm,
containing by weight less than 0.20 percent of carbon,
more than 0.9 percent of manganese, and more than
0.6 percent of silicon, and suitable for electric arc
welding:

Plated or coated with copper..................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

Other:

..................

Free4/3/

kg

kg
kg

Of high-speed steel.........................................................

kg..............

Free5/

Other:

Flat wire.....................................................................

kg..............

Free4/3/

Round wire................................................................
With a diameter of less than or equal to
1.6 mm, containing by weight less than 0.20
percent of carbon and more than 0.3 percent
of nickel or more than 0.08 percent of
molybdenum, and suitable for electric arc
welding:

Plated or coated with copper.....................

Other.............................................................

Other:

..................

Free4/3/

kg

kg

With a diameter of less than 1.0 mm........

kg

With a diameter of 1.0 mm or more but less
than 1.5 mm.................................................

kg

With a diameter of 1.5 mm or more...........
Other wire..................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free4/3/

10%

28%
30%

33%

37%

33%

33%

33%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7228 (con.)

7228.70
7228.70.30

10

20

41

60

81
00
00

10

15
90

00

7228.70.60
7228.80.00
7229
7229.20.00

7229.90
7229.90.05

7229.90.10

00

7229.90.50

06

08

16

31

51
00

7229.90.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 72 - 46
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.09.
3/ See 9903.91.01.
4/ See U.S. note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
5/ See 9903.88.15. Also see note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99 and related tariff provisions for this duty treatment.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 73

ARTICLES OF IRON OR STEEL

XV
73-1

Notes

1.

2.

In this chapter the expression "cast iron" applies to products obtained by casting in which iron predominates by weight over each
of the other elements and which do not comply with the chemical composition of steel as defined in Note 1(d) to chapter 72.

In this chapter the word "wire" means hot- or cold-formed products of any cross-sectional shape, of which no cross-sectional
dimension exceeds 16 mm.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of heading 7304 or 7306, the rate of duty "Free (C)" appearing in the "Special" subcolumn applies only to tubes
and pipes with attached fittings, suitable for conducting gases or liquids.

For the purposes of subheading 7307.19.30, the expression "ductile fittings" refers to fittings which contain over 2.5 percent
carbon and over 0.02 percent of magnesium or of magnesium and cerium, by weight.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 7310.10.0005, 7310.29.0020 and 7310.29.0055, “refillable stainless steel kegs,
whether or not pressurized” refers to cylindrical kegs for liquid beverages, each keg with a domed top and bottom and a single
neck piece, designed for a coupler (valve) system and an extractor tube (spear) by which the keg can be cleaned, filled and
dispense the liquid contents.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
73-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7301

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sheet piling of iron or steel, whether or not drilled, punched or
made from assembled elements; welded angles, shapes and
sections, of iron or steel:

7301.10.00

00

Sheet piling.............................................................................

kg..............

7301.20
7301.20.10

00

Angles, shapes and sections:

Of iron or nonalloy steel..................................................

kg..............

7301.20.50

00

Of alloy steel....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

2%

20%

28%

Railway or tramway track construction material of iron or steel,
the following: rails, check-rails and rack rails, switch blades,
crossing frogs, point rods and other crossing pieces, sleepers
(cross-ties), fish-plates, chairs, chair wedges, sole plates (base
plates), rail clips, bedplates, ties and other material specialized
for jointing or fixing rails:

Rails:

Of iron or nonalloy steel..................................................

..................

Free1/2/

1%

7302

7302.10
7302.10.10

7302.10.50

7302.30.00

10

15

25

35

45

55

65

75

20

40

60
00

New:

Not heat treated:

Standard tee rails over 30 kg per meter....

kg

Other:

Over 30 kg per meter...........................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

Heat treated:

Standard tee rails over 30 kg per meter....

kg

Other:

Over 30 kg per meter...........................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

Used:

Railway rails for rerolling...................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Of alloy steel....................................................................
New............................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/2/

Used:

Railway rails for rerolling...................................

Other...................................................................

Switch blades, crossing frogs, point rods and other
crossing pieces.......................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

Free3/1/

7302.40.00

00

Fish-plates and sole plates...................................................

kg..............

7302.90
7302.90.10

00

Other:

Sleepers (cross-ties).......................................................

kg..............

7302.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

7303.00.00

30

60

90

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, of cast iron...........................
Soil pipe...................................................................................

..................
kg

Pressure pipe with an inside diameter of less than
356 mm...................................................................................

Other........................................................................................

kg

kg

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free3/

9%

45%

2%

2%

45%

33%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
73-3

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel:

Line pipe of a kind used for oil or gas pipelines:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304

7304.11.00

Of stainless steel.............................................................

..................

Free1/2/

35%

7304.19
7304.19.10

7304.19.50

20

50

80

20

30

45

60

80

20

50

80

Having an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm...................................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding 114.3 mm
but not exceeding 406.4 mm...................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Of iron or nonalloy steel...........................................
Having an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm............................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but less than 215.9 mm..................

Having an outside diameter of 215.9 mm or
more but not exceeding 406.4 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm.......................................................

Having a wall thickness of 12.7 mm or
more..............................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm............................................................
Of other alloy steel....................................................
Having an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm............................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but not exceeding 406.4 mm..........

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm............................................................

..................

Free1/2/

25%4/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
..................

Free1/2/

35%

kg

kg

kg

XV
73-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Casing, tubing and drill pipe, of a kind used in drilling for
oil or gas:

7304.22.00

Drill pipe of stainless steel..............................................

..................

Free1/2/

35%

30

45
60

7304.23
7304.23.30

00

7304.23.60

30

45

60

Having an outside diameter not exceeding
168.3 mm:

Having a wall thickness not exceeding
9.5 mm................................................................

Having a wall thickness exceeding 9.5 mm.....

Having an outside diameter exceeding
168.3 mm...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other drill pipe:

Of iron or nonalloy steel...........................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Of alloy steel..............................................................
Having an outside diameter not exceeding
168.3 mm:

Having a wall thickness not exceeding
9.5 mm..........................................................

Having a wall thickness exceeding
9.5 mm..........................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
168.3 mm............................................................

..................

Free1/2/

kg

kg

kg

7304.24

Other, of stainless steel:

Casing:

25%

35%

7304.24.30

10

20

30

40

45

80

Threaded or coupled.........................................
Having an outside diameter less than
215.9 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm.................................................

Having a wall thickness of 12.7 mm or
more.......................................................
Having an outside diameter of 215.9 mm
or more but not exceeding 285.8 mm:
Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm.................................................

Having a wall thickness of 12.7 mm or
more.......................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm but not exceeding 406.4 mm....

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm.....................................................

..................

Free1/2/

28%

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
73-5

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Casing, tubing and drill pipe, of a kind used in drilling for
oil or gas: (con.)

Other, of stainless steel: (con.)

Casing: (con.)

Other...................................................................
Having an outside diameter less than
215.9 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm.................................................

Having a wall thickness of 12.7 mm or
more.......................................................
Having an outside diameter of 215.9 mm
or more but not exceeding 285.8 mm:
Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm.................................................

Having a wall thickness of 12.7 mm or
more.......................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm but not exceeding 406.4 mm:
Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm.................................................

Having a wall thickness of 12.7 mm or
more.......................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm.....................................................
Tubing........................................................................
Having an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm:

Having a wall thickness not exceeding
9.5 mm..........................................................

Having a wall thickness exceeding
9.5 mm..........................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but less than 215.9 mm..................

Having an outside diameter of 215.9 mm or
more but not exceeding 406.4 mm..................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm............................................................

..................

Free1/2/

8.5%4/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
..................

Free1/2/

35%

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

7304.24
(con.)

7304.24.40

10

20

30

40

50

60

80

15

30

45

60

75

7304.24.60

XV
73-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

7304.29

7304.29.10

7304.29.20

10

20

30

40

50

60

80

10

20

30

40

50

60

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Casing, tubing and drill pipe, of a kind used in drilling for
oil or gas: (con.)
Other:

Casing:

Of iron or nonalloy steel:

Threaded or coupled..................................
Having an outside diameter less than
215.9 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................

Having an outside diameter of
215.9 mm or more but not exceeding
285.8 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm but not exceeding
406.4 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm..............................................
Other.............................................................
Having an outside diameter less than
215.9 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................

Having an outside diameter of
215.9 mm or more but not exceeding
285.8 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm but not exceeding
406.4 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm..............................................

..................

Free1/2/

20%4/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
..................

Free1/2/

1%4/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
73-7

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Casing, tubing and drill pipe, of a kind used in drilling for
oil or gas: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Casing: (con.)

Of other alloy steel:

Threaded or coupled..................................
Having an outside diameter less than
215.9 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................

Having an outside diameter of
215.9 mm or more but not exceeding
285.8 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm but not exceeding
406.4 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm..............................................
Other.............................................................
Having an outside diameter less than
215.9 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................

Having an outside diameter of
215.9 mm or more but not exceeding
285.8 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm but not exceeding
406.4 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more...........................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm..............................................

..................

Free1/2/

28%4/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
..................

Free1/2/

8.5%4/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

7304.29
(con.)

7304.29.31

7304.29.41

10

20

30

40

50

60

80

10

20

30

40

50

60

80

XV
73-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

7304.29
(con.)

7304.29.50

7304.29.61

15

30

45

60

75

15

30

45

60

75

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Casing, tubing and drill pipe, of a kind used in drilling for
oil or gas: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Tubing:

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................
Having an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm:

Having a wall thickness not exceeding
9.5 mm...................................................

Having a wall thickness exceeding
9.5 mm...................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but less than 215.9 mm............

Having an outside diameter of 215.9 mm
or more but not exceeding 406.4 mm.......

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm.....................................................
Of other alloy steel.............................................
Having an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm:

Having a wall thickness not exceeding
9.5 mm...................................................

Having a wall thickness exceeding
9.5 mm...................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but less than 215.9 mm............

Having an outside diameter of 215.9 mm
or more but not exceeding 406.4 mm.......

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm.....................................................

..................

Free1/2/

25%4/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
..................

Free1/2/

35%

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
73-9

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Other, of circular cross section, of iron or nonalloy steel:

Cold-drawn or cold-rolled (cold-reduced):

Hollow bars................................................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Other..........................................................................
Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters, heat
exchangers, condensers, refining furnaces
and feedwater heaters......................................

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters, heat
exchangers, condensers, refining furnaces and
feedwater heaters:

Having an outside diameter less than
38.1 mm..............................................................

Having an outside diameter of 38.1 mm or
more but less than 190.5 mm...........................

Having an outside diameter of 190.5 mm or
more but not exceeding 285.8 mm..................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm............................................................

..................

Free1/2/

kg

kg
..................

Free1/2/

kg

kg

kg

kg

22%

25%4/

25%4/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

7304.31
7304.31.30

7304.31.60

7304.39.00

00

10

50

02

04

06

08

XV
73-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Other, of circular cross section, of iron or nonalloy steel:
(con.)

7304.39.00
(con.)

Other (con.)

Other:

16

20

24

28

32

36

40

44

48

52

56

62

68

72

76

80

Galvanized, having an outside diameter not
exceeding 114.3 mm.........................................

kg

Other:

Having an outside diameter less than
38.1 mm.......................................................

kg

Having an outside diameter of 38.1 mm or
more but not exceeding 114.3 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
6.4 mm...................................................

Having a wall thickness of 6.4 mm or
more but not exceeding 12.7 mm.......

Having a wall thickness exceeding
12.7 mm.................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but less than 190.5 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm.................................................

Having a wall thickness of 12.7 mm or
more but less than 19 mm...................

Having a wall thickness of 19 mm or
more.......................................................
Having an outside diameter of 190.5 mm
or more but not exceeding 285.8 mm:
Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm.................................................

Having a wall thickness of 12.7 mm or
more but less than 19 mm...................

Having a wall thickness of 19 mm or
more.......................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm but not exceeding 406.4 mm:
Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm.................................................

Having a wall thickness of 12.7 mm or
more but less than 19 mm...................

Having a wall thickness of 19 mm or
more.......................................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
19 mm....................................................

Having a wall thickness of 19 mm or
more.......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-11

2

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Other, of circular cross section, of stainless steel:
Cold-drawn or cold-rolled (cold-reduced):

Of an external diameter of less than 19 mm..........
Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

..................
kg

Free5/

Other:

Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters,
heat exchangers, condensers, refining
furnaces and feedwater heaters................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

kg
..................
kg

Free5/

Other:

Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters,
heat exchangers, condensers, refining
furnaces and feedwater heaters................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel..........................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/2/

Other:

Hollow bars.........................................................

kg

Other:

Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters,
heat exchangers, condensers, refining
furnaces and feedwater heaters................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

36%

36%

36%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

7304.41
7304.41.30

7304.41.60

7304.49.00

05

15

45

05

15

45

05

15

45

60

XV
73-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

7304.51
7304.51.10

00

7304.51.50

7304.59
7304.59.10

7304.59.20

05

15

45
60

00

30

40

45

55

60

70

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

34%

35%

34%

35%

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Other, of circular cross section, of other alloy steel:
Cold-drawn or cold-rolled (cold-reduced):

Suitable for use in the manufacture of ball or roller
bearings.....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Other..........................................................................
Of high-nickel alloy steel...................................

..................
kg

Free1/2/

Other:

Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters,
heat exchangers, condensers, refining
furnaces and feedwater heaters:

Of heat-resisting steel..........................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other:

Suitable for use in the manufacture of ball or roller
bearings.....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Other:

Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters, heat
exchangers, condensers, refining furnaces
and feedwater heaters......................................
Of heat-resisting steel................................

..................
kg

Free1/2/

Other:

Having an outside diameter less than
38.1 mm.................................................

kg

Having an outside diameter of
38.1 mm or more but not exceeding
114.3 mm..............................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but less than 190.5 mm......

Having an outside diameter of
190.5 mm or more but not exceeding
285.8 mm..............................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm but not exceeding
406.4 mm..............................................

Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm..............................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-13

2

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

Other, of circular cross section, of other alloy steel: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Of heat-resisting steel................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Other.............................................................
Having an outside diameter less than
38.1 mm.................................................

..................

Free1/2/

kg

36%

35%

Having an outside diameter of
38.1 mm or more but not exceeding
114.3 mm:

Having a wall thickness less than
6.4 mm............................................

kg

Having a wall thickness of 6.4 mm
or more but not exceeding
12.7 mm..........................................

Having a wall thickness exceeding
12.7 mm..........................................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but less than 190.5 mm:

kg

kg

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

kg

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more but less than
19 mm.............................................

Having a wall thickness of 19 mm
or more............................................

Having an outside diameter of
190.5 mm or more but not exceeding
285.8 mm:

kg

kg

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

kg

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more but less than
19 mm.............................................

Having a wall thickness of 19 mm
or more............................................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
285.8 mm but not exceeding
406.4 mm:

kg

kg

Having a wall thickness less than
12.7 mm..........................................

kg

Having a wall thickness of
12.7 mm or more but less than
19 mm.............................................

Having a wall thickness of 19 mm
or more............................................
Having an outside diameter exceeding
406.4 mm..............................................

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

7304.59
(con.)

7304.59.60

00

7304.59.80

10

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

55

60

65

70

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
73-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7304 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tubes, pipes and hollow profiles, seamless, of iron (other than
cast iron) or steel: (con.)

7304.90

Other:

7304.90.10

00

Of iron or nonalloy steel...........................................

kg..............

Having a wall thickness of 4 mm or more:

7304.90.30

00

Of alloy steel..............................................................

kg..............

7304.90.50

00

Of iron or nonalloy steel...........................................

kg..............

Having a wall thickness of less than 4 mm:

7304.90.70

00

Of alloy steel..............................................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Free5/

Free5/

Free1/2/

1%

8.5%

25%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7305

7305.11
7305.11.10

7305.11.50
7305.12
7305.12.10

7305.12.50
7305.19
7305.19.10

7305.19.50
7305.20

30

60

00

30

60

00

30

60

00

Other tubes and pipes (for example, welded, riveted or similarly
closed), having circular cross sections, the external diameter
of which exceeds 406.4 mm, of iron or steel:

Line pipe of a kind used for oil or gas pipelines:
Longitudinally submerged arc welded:

Of iron or nonalloy steel...........................................
With an external diameter exceeding 406.4 mm
but not exceeding 609.6 mm............................

With an external diameter exceeding
609.6 mm............................................................
Of alloy steel..............................................................

Other, longitudinally welded:

Of iron or nonalloy steel...........................................
With an external diameter exceeding 406.4 mm
but not exceeding 609.6 mm............................

With an external diameter exceeding
609.6 mm............................................................
Of alloy steel..............................................................

Other:

Of iron or nonalloy steel...........................................
With an external diameter exceeding 406.4 mm
but not exceeding 609.6 mm............................

With an external diameter exceeding
609.6 mm............................................................
Of alloy steel..............................................................

..................

Free1/2/

kg

kg
kg..............

Free1/2/

..................

Free1/2/

kg

kg
kg..............

Free1/2/

..................

Free1/2/

kg

kg
kg..............

Free1/2/

Casing of a kind used in drilling for oil or gas:

Of iron or nonalloy steel:

7305.20.20

00

Threaded or coupled................................................

kg..............

7305.20.40

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Of alloy steel:

7305.20.60

00

Threaded or coupled................................................

kg..............

7305.20.80

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

7305.31
7305.31.20

00

Other, welded:

Longitudinally welded:

Tapered pipes and tubes of steel principally used
as parts of illuminating articles................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Other:

7305.31.40

00

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................

kg..............

7305.31.60

7305.39
7305.39.10

7305.39.50
7305.90
7305.90.10

10

90

00

00

00

Of alloy steel.......................................................
Of stainless steel.........................................

..................
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

Other:

Of iron or nonalloy steel...........................................

kg..............

Of alloy steel..............................................................

kg..............

Other:

Of iron or nonalloy steel..................................................

kg..............

7305.90.50

00

Of alloy steel....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

5.5%4/

10%

5.5%4/

10%

5.5%

10%

20%

1%

28%

8.5%

45%

5.5%

10%

5.5%

10%

5.5%

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
73-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7306

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other tubes, pipes and hollow profiles (for example, open
seamed or welded, riveted or similarly closed), of iron or steel:

Line pipe of a kind used for oil or gas pipelines:

7306.11.00

Welded, of stainless steel...............................................

..................

Free1/2/

7306.19
7306.19.10

7306.19.51

10

50

10

50

10

50

With an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm...................................................................

With an outside diameter exceeding 114.3 mm.....

kg

kg

Other:

Of iron or nonalloy steel...........................................
With an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm............................................................

With an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm............................................................
Of alloy steel..............................................................
With an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm............................................................

With an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm............................................................
Casing and tubing of a kind used in drilling for oil or gas:

..................

Free1/2/

kg

kg
..................

Free1/2/

kg

kg

7306.21

Welded of stainless steel:

Casing:

7306.21.30

00

Threaded or coupled.........................................

kg..............

7306.21.40
7306.21.80

7306.29

7306.29.10

7306.29.20

00

10

50

30

90
00

7306.29.31

00

7306.29.41

00

7306.29.60

7306.29.81

10

50

10

50

Free1/2/

Free1/2/
Free1/2/

Other...................................................................
Tubing........................................................................
Imported with coupling......................................

kg..............
..................
kg

Other...................................................................

kg

Other:

Casing:

Of iron or nonalloy steel:

Threaded or coupled..................................
Imported with coupling........................

..................
kg

Free1/2/

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg
kg..............

Other:

Threaded or coupled..................................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Tubing:

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................
Imported with coupling...............................

..................
kg

Free2/1/

Free1/1/2/

Free1/1/2/

Free1/2/1/

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Imported with coupling...............................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/2/

Other.............................................................

kg

10%

5.5%

10%

28%

8.5%
10%

20%

1%4/

28%

8.5%

5.5%4/

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Other tubes, pipes and hollow profiles (for example, open
seamed or welded, riveted or similarly closed), of iron or steel:
(con.)

Other, welded, of circular cross section, of iron or nonalloy
steel:

Having a wall thickness of less than 1.65 mm.............
Internally coated or lined with a non-electrically
insulating material, suitable for use as electrical
conduit.......................................................................

..................

Free1/2/

kg..............

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Having a wall thickness of 1.65 mm or more:

Tapered steel pipes and tubes principally used as
parts of illuminating articles.....................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7306 (con.)

7306.30

7306.30.10

10

90

7306.30.30

00

XV
73-17

2

25%

45%

XV
73-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7306 (con.)

7306.30
(con.)

7306.30.50

10

15

20

26

27

28

31

33

35

41

43

56

57

85

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other tubes, pipes and hollow profiles (for example, open
seamed or welded, riveted or similarly closed), of iron or steel:
(con.)

Other, welded, of circular cross section, of iron or nonalloy
steel: (con.)

Having a wall thickness of 1.65 mm or more: (con.)

Other..........................................................................
Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters, heat
exchangers, condensers, refining furnaces
and feedwater heaters, whether or not cold
drawn..................................................................

Other, cold-drawn..............................................

Other, cold-rolled (cold-reduced) with a wall
thickness not exceeding 2.54 mm...................

Other:

With an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm:

Galvanized:

Imported with coupling:

..................

Free1/2/

5.5%4/

kg

kg

kg

With an outside diameter not
exceeding 50.8 mm................

kg

With an outside diameter
exceeding 50.8 mm but not
exceeding 114.3 mm..............

Internally coated or lined with a
non-electrically insulating material,
suitable for use as electrical
conduit............................................

kg

kg

Other:

With an outside diameter not
exceeding 50.8 mm................

kg

With an outside diameter
exceeding 50.8 mm but not
exceeding 114.3 mm..............

kg

Other:

Tube and pipe hollows for
redrawing........................................

kg

Imported with coupling:

With an outside diameter not
exceeding 50.8 mm................

kg

With an outside diameter
exceeding 50.8 mm but not
exceeding 114.3 mm..............

kg

Other:

With an outside diameter not
exceeding 50.8 mm................

kg

With an outside diameter
exceeding 50.8 mm but not
exceeding 114.3 mm..............

With an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but not exceeding 406.4 mm:

Galvanized............................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Other tubes, pipes and hollow profiles (for example, open
seamed or welded, riveted or similarly closed), of iron or steel:
(con.)

Other, welded, of circular cross section, of stainless steel:
Having a wall thickness of less than 1.65 mm.............
Containing more than 0.5 percent by weight of
nickel:

..................

Free1/2/

Containing more than 1.5 percent but less than
5 percent by weight of molybdenum................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Having a wall thickness of 1.65 mm or more...............
Of high-nickel alloy steel..........................................

kg
kg
..................
kg

Free1/2/

Other:

XV
73-19

2

36%

11%

Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters, heat
exchangers, condensers, refining furnaces
and feedwater heaters, whether or not
cold-drawn..........................................................

kg

Other, cold-drawn or cold-rolled (cold-
reduced):

Containing more than 0.5 percent but less
than 24 percent by weight of nickel..........

kg

Other:

Containing less than 15 percent by
weight of chromium..............................

Other......................................................

Other:

With an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm:

Containing more than 0.5 percent but
less than 24 percent by weight of
nickel:

Containing more than 1.5 percent
but less than 5 percent by weight
of molybdenum..............................

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

With an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but not exceeding 406.4 mm:

Containing more than 0.5 percent but
less than 24 percent by weight of
nickel......................................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7306 (con.)

7306.40
7306.40.10

7306.40.50

10

15
90

05

15

40

42

44

62

64
80

85

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
73-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7306 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other tubes, pipes and hollow profiles (for example, open
seamed or welded, riveted or similarly closed), of iron or steel:
(con.)

7306.50
7306.50.10

00

Other, welded, of circular cross section, of other alloy steel:
Having a wall thickness of less than 1.65 mm.............

kg..............

Free1/2/

7306.50.30

00

7306.50.50

10

30

50

70

Having a wall thickness of 1.65 mm or more:

Tapered pipes and tubes of steel principally used
as parts of illuminating articles................................

Other..........................................................................
Suitable for use in boilers, superheaters, heat
exchangers, condensers, refining furnaces
and feedwater heaters, whether or not
cold-drawn..........................................................

Other, cold-drawn or cold-rolled (cold-
reduced)..............................................................

Other:

With an outside diameter not exceeding
114.3 mm.....................................................

With an outside diameter exceeding
114.3 mm but not exceeding 406.4 mm....

kg..............

Free1/2/

..................

Free1/2/

kg

kg

kg

kg

7306.61

7306.61.10

00

7306.61.30

00

Other, welded, of noncircular cross section:
Of square or rectangular cross section:

Having a wall thickness of 4 mm or more:

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................

kg..............

Of alloy steel.......................................................

kg..............

Having a wall thickness of less than 4 mm:

7306.61.50

00

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................

kg..............

7306.61.70

30

60

Of alloy steel.......................................................
Of stainless steel.........................................

..................
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

7306.69

Of other noncircular cross section:

7306.69.10

00

7306.69.30

00

Having a wall thickness of 4 mm or more:

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................

kg..............

Of alloy steel.......................................................

kg..............

Having a wall thickness of less than 4 mm:

7306.69.50

00

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................

kg..............

7306.69.70

7306.90
7306.90.10

30

60

00

Of alloy steel.......................................................
Of stainless steel.........................................

..................
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

Other:

Of iron or nonalloy steel..................................................

kg..............

7306.90.50

00

Of alloy steel....................................................................

kg..............

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free5/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

Free1/2/

35%

45%

10%

1%

28%

25%

35%

1%

28%

25%

35%

5.5%

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7307

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Tube or pipe fittings (for example, couplings, elbows, sleeves),
of iron or steel:

Cast fittings:

XV
73-21

2

7307.11.00

Of nonmalleable cast iron...............................................

..................

4.8%3/

7307.19
7307.19.30

7307.19.90

30

45

60

40

60

70

85

30

40

60

80

For threaded pipe.....................................................

kg

Other:

For cast-iron soil pipe........................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Ductile fittings............................................................

..................

5.6%3/

Grooved-end fittings (including grooved
couplings)...........................................................

kg

Other:

Threaded......................................................

kg

With mechanical, push-on (rubber
compression) or flanged joints attached...

kg

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

6.2%3/

Unions.................................................................

kg

Other:

Grooved-end fittings (including grooved
couplings).....................................................

Other:

Threaded...............................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
73-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7307 (con.)

7307.21
7307.21.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tube or pipe fittings (for example, couplings, elbows, sleeves),
of iron or steel: (con.)

Other, of stainless steel:

Flanges:

Not machined, not tooled and not otherwise
processed after forging............................................

kg..............

3.3%3/1/

7307.21.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

5.6%3/1/

7307.22
7307.22.10

00

Threaded elbows, bends and sleeves:

Sleeves (couplings)..................................................

kg..............

7307.22.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free3/1/

6.2%3/1/

7307.23.00

Butt welding fittings.........................................................

..................

5%3/1/

7307.29.00

30

90

30

90

Not machined, not tooled and not otherwise
processed after forming...........................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

5%3/1/

Nipples.......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

34%

45%

45%

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7307 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Tube or pipe fittings (for example, couplings, elbows, sleeves),
of iron or steel: (con.)

XV
73-23

2

7307.91

Other:

Flanges:

7307.91.10

00

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................

kg..............

3.3%3/1/

Not machined, not tooled and not otherwise
processed after forging:

7307.91.30

00

Of alloy steel (except stainless steel)..............

kg..............

3.2%3/1/

7307.91.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.5%3/1/

10

30

50

70

10

30
00

7307.92
7307.92.30

7307.92.90

With an inside diameter of less than 360 mm:
Of iron or nonalloy steel..............................

Of alloy steel (except stainless steel).......

With an inside diameter of 360 mm or more:

Of iron or nonalloy steel..............................

Of alloy steel (except stainless steel).......

kg

kg

kg

kg

Threaded elbows, bends and sleeves:

Sleeves (couplings)..................................................
Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................

..................
kg

Free3/1/

Of alloy steel (except stainless steel)..............
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

6.2%3/1/

25%

33%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.75% (JP)

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.1% (JP)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
73-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7307 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tube or pipe fittings (for example, couplings, elbows, sleeves),
of iron or steel: (con.)
Other: (con.)

7307.93

Butt welding fittings:

With an inside diameter of less than 360 mm:

7307.93.30

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................

..................

6.2%3/1/

10

40
00

7307.93.60

Not machined, not tooled and not
otherwise processed after forging.............

kg

Other.............................................................
Of alloy steel (except stainless steel)..............

kg
kg..............

5.5%3/1/

7307.93.90

With an inside diameter of 360 mm or more..........

..................

4.3%3/1/

10

40
60

Of iron or nonalloy steel:

Not machined, not tooled and not
otherwise processed after forging.............

Other.............................................................
Of alloy steel (except stainless steel)..............

kg

kg
kg

7307.99

Other:

Not machined, not tooled and not otherwise
processed after forging:

7307.99.10

00

Of iron or nonalloy steel....................................

kg..............

3.7%3/1/

7307.99.30

00

Of alloy steel (except stainless steel)..............

kg..............

3.2%3/1/

7307.99.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.3%3/1/

15

45
60

Of iron or nonalloy steel:

Nipples.........................................................

Other.............................................................
Of alloy steel (except stainless steel)..............

kg

kg
kg

45%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%4/

33%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7308

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-25

2

Structures (excluding prefabricated buildings of heading 9406)
and parts of structures (for example, bridges and bridge
sections, lock gates, towers, lattice masts, roofs, roofing
frameworks, doors and windows and their frames and
thresholds for doors, shutters, balustrades, pillars and columns)
of iron or steel; plates, rods, angles, shapes, sections, tubes
and the like, prepared for use in structures, of iron or steel:

7308.10.00

00

Bridges and bridge sections.................................................

kg..............

7308.20.00

Towers and lattice masts......................................................

..................

Free6/1/

Free6/1/

30

35

90

00

15

25

50
00

7308.30
7308.30.10

7308.30.50

7308.40.00

Tubular, whether or not tapered, and sectional
components thereof........................................................

Tubular wind turbine towers, whether or not tapered,
and sectional components thereof................................

Other.................................................................................
Doors, windows and their frames and thresholds for doors:
Of stainless steel.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg..............

Free3/1/

Other.................................................................................
Windows and their frames.......................................

..................
kg

Free3/1/

Thresholds for doors................................................

Other..........................................................................

Equipment for scaffolding, shuttering, propping or pit-
propping..................................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

Free3/1/

7308.90

Other:

Columns, pillars, posts, beams, girders and similar
structural units:

7308.90.30

00

Not in part of alloy steel............................................

kg..............

7308.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

7308.90.70

00

Steel grating..............................................................

kg..............

Other:

Free6/1/

Free6/1/

Free6/1/

7308.90.95

7309.00.00

30

60

90

30

90

Other..........................................................................
Sheet-metal roofing, siding, flooring and roof
drainage equipment...........................................

Other:

Architectural and ornamental work...........

Other.............................................................

..................

Free6/1/

kg

kg

kg

Reservoirs, tanks, vats and similar containers for any material
(other than compressed or liquefied gas), of iron or steel, of a
capacity exceeding 300 liters, whether or not lined or heat
insulated, but not fitted with mechanical or thermal
equipment......................................................................................
Tanks.......................................................................................

Other........................................................................................

Free3/1/

..................
No.
kg

No.
kg

45%

45%

35%

25%

45%

20%4/

30%4/

45%

45%

45%

XV
73-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7310

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tanks, casks, drums, cans, boxes and similar containers, for
any material (other than compressed or liquefied gas), of iron
or steel, of a capacity not exceeding 300 liters, whether or not
lined or heat insulated, but not fitted with mechanical or thermal
equipment:

7310.10.00

Of a capacity of 50 liters or more.........................................

..................

Free3/1/

25%4/

7310.21.00

7310.29.00

05

15

90

25

70

75

20

30

55

65

Refillable stainless steel kegs, whether or not
pressurized, of a kind described in statistical note 1 to
this chapter.......................................................................

Empty steel drums and barrels......................................

No.

No.
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

Of a capacity of less than 50 liters:

Cans which are to be closed by soldering or
crimping............................................................................
Containers, of circular cross section, of a volume
capacity between 11.4 liters and 26.6 liters, of a
kind used for the conveyance of goods.................

Containers of a circular cross section, of a capacity
not exceeding 11.4 liters, of a kind used for
aerosols.....................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Containers, of circular cross section, of a volume
capacity between 11.4 liters and 26.6 liters, of a
kind used for the conveyance of goods:

..................

Free3/1/

25%

No.

No.

No.
..................

Free3/1/

25%4/

Refillable stainless steel kegs, whether or not
pressurized, of a kind described in statistical
note 1 to this chapter.........................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Refillable stainless steel kegs, whether or not
pressurized, of a kind described in statistical
note 1 to this chapter.........................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

7311.00.00

Containers for compressed or liquefied gas, of iron or steel....

..................

Free3/1/

25%4/

Certified prior to exportation to have been made in
accordance with the safety requirements of sections 178.36
through 178.68 of title 49 CFR or under a specific
exemption to those requirements:

Seamless steel containers not overwrapped, marked
DOT 3A, 3AX, 3AA, 3AAX, 3B, 3E, 3HT, 3T or DOT-E
followed by a specific exemption number.....................

Other.................................................................................

Other........................................................................................

30

60

90

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

XV
73-27

2

45%

45%

45%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7312

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Stranded wire, ropes, cables, plaited bands, slings and the
like, of iron or steel, not electrically insulated:

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

7312.10

Stranded wire, ropes and cables:

Stranded wire:

Of stainless steel:

7312.10.05

00

Fitted with fittings or made up into articles......

kg..............

7312.10.10

30

50

70

Other...................................................................
Tire cord.......................................................

..................
kg

Other, stranded wire having a lay or twist
of not more than 1 revolution for a length
equal to the strand diameter multiplied by
8.5.................................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

7312.10.20

00

Fitted with fittings or made up into articles......

kg..............

Other:

7312.10.30

05

10

12
20

45

65

70

74
80

Other...................................................................
Tire cord.......................................................

..................
kg

For prestressing concrete:

Covered with textile or other non-
metallic material...................................

Other......................................................
Other, stranded wire having a lay or twist
of not more than 1 revolution for a length
equal to the strand diameter multiplied by
8.5.................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Of brass plated wire.............................

kg

Other:

Galvanized:

ACSR core strand...................

kg

Other:

Covered with textile or
other nonmetallic
material.............................

Other.................................
Other...............................................

kg

kg
kg

XV
73-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7312 (con.)

7312.10
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Stranded wire, ropes, cables, plaited bands, slings and the
like, of iron or steel, not electrically insulated: (con.)

Stranded wire, ropes and cables: (con.)

Ropes, cables and cordage other than stranded wire:

Of stainless steel:

7312.10.50

00

Fitted with fittings or made up into articles......

kg..............

7312.10.60

30

60

Other...................................................................
With a diameter not exceeding 9.5 mm.....

..................
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Other:

7312.10.70

00

Fitted with fittings or made up into articles......

kg..............

Free3/1/

7312.10.80

00

7312.10.90

Of brass plated wire....................................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

..................

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Other:

30

60

90
00

7312.90.00

Galvanized:

With a diameter not exceeding
9.5 mm............................................

kg

With a diameter exceeding
9.5 mm............................................
Other......................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
kg
kg..............

Free3/1/

7313.00.00

00

Barbed wire of iron or steel; twisted hoop or single flat wire,
barbed or not, and loosely twisted double wire, of a kind used
for fencing, of iron or steel............................................................

kg..............

Free3/1/

7314

Cloth (including endless bands), grill, netting and fencing, of
iron or steel wire; expanded metal of iron or steel:

7314.12
7314.12.10

00

7314.12.20

00

7314.12.30

00

Woven cloth:

Endless bands for machinery, of stainless steel:

With meshes not finer than 12 wires to the lineal
centimeter in warp or filling......................................

With meshes finer than 12 but not finer than
36 wires to the lineal centimeter in warp or filling..

With meshes finer than 36 wires to the lineal
centimeter in warp or filling:

Fourdrinier wires, seamed or not seamed,
suitable for use in papermaking machines:
With 94 or more wires to the lineal
centimeter....................................................

7314.12.60

00

Other.............................................................

7314.12.90

00

Other...................................................................

m2..............
kg

Free3/1/

m2..............
kg

Free3/1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

45%

45%

45%

35%

35%

45%

Free

35%

50%

75%

75%

60%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7314 (con.)

7314.14
7314.14.10

00

Cloth (including endless bands), grill, netting and fencing, of
iron or steel wire; expanded metal of iron or steel: (con.)

Woven cloth: (con.)

Other woven cloth, of stainless steel:

With meshes not finer than 12 wires to the lineal
centimeter in warp or filling......................................

7314.14.20

00

With meshes finer than 12 but not finer than
36 wires to the lineal centimeter in warp or filling..

7314.14.30

00

With meshes finer than 36 wires to the lineal
centimeter in warp or maximum:

Fourdrinier wires, seamed or not seamed,
suitable for use in papermaking machines:
With 94 or more wires to the lineal
centimeter....................................................

7314.14.60

00

Other.............................................................

7314.14.90

00

Other...................................................................

7314.19.01

00

Other.................................................................................

7314.20.00

00

7314.31
7314.31.10

00

Grill, netting and fencing, welded at the intersection, of
wire with a maximum cross-sectional dimension of 3 mm
or more and having a mesh size of 100 cm2 or more.........

Other grill, netting and fencing, welded at the intersection:

Plated or coated with zinc:

m2..............
kg

Free3/1/

m2..............
kg

Free3/1/

m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg
m2..............
kg

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

kg..............

Free3/1/

Wire fencing plated or coated with zinc, whether
or not covered with plastic material........................

kg..............

Free3/1/

7314.31.50

Other:.........................................................................

..................

Free3/1/

10

80
00

7314.39.00

Welded wire stucco netting, furred, not
reinforced with supplemental horizontal
wire......................................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free3/1/

35%

50%

75%

75%

60%

60%

45%

1.1¢/kg

45%

45%

XV
73-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7314 (con.)

7314.41.00

30

40

45
80

30

60

00

00
00

7314.42.00

7314.49
7314.49.30

7314.49.60
7314.50.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cloth (including endless bands), grill, netting and fencing, of
iron or steel wire; expanded metal of iron or steel: (con.)

Other grill, netting and fencing:

Plated or coated with zinc..............................................
Chain link fencing.....................................................

..................
kg

Free3/1/

1.1¢/kg4/

Woven wire stucco netting, furred, not reinforced
with supplemental horizontal wire:

Of wire with maximum cross- sectional
dimension of 1 mm............................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Coated with plastics........................................................
Chain link fencing.....................................................

kg
kg
..................
kg

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other:

Not cut to shape........................................................

kg..............

Cut to shape..............................................................
Expanded metal.....................................................................

kg..............
m2..............
kg

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/
Free3/1/

1.1¢/kg

45%

35%
45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

7315

Chain and parts thereof, of iron or steel:

Articulated link chain and parts thereof:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-31

2

7315.11.00

7315.12.00

7315.19.00
7315.20
7315.20.10

05

10

45
60

20

40

60

80
00

00

7315.82

7315.82.10

00

7315.82.30

00

7315.82.50

00

7315.82.70
7315.89

00

7315.89.10

00

Roller chain......................................................................
For motor vehicles....................................................

..................
kg

Free3/1/

Other:

Of not over 50 mm pitch and containing more
than 3 parts per pitch:

Bicycle chains..............................................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other chain.......................................................................
Of not over 50 mm pitch and containing more than
3 parts per pitch........................................................

Other:

Welded steel chain............................................

Cast and combination chain.............................

kg
kg
..................

Free3/1/

kg

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Parts..................................................................................

kg
kg..............

Skid chain:

Not over 8 mm in diameter.............................................

kg..............

7315.20.50

00

Over 8 mm in diameter...................................................

kg..............

7315.81.00

00

Stud link............................................................................

kg..............

Other chain:

Other, welded link:

Of alloy steel:

Not over 10 mm in diameter.............................

kg..............

Over 10 mm in diameter...................................

kg..............

Of iron or nonalloy steel:

Not over 10 mm in diameter.............................

kg..............

Over 10 mm in diameter...................................

kg..............

Other:

With links of essentially round cross sections:

Not over 8 mm in diameter...............................

kg..............

1.5%3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

7315.89.30
7315.89.50

00
00

Over 8 mm in diameter......................................
Other..........................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free3/1/
3.9%3/1/

7315.90.00

00

Other parts..............................................................................

kg..............

2.9%3/1/

7316.00.00

00

Anchors, grapnels and parts thereof, of iron or steel................

No.............
kg

Free3/1/

40%

40%

40%

10%

2.5¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

10%

10%

10%

10%

10%

4.7¢/kg
45%

45%

25%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
73-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7317.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Nails, tacks, drawing pins, corrugated nails, staples (other
than those of heading 8305) and similar articles, of iron or
steel, whether or not with heads of other material, but excluding
such articles with heads of copper:

7317.00.10

00

Thumb tacks...........................................................................

kg..............

7317.00.20

00

Not threaded....................................................................

kg..............

Other, suitable for use in powder-actuated handtools:

7317.00.30

00

Threaded..........................................................................

kg..............

Free7/1/

Free3/1/

Free8/1/

Other:

Of one piece construction:

7317.00.55

Made of round wire...................................................

..................

Free8/1/

4%

1.5¢/kg

45%

3.5%

01

02

03

05

07
08

11

18

19

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

30

60
00

7317.00.65

7317.00.75

Collated nails:

Collated roofing nails with a length of
20.6 mm to 46.1 mm, a head diameter of
8.3 mm to 10.6 mm, a shank diameter of
2.5 mm to 3.2 mm, whether or not
galvanized....................................................

Other:

Assembled in a wire coil:

Galvanized.....................................

Other...............................................

Assembled in a plastic strip:

Galvanized.....................................

Other...............................................
Assembled in a paper strip.................

Assembled in a wire strip....................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

Other:

With a length of less than 25.4 mm and
with a diameter of less than 1.65 mm.......

kg

Other:

Smooth shank:

Not coated, plated or painted.......

kg

Coated, plated or painted:

Galvanized...............................

kg

Vinyl, resin or cement
coated......................................

Other........................................

kg

kg

Other:

Not coated, plated or painted.......

kg

Coated, plated or painted:

Galvanized...............................

kg

Vinyl, resin or cement
coated......................................

kg

Other........................................
Other..........................................................................
Cut.......................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free8/

Other...................................................................
Of two or more pieces.....................................................

kg
kg..............

Free3/1/

5.5%

8%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7318

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-33

2

Screws, bolts, nuts, coach screws, screw hooks, rivets, cotters,
cotter pins, washers (including spring washers) and similar
articles, of iron or steel:
Threaded articles:

7318.11.00

00

Coach screws..................................................................

kg..............

12.5%3/1/

7318.12.00

00

Other wood screws.........................................................

kg..............

12.5%3/1/

7318.13.00

Screw hooks and screw rings........................................

..................

5.7%3/1/

7318.14
7318.14.10

7318.14.50

30

60

30

60

20

80

Having shanks or threads with a diameter of less
than 6 mm..................................................................

Having shanks or threads with a diameter of 6 mm
or more.......................................................................

kg

kg

Self-tapping screws:

Having shanks or threads with a diameter of less
than 6 mm..................................................................

..................

6.2%3/1/

Of stainless steel................................................

Other...................................................................
Having shanks or threads with a diameter of 6 mm
or more.......................................................................

kg

kg

..................

8.6%3/1/

Of stainless steel................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

25%

25%

45%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3.1% (JP)

45%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.3% (JP)

XV
73-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7318 (con.)

7318.15

7318.15.20

10

20

30

41

46

51

55

61

65

91

95
00

30

51

56
90

7318.15.40

7318.15.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Screws, bolts, nuts, coach screws, screw hooks, rivets, cotters,
cotter pins, washers (including spring washers) and similar
articles, of iron or steel: (con.)
Threaded articles: (con.)

Other screws and bolts, whether or not with their nuts
or washers:

Bolts and bolts and their nuts or washers entered
or exported in the same shipment..........................
Having shanks or threads with a diameter of
less than 6 mm...................................................

Having shanks or threads with a diameter of
6 mm or more:

Track bolts...................................................

Structural bolts............................................

Bent bolts:

Right-angle anchor bolts.....................

Other......................................................

Other:

With round heads:

Of stainless steel...........................

Other...............................................

With hexagonal heads:

Of stainless steel...........................

Other...............................................

Other:

Of stainless steel...........................

Other...............................................

..................

Free3/1/

3.5%4/

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Machine screws 9.5 mm or more in length and
3.2 mm or more in diameter (not including cap
screws)......................................................................

kg..............

Free3/1/

Studs..........................................................................
Of stainless steel................................................

..................
kg

Free3/1/

Other:

Continuously threaded rod:

Of alloy steel.........................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg

kg
kg

2.2¢/kg4/

45%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7318 (con.)

7318.15
(con.)

7318.15.60

10

40

70

80

20

30

45

55

66

69

82

85

15

30

45

60

85
00

7318.15.80

7318.16.00

7318.19.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-35

2

Screws, bolts, nuts, coach screws, screw hooks, rivets, cotters,
cotter pins, washers (including spring washers) and similar
articles, of iron or steel: (con.)
Threaded articles: (con.)

Other screws and bolts, whether or not with their nuts
or washers: (con.)

Other:

Having shanks or threads with a diameter of
less than 6 mm...................................................

..................

6.2%3/1/

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Socket screws:

Of stainless steel..................................

Other......................................................

Other:

Of stainless steel..................................

Other......................................................
Having shanks or threads with a diameter of
6 mm or more.....................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

..................

8.5%3/1/

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Set screws...................................................

kg

Other:

Socket screws:

Of stainless steel...........................

Other...............................................

kg

kg

Other:

With hexagonal heads:

Of stainless steel....................

kg

Other:

Cap screws.......................

Other.................................

kg

kg

Other:

Of stainless steel....................

kg

Other........................................
Nuts...................................................................................

kg
..................

Free7/1/

0.5%4/

Lugnuts:

Non-locking chrome-plated..............................

Locking................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Of stainless steel................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

5.7%3/1/

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.85% (JP)

XV
73-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7318 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Screws, bolts, nuts, coach screws, screw hooks, rivets, cotters,
cotter pins, washers (including spring washers) and similar
articles, of iron or steel: (con.)
Non-threaded articles:

7318.21.00

Spring washers and other lock washers.......................

..................

5.8%3/1/

30

90
00

7318.22.00

Helical spring lock washers.....................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other washers.................................................................

kg
kg..............

7318.23.00

00

Rivets................................................................................

kg..............

7318.24.00

00

Cotters and cotter pins...................................................

kg..............

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

3.8%3/1/

7318.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.8%3/1/

Sewing needles, knitting needles, bodkins, crochet hooks,
embroidery stilettos and similar articles for use in the hand, of
iron or steel; safety pins and other pins of iron or steel, not
elsewhere specified or included:

Safety pins and other pins:

Safety pins.......................................................................

..................

4.5%7/1/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.9% (JP)

1.3¢/kg4/

2.2¢/kg

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

On cards....................................................................

gross

Other..........................................................................
Dressmakers' or common pins......................................

gross
kg..............

4.1%7/1/

Other.................................................................................
Push pins...................................................................

..................
kg

Free7/1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Sewing, darning or embroidery needles.......................

thousands.

7319.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free7/1/

2.9%7/1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free

45%

7319

7319.40
7319.40.20

10

50
00

10

50

00

7319.40.30

7319.40.50

7319.90
7319.90.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Springs and leaves for springs, of iron or steel:

Leaf springs and leaves therefor:

Suitable for motor vehicle suspension:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-37

2

To be used in motor vehicles having a G.V.W. not
exceeding 4 metric tons...........................................

kg..............

3.2%3/1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7320
7320.10

7320.10.30

00

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7320.10.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.2%3/1/

15

60

15

60

00

7320.10.90

7320.20
7320.20.10

Leaf springs having individual leaves with a
thickness of 1.6 mm or more and leaves
therefor................................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

3.2%3/1/

Leaf springs having individual leaves with a
thickness of 1.6 mm or more and leaves
therefor.......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Helical springs:

Suitable for motor-vehicle suspension..........................

kg..............

3.2%7/1/

7320.20.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.9%7/1/

Helical springs, of wire having a cross-sectional
dimension of less than 5.1 mm:

Suitable for use in mattress supports and
mattresses of heading 9404.............................

Other...................................................................

Helical springs, of wire having a cross-sectional
dimension of 5.1 mm or more but less than
12.7 mm.....................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

10

20
45

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
73-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7320 (con.)
7320.90
7320.90.10

7320.90.50

Springs and leaves for springs, of iron or steel: (con.)

Other:

00

Hairsprings.......................................................................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free3/1/

2.9%3/1/

Of wire:

Suitable for use in mattress supports and
mattresses of heading 9404.............................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Stoves, ranges, grates, cookers (including those with
subsidiary boilers for central heating), barbecues, braziers,
gas rings, plate warmers and similar nonelectric domestic
appliances, and parts thereof, of iron or steel:
Cooking appliances and plate warmers:

For gas fuel or for both gas and other fuels:

Portable.....................................................................

..................

5.7%3/1/

65%

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Stoves or ranges................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Stoves or ranges:...............................................
Of a maximum width not exceeding
70 centimeters.............................................

Of a maximum width exceeding 70 but not
exceeding 80 centimeters..........................

..................

Free3/1/

45%

No.

No.

Of a maximum width exceeding
80 centimeters.............................................
Other...................................................................
For liquid fuel...................................................................

No.
No.............
No.............

Other, including appliances for solid fuel......................

..................

Free3/1/
Free1/

Free1/

Portable:

Hibachis..............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Of cast iron.........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

45%
45%

45%

7321

7321.11
7321.11.10

7321.11.30

7321.11.60
7321.12.00

7321.19.00

10

20
60

30

60

10

20

50

00
00

20

40

60

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-39

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7321 (con.)

7321.81
7321.81.10

00

7321.81.50
7321.82
7321.82.10

00

00

7321.82.50
7321.89.00

00

10

50

Stoves, ranges, grates, cookers (including those with
subsidiary boilers for central heating), barbecues, braziers,
gas rings, plate warmers and similar nonelectric domestic
appliances, and parts thereof, of iron or steel: (con.)

Other appliances:

For gas fuel or for both gas and other fuels:

Portable.....................................................................

No.............

2.9%1/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

For liquid fuel:

Portable.....................................................................

No.............

Free7/1/

2.9%7/1/

Other..........................................................................
Other, including appliances for solid fuel......................
Fireplace grates of cast iron....................................

No.............
..................
No.

Free7/1/
Free7/1/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7321.90

Parts:

7321.90.10

00

Cooking chambers, whether or not assembled......

Of articles in subheading 7321.11.30:

7321.90.20

00

Top surface panels with or without burners or
controls......................................................................

7321.90.40

00

Door assemblies, incorporating more than one of
the following: inner panel, outer panel, window,
insulation....................................................................

7321.90.50

00

Other..........................................................................

7321.90.60

Other.................................................................................

No.............
kg

Free3/1/

No.............
kg

Free3/1/

No.............
kg

No.............
kg
..................

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

Free3/1/

40

60

90

Of cooking appliances and plate warmers:

Shelving and racks for cooking ovens.............

Other...................................................................

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

45%

45%

45%

45%
45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

XV
73-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7322

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Radiators for central heating, not electrically heated, and parts
thereof, of iron or steel; air heaters and hot air distributors
(including distributors which can also distribute fresh or
conditioned air), not electrically heated, incorporating a
motor-driven fan or blower, and parts thereof, of iron or steel:

Radiators and parts thereof:

7322.11.00

00

Of cast iron.......................................................................

No.............

Free3/

45%

45%
45%

7322.19.00
7322.90.00

00

15

30

45

7323

7323.10.00

00

7323.91
7323.91.10

00

Other.................................................................................
Other, including parts............................................................
Air heaters, not electrically heated, incorporating a
motor-driven fan or blower.............................................

Hot air distributors, not electrically heated,
incorporating a motor-driven fan or blower..................

Parts of air heaters and hot air distributors..................

Table, kitchen or other household articles and parts thereof,
of iron or steel; iron or steel wool; pot scourers and scouring
or polishing pads, gloves and the like, of iron or steel:

Iron or steel wool; pot scourers and scouring or polishing
pads, gloves and the like.......................................................

Other:

Of cast iron, not enameled:

No.............
..................

Free3/1/
Free3/1/

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.

Coated or plated with precious metal.....................

No.............
kg

Free7/

7323.91.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

5.3%

7323.92.00

20

40

20

40

Bakeware (cookware not suitable for stove top
use)......................................................................

Other...................................................................

Of cast iron, enameled....................................................
Bakeware (cookware not suitable for stove top
use)............................................................................

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

Free7/

No.
kg

No.
kg

kg..............

Free3/1/

22¢/kg + 30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

40%

35.5%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7323 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
73-41

2

Table, kitchen or other household articles and parts thereof,
of iron or steel; iron or steel wool; pot scourers and scouring
or polishing pads, gloves and the like, of iron or steel: (con.)

Other: (con.)

7323.93.00

Of stainless steel.............................................................

..................

2%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15

35

45

60

80

Cooking and kitchen ware:

Teakettles...........................................................

Other:

Cooking ware:

Bakeware (cookware not suitable for
stove top use).......................................

Other......................................................

Kitchen ware................................................

Other..........................................................................

7323.94.00

Of iron (other than cast iron) or steel, enameled.........

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg
No.
kg
..................

10

21

26

30

40

80

Cooking and kitchen ware:

Of steel:

Teakettles....................................................

Other:

Cooking ware:

Bakeware (cookware not suitable
for stove top use)...........................

Other...............................................

Kitchen ware.........................................

Other...................................................................

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg
No.
kg
No.
kg

2.7%7/1/

35.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
73-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7323 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Table, kitchen or other household articles and parts thereof,
of iron or steel; iron or steel wool; pot scourers and scouring
or polishing pads, gloves and the like, of iron or steel: (con.)

7323.99

Other: (con.)
Other:

7323.99.10

00

Coated or plated with silver..............................

Coated or plated with precious metal:

7323.99.30

00

Other...................................................................

No.............
kg

No.............
kg

Free7/1/

8.2%1/

7323.99.50

Of tinplate...........................................................

..................

Free1/

Not coated or plated with precious metal:

30

60

Kitchen or tableware suitable for food or
drink contact................................................

Other.............................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other:

7323.99.70

00

Cookingware................................................

No.............
kg

5.3%1/

7323.99.90

Other.............................................................

..................

3.4%3/1/

30

40

80

10

50

00

00
00
00

7324
7324.10.00

7324.21
7324.21.10

7324.21.50
7324.29.00
7324.90.00

Kitchen or tableware suitable for food
or drink contact.....................................

No.
kg

Gates for confining children or pets....

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Sanitary ware and parts thereof, of iron or steel:

Sinks and wash basins, of stainless steel...........................

..................

3.4%3/1/

Stainless steel sinks with one or more drawn bowls
(basins).............................................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Baths:

Of cast iron, whether or not enamelled:

Coated or plated with precious metal.....................

No.............

Free3/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Other, including parts............................................................

No.............
No.............
No.............

Free3/
Free7/1/
Free3/1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

65%

40%

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

40%
40%
40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Other cast articles of iron or steel:

Of nonmalleable cast iron.....................................................
Manhole covers, rings and frames................................

..................
kg

Free3/

XV
73-43

2

10%4/

Catch basins, grates and frames...................................

Cleanout covers and frames..........................................

Valve and service boxes.................................................

Meter boxes.....................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7325
7325.10.00

10

20

25

30

35

80

7325.91.00

00

Grinding balls and similar articles for mills...................

kg..............

2.9%3/1/

7325.99
7325.99.10

00

Other:

Of cast iron................................................................

kg..............

7325.99.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

7326

Other articles of iron or steel:

Forged or stamped, but not further worked:

7326.11.00

00

Grinding balls and similar articles for mills...................

kg..............

7326.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free3/1/

2.9%3/1/

Free3/1/

2.9%3/1/

7326.20.00

10

80

10

20

30

40

55

90

Forged........................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Articles of iron or steel wire...................................................

kg
..................

3.9%3/1/

Belts and belting..............................................................

kg

Garment hangers............................................................

No.

Sod staples, U staples, irrigation staples, ground
staples, and ground pins................................................

Double loop bar ties and double loop wire ties............

Paint roller frames...........................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

45%

27.5%

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
73-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7326 (con.)
7326.90
7326.90.10

Other articles of iron or steel: (con.)

Other:

00

Of tinplate.........................................................................

No.............
kg

Free3/1/

7326.90.25

00

7326.90.35

00

Other:

Cable or inner wire for caliper and cantilever
brakes and casing therefor, whether or not cut to
length.........................................................................

Containers of a kind normally carried on the
person, in the pocket or in the handbag.................

kg..............

Free3/1/

doz............

7.8%3/1/

7326.90.45

00

Horse and mule shoes.............................................

kg..............

Free3/1/

7326.90.60

00

Coated or plated with precious metal..............

Other:

No.............
kg

8.6%3/1/

7326.90.86

Other...................................................................

..................

2.9%3/1/

45%

45%

110%

10%

65%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

05

10

30

35

45

60

75

76

77

88

Rods for electrical grounding.....................

kg

Laminated goods consisting of two or more
flat-rolled sheets of iron or steel held
together with an adhesive or having a core
of non-metallic material..............................

Hangers and similar supports for tubes
and pipes.....................................................

Fence posts, studded with corrugations,
knobs, studs, notches or similar
protrusions, with or without anchor
plates............................................................

Barbed tape.................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Ladders........................................................

No.

Paint roller frames (other than of iron or
steel wire).....................................................

Metal handles for brooms, mops, paint
applicators and similar products...............

No.

No.

Burial caskets..............................................

No.

Other9/...........................................................

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 73 - 45

1/ See U.S. note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
2/ See 9903.91.01.
3/ See 9903.88.03.
4/ See 9903.90.09.
5/ See 9903.88.15 and U.S. note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
6/ See 9903.88.02.
7/ See 9903.88.15.
8/ See 9903.88.03 and U.S. note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
9/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 74

COPPER AND ARTICLES THEREOF

XV
74-1

Note

1.

In this chapter the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

(a) Refined copper

Metal containing at least 99.85 percent by weight of copper; or

Metal containing at least 97.5 percent by weight of copper, provided that the content by weight of any other element does
not exceed the limit specified in the following table:

Element

Ag
Silver
As
Arsenic
Cd
Cadmium
Cr
Chromium
Mg
Magnesium
Pb
Lead
S
Sulfur
Sn
Tin
Te
Tellurium
Zn
Zinc
Zirconium
Zr
Other elements*, each

TABLE - Other elements

Limiting content percent by

weight

0.25
0.5
1.3
1.4
0.8
1.5
0.7
0.8
0.8
1
0.3
0.3

* Other elements are, for example, Al, Be, Co, Fe, Mn, Ni, Si.

(b) Copper alloys

Metallic substances other than unrefined copper in which copper predominates by weight over each of the other elements,
provided that:

(i)

The content by weight of at least one of the other elements is greater than the limit specified in the foregoing table; or

(ii) The total content by weight of such other elements exceeds 2.5 percent.

(c) Master alloys

Alloys containing with other elements more than 10 percent by weight of copper, not usefully malleable and commonly used
as an additive in the manufacture of other alloys or as deoxidants, desulfurizing agents or for similar uses in the metallurgy
of nonferrous metals. However, copper phosphide (phosphor copper) containing more than 15 percent by weight of phosphorus
falls in heading 2853.

Subheading Note

1.

In this chapter the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
74-2
Subheading Note (con.)

(a) Copper-zinc base alloys (brasses)

Alloys of copper and zinc, with or without other elements. When other elements are present:

- zinc predominates by weight over each of such other elements;

- any nickel content by weight is less than 5 percent (see copper-nickel-zinc alloys (nickel silvers)); and

- any tin content by weight is less than 3 percent (see copper-tin alloys (bronzes)).

(b) Copper-tin base alloys (bronzes)

Alloys of copper and tin, with or without other elements. When other elements are present, tin predominates by weight over
each of such other elements, except that when the tin content is 3 percent or more the zinc content by weight may exceed
that of tin but must be less than 10 percent.

(c) Copper-nickel-zinc base alloys (nickel silvers)

Alloys of copper, nickel and zinc, with or without other elements. The nickel content is 5 percent or more by weight (see
copper-zinc alloys (brasses)).

(d) Copper-nickel base alloys

Alloys of copper and nickel, with or without other elements but in any case containing by weight not more than 1 percent of
zinc. When other elements are present, nickel predominates by weight over each of such other elements.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

The deduction provided for in additional U.S. note 1 to chapter 26 shall apply to cement copper and copper precipitates of
subheading 7401.20.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "beryllium copper master alloy" refers to master alloys which contain by weight at least
3 percent but not more than 10 percent beryllium.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
74-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7401.00.00

00

Copper mattes; cement copper (precipitated copper)..............

kg..............

Free

7402.00.00

00

Unrefined copper; copper anodes for electrolytic refining.......

kg..............
Cu kg

Free1/

7403

Refined copper and copper alloys, unwrought (other than
master alloys of heading 7405):

Refined copper:

7403.11.00

00

Cathodes and sections of cathodes..............................

kg..............

7403.12.00

00

Wire bars..........................................................................

kg..............

7403.13.00

00

Billets................................................................................

kg..............

7403.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

7403.21.00

00

Copper-zinc base alloys (brass)....................................

kg..............

Copper alloys:

7403.22.00

00

Copper-tin base alloys (bronze)....................................

kg..............

7403.29.01

Other copper alloys.........................................................

..................

1%1/

1%1/

1%1/

1%1/

1%1/

1%1/

1%1/

10

80

Copper-nickel base alloys (cupro-nickel) or
copper-nickel-zinc base alloys (nickel silver)........

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

6%

6%

6%2/

6%

6%

6%

6%

6%

6%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
74-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7404.00
7404.00.30

20

45

55
65

90

20

45

55
65

90

00

30

50

00

7404.00.60

7405.00
7405.00.10

7405.00.60

7406
7406.10.00

Copper waste and scrap:

Spent anodes; waste and scrap with a copper content of
less than 94 percent by weight.............................................
Of refined copper............................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Of copper alloys:

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass):

Containing more than 0.3 percent of lead.......

Other...................................................................
Of copper-tin base alloys (bronze).........................

kg

kg
kg

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Of refined copper............................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Of copper alloys:

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass):

Containing more than 0.3 percent of lead.......

Other...................................................................
Of copper-tin base alloys (bronze).........................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

Master alloys of copper:

Containing by weight 5 percent or more but not more than
15 percent of phosphorus.....................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Other........................................................................................
Beryllium copper master alloy........................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

kg

Copper powders and flakes:

Powders of non-lamellar structure.......................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

7406.20.00

00

Powders of lamellar structure; flakes...................................

kg..............

6%

6%

12%

28%

49%

12%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7407
7407.10

Article Description

Copper bars, rods and profiles:

Of refined copper:
Profiles:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
74-5

7407.10.15

00

Hollow profiles...........................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7407.10.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7407.10.50

Bars and rods..................................................................

..................

1%1/

10

50

Having a rectangular cross section........................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

7407.21

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass):

Of copper alloys:

Profiles:

7407.21.15

00

Hollow profiles....................................................

kg..............

2.2%1/

7407.21.30

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

2.2%1/

7407.21.50

00

Low fuming brazing rods...................................

kg..............

2.2%1/

Bars and rods:

7407.21.70

00

Having a rectangular cross section...........

kg..............

1.9%1/

Other:

7407.21.90

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

2.2%1/

48%

48%

7%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

17%

17%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9%

9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
74-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7407 (con.)

Copper bars, rods and profiles: (con.)

7407.29

7407.29.16

10

80

7407.29.34

00

Of copper alloys: (con.)

Other:

Profiles:

Hollow.................................................................

..................

3%1/

Of copper-nickel base alloys (cupro-nickel)
or copper-nickel-zinc base alloys (nickel
silver)............................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Of copper-nickel base alloys (cupro-nickel)
or copper-nickel-zinc base alloys (nickel
silver)............................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7407.29.38

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7407.29.40

00

Bars and rods of copper-nickel base alloys
(cupro-nickel) or copper-nickel-zinc base alloys
(nickel silver).............................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7407.29.50

00

Other bars and rods.................................................

kg..............

1.6%1/

48%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

48%

48%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

48%

9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7408

Copper wire:

Of refined copper:

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
74-7

7408.11

7408.11.30

00

Of which the maximum cross-sectional dimension
exceeds 6 mm:

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension over
9.5 mm.......................................................................

kg..............

1%1/

7408.11.60

00

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension over
6 mm but not over 9.5 mm.......................................

kg..............

3%1/

7408.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

3%1/

30

60

With a maximum cross-sectional dimension of
3 mm or less..............................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Of copper alloys:

7408.21.00

00

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass)...............................

kg..............

3%1/

7408.22

Of copper-nickel base alloys (cupro-nickel) or
copper-nickel-zinc base alloys (nickel silver):

7408.22.10

00

Coated or plated with metal.....................................

kg..............

3%1/

7408.22.50

00

Not coated or plated with metal..............................

kg..............

3%1/

7408.29
7408.29.10

00

Other:

Coated or plated with metal.....................................

kg..............

3%1/

7408.29.50

00

Not coated or plated with metal..............................

kg..............

3%1/

7%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

28%2/

28%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

28%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

28%

28%

28%

28%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
74-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7409

7409.11
7409.11.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Copper plates, sheets and strip, of a thickness exceeding
0.15 mm:

Of refined copper:

In coils:

Of a thickness of 5 mm or more..............................

kg..............

3%1/

7409.11.50

Of a thickness of less than 5 mm............................

..................

1%1/

10

50

00

7409.19
7409.19.10

Of a width of 500 mm or more..........................

Of a width of less than 500 mm........................

kg

kg

Other:

Of a thickness of 5 mm or more..............................

kg..............

3%1/

7409.19.50

00

Of a width of 500 mm or more..........................

kg..............

1%1/

Of a thickness of less than 5 mm:

7409.19.90

00

Of a width of less than 500 mm........................

kg..............

3%1/

7409.21.00

In coils...............................................................................

..................

1.9%1/

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass):

7409.29.00

10

50

75

90

10

50

75

90

Of a thickness of 5 mm or more..............................

kg

Of a thickness of less than 5 mm:

Of a width of 500 mm or more..........................

kg

Of a width of less than 500 mm:

Of a thickness less than 1.6 mm...............

kg

Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

1.9%1/

Of a thickness of 5 mm or more..............................

kg

Of a thickness of less than 5 mm:

Of a width of 500 mm or more..........................

kg

Of a width of less than 500 mm:

Of a thickness less than 1.6 mm...............

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

38%

7.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

48%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7.5%

48%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
74-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7409 (con.)

7409.31
7409.31.10

00

Copper plates, sheets and strip, of a thickness exceeding
0.15 mm: (con.)

Of copper-tin base alloys (bronze):

In coils:

Of a thickness of 5 mm or more..............................

kg..............

3%1/

7409.31.50

00

Of a width of 500 mm or more..........................

kg..............

1.7%1/

Of a thickness of less than 5 mm:

7409.31.90

00

Of a width of less than 500 mm........................

kg..............

3%1/

7409.39
7409.39.10

Other:

Of a thickness of 5 mm or more..............................

..................

3%1/

30

60

Of phosphor bronze...........................................

Other...................................................................

kg
Cu kg

kg
Cu kg

7409.39.50

00

Of a width of 500 mm or more..........................

kg..............

1.7%1/

Of a thickness of less than 5 mm:

7409.39.90

Of a width of less than 500 mm........................

..................

3%1/

30

60

Of phosphor bronze....................................

Other.............................................................

kg
Cu kg

kg
Cu kg

7409.40.00

00

Of copper-nickel base alloys (cupro-nickel) or copper-
nickel-zinc base alloys (nickel silver)...................................

kg..............

3%1/

49%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9%

49%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

49%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9%

49%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

48%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
74-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7409 (con.)

7409.90
7409.90.10

7409.90.50

7409.90.90

30

60

30

60

30

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Copper plates, sheets and strip, of a thickness exceeding
0.15 mm: (con.)

Of other copper alloys:

Of a thickness of 5 mm or more.....................................

..................

3%1/

Of beryllium copper..................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg
Cu kg

kg
Cu kg

Of a thickness of less than 5 mm:

Of a width of 500 mm or more.................................

..................

1.7%1/

Of beryllium copper...........................................

Other...................................................................

Of a width of less than 500 mm..............................

kg
Cu kg

kg
Cu kg
..................

3%1/

Of beryllium copper...........................................

Other...................................................................

kg
Cu kg

kg
Cu kg

49%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

49%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7410

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
74-11

2

Copper foil (whether or not printed or backed with paper,
paperboard, plastics or similar backing materials) of a
thickness (excluding any backing) not exceeding 0.15 mm:

Not backed:

7410.11.00

00

Of refined copper............................................................

kg..............

7410.12.00

Of copper alloys...............................................................

..................

1%1/

1%1/

6.5%

6.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass).........................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Backed:

Of refined copper:

Copper clad laminates.............................................

..................

3%1/

7410.21
7410.21.30

30

60

20

40

60

Having a base wholly of plastics impregnated
glass:

Having copper on one side only................

Having copper on both sides.....................

Other...................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
m2
kg
kg..............

1.5%1/

7410.21.60

00

Other..........................................................................

7410.22.00

00

Of copper alloys...............................................................

kg..............

1.5%1/

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6%

6%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Copper tubes and pipes:
Of refined copper:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
74-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7411
7411.10
7411.10.10

30

90
00

7411.10.50

7411.21
7411.21.10

00

Seamless..........................................................................

..................

1.5%1/

Having an outside diameter of 6 mm or more but
not exceeding 16 mm, in coils on spools...............

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

3%1/

Of copper alloys:

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass):

Seamless...................................................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

7411.21.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7411.22.00

00

Of copper-nickel base alloys (cupro-nickel) or
copper-nickel-zinc base alloys (nickel-silver)..............

kg..............

3%1/

7411.29
7411.29.10

00

Other:

Seamless...................................................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

7411.29.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

13%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

47%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

49%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

47%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

49%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7412

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Copper tube or pipe fittings (for example couplings, elbows,
sleeves):

XV
74-13

2

7412.10.00

00

Of refined copper...................................................................

kg..............

7412.20.00

Of copper alloys.....................................................................

..................

15

25

35
45

65

85
90

For brake hoses for vehicles of subheading 8701.21,
8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29 or headings
8702, 8703, 8704, or 8705............................................

Other:

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass):

Threaded:

Nipples.........................................................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

Other:

Threaded:

Nipples.........................................................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg
kg

7413.00

Stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including
slings and similar articles, of copper, not electrically insulated:
Not fitted with fittings and not made up into articles:

7413.00.10

00

Stranded wire...................................................................

kg..............

7413.00.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

7413.00.90

00

Fitted with fittings or made up into articles..........................

kg..............

3%1/

3%1/

3%1/

2%1/

3%1/

46%

49%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
74-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7415

7415.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Nails, tacks, drawing pins, staples (other than those of heading
8305) and similar articles, of copper or of iron or steel with
heads of copper; screws, bolts, nuts, screw hooks, rivets,
cotters, cotter pins, washers (including spring washers) and
similar articles, of copper:

Nails and tacks, drawing pins, staples and similar
articles.....................................................................................

kg..............

2.5%1/

7415.21.00

00

Washers (including spring washers).............................

kg..............

Other articles, not threaded:

7415.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

3%1/

7415.33
7415.33.05

00

Other threaded articles:

Screws, bolts and nuts:

Screws for wood.......................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7415.33.10

00

Muntz or yellow metal bolts.....................................

kg..............

1.4%1/

7415.33.80

Other screws and bolts; nuts...................................

..................

3%1/

10

50

7415.39.00

00

Having shanks, threads or holes 6 mm or more
in diameter..........................................................

kg

Having shanks, threads or holes less than
6 mm in diameter...............................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

3%1/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

7%

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
74-15

2

Table, kitchen or other household articles and parts thereof,
of copper; pot scourers and scouring or polishing pads, gloves
and the like, of copper; sanitary ware and parts thereof, of
copper:

Table, kitchen or other household articles and parts thereof;
pot scourers and scouring or polishing pads, gloves and
the like.....................................................................................

..................

3%3/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7418

7418.10.00

02

04

19

21

23

25

51

53

55

00

7418.20
7418.20.10

Pot scourers and scouring or polishing pads, gloves
and the like:

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass).........................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Coated or plated with precious metals...................

kg

Other:

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass):

Cooking or heating apparatus of a kind
used for domestic purposes, non- electric
and parts thereof.........................................

Cooking and kitchen ware.........................

Other.............................................................

Other:

Cooking or heating apparatus of a kind
used for domestic purposes, non- electric
and parts thereof.........................................

Cooking and kitchen ware.........................

kg

kg

kg

kg

No.
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

Sanitary ware and parts thereof:

Of copper-zinc base alloys (brass)...............................

kg..............

3%1/

7418.20.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

..................

Free1/

46%

XV
74-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7419
7419.20.00

10

50

Other articles of copper:

Cast, molded, stamped or forged, but not further
worked.....................................................................................
Brass plumbing goods, not elsewhere specified or
included............................................................................

Other.................................................................................

7419.80

Other:

7419.80.03

00

Cloth (including endless bands), grill and netting, of
copper wire; expanded metal of copper:

Cloth:

Fourdrinier wires, seamed or not seamed,
suitable for use in papermaking machines, with
94 or more wires to the lineal centimeter........

kg

kg

m2..............
kg

Free1/

7419.80.06

Other...................................................................

..................

3%1/

60

80

Fourdrinier wires, seamed or not seamed,
suitable for use in papermaking machines,
with fewer than 94 or more wires to the
lineal centimeter..........................................

Other.............................................................

7419.80.09

00

Other..........................................................................

m2
kg
m2
kg
kg..............

3%1/

7419.80.15

00

Containers of a kind normally carried on the person,
in the pocket or in the handbag.....................................

doz............

3%1/

7419.80.16

00

Copper springs................................................................

kg..............

7419.80.17

00

Chain and parts thereof..................................................

kg..............

3%1/

3%1/

7419.80.30

00

Coated or plated with precious metal.....................

kg..............

3%1/

Other:

7419.80.50

10

50

Other..........................................................................
Brass plumbing goods not elsewhere specified
or included..........................................................

Other...................................................................

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

75%

43%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

43%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

110%

45%

45%

65%

46%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 74 - 17

1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.09.
3/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 75

NICKEL AND ARTICLES THEREOF

XV
75-1

Subheading Notes

1.

In this chapter the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

(a) Nickel, not alloyed

Metal containing by weight at least 99 percent of nickel plus cobalt, provided that:

(i)

The cobalt content by weight does not exceed 1.5 percent, and

(ii) The content by weight of any other element does not exceed the limit specified in the following table:

Element

Limiting content percent by

TABLE - Other elements

Fe
Iron
Oxygen
O
Other elements, each

weight

0.5
0.4
0.3

(b) Nickel alloys

Metallic substances in which nickel predominates by weight over each of the other elements provided that:

(i)

The content by weight of cobalt exceeds 1.5 percent,

(ii) The content by weight of at least one of the other elements is greater than the limit specified in the foregoing table, or

(iii) The total content by weight of elements other than nickel plus cobalt exceeds 1 percent.

2. Notwithstanding the provisions of note 9(c) to section XV, for the purposes of subheading 7508.10 the term "wire" applies only
to products, whether or not in coils, of any cross-sectional shape, of which no cross-sectional dimension exceeds 6 mm.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
75-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7501

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Nickel mattes, nickel oxide sinters and other intermediate
products of nickel metallurgy:

7501.10.00

00

Nickel mattes..........................................................................

7501.20.00

00

Nickel oxide sinters and other intermediate products of
nickel metallurgy....................................................................

kg..............
Ni kg

Free1/

kg..............
Ni kg

Free1/

7502
7502.10.00

Unwrought nickel:

00

Nickel, not alloyed..................................................................

kg..............

7502.20.00

00

Nickel alloys............................................................................

kg..............

7503.00.00

00

Nickel waste and scrap................................................................

kg..............

7504.00.00

10

50

Nickel powders and flakes...........................................................
Powders..................................................................................

..................
kg

Flakes......................................................................................

kg

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free

Free

6.6¢/kg2/

6.6¢/kg2/

6.6¢/kg

6.6¢/kg2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

7505

Nickel bars, rods, profiles and wire:

7505.11

Bars, rods and profiles:

Of nickel, not alloyed:
Bars and rods:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
75-3

7505.11.10

00

Cold-formed........................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7505.11.30

00

Not cold-formed.................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/

7505.11.50

00

Profiles.......................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7505.12

Of nickel alloys:

Bars and rods:

7505.12.10

00

Cold-formed........................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7505.12.30

00

Not cold-formed.................................................

kg..............

2.5%1/

7505.12.50

00

Profiles.......................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7505.21
7505.21.10

00

Wire:

Of nickel, not alloyed:

Cold-formed..............................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7505.21.50

00

Not cold-formed........................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/

7505.22
7505.22.10

00

Of nickel alloys:

Cold-formed..............................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7505.22.50

00

Not cold-formed........................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/

35%

25%

45%

35%

25%

45%

35%

25%

35%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Nickel plates, sheets, strip and foil:

Of nickel, not alloyed:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

00

Not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness............................

kg..............

2.5%1/

XV
75-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7506
7506.10
7506.10.05

7506.10.10

00

Cold-formed..............................................................

kg..............

3%1/

Other:

7506.10.30

00

Not cold-formed........................................................

kg..............

2.5%1/

7506.20
7506.20.05

00

Of nickel alloys:

Not exceeding 0.15 mm in thickness............................

kg..............

3%1/

7506.20.10

00

Cold-formed..............................................................

kg..............

3%1/

Other:

7506.20.30

00

Not cold-formed........................................................

kg..............

2.5%1/

7507

Nickel tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings (for example,
couplings, elbows, sleeves):

Tubes and pipes:

7507.11.00

00

Of nickel, not alloyed.......................................................

kg..............

7507.12.00

00

Of nickel alloys.................................................................

kg..............

7507.20.00

00

Tube or pipe fittings...............................................................

kg..............

2%1/

2%1/

3%1/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

25%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
75-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7508
7508.10.00

Other articles of nickel:

00

Cloth, grill and netting, of nickel wire...................................

kg..............

3%1/

7508.90
7508.90.10

00

Other:

Stranded wire...................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7508.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 75 - 6
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 76

ALUMINUM AND ARTICLES THEREOF

XV
76-1

Subheading Notes

1.

In this chapter the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

(a) Aluminum, not alloyed

Metal containing by weight at least 99 percent of aluminum, provided that the content by weight of any other element does
not exceed the limit specified in the following table:

TABLE - Other elements

Element

Fe + Si (iron plus silicon)

Other elements (1), each

Limiting content percent by

weight

1

0.1 (2)

(1) Other elements are, for example, Cr, Cu, Mg, Mn, Ni, Zn.

(2) Copper is permitted in a proportion greater than 0.1 percent but not more than
0.2 percent, provided that neither the chromium nor manganese content exceeds
0.05 percent.

(b) Aluminum alloys

Metallic substances in which aluminum predominates by weight over each of the other elements, provided that:

(i)

The content by weight of at least one of the other elements or of iron plus silicon taken together is greater than the limit
specified in the foregoing table; or

(ii) The total content by weight of such other elements exceeds 1 percent.

2. Notwithstanding the provisions of note 9(c) to section XV, for the purposes of subheading 7616.91 the term "wire" applies only
to products, whether or not in coils, of any cross-sectional shape, of which no cross-sectional dimension exceeds 6 mm.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of heading 7608, the rate of duty "Free (C)" appearing in the "Special" subcolumn applies only to tubes and
pipes with attached fittings, suitable for conducting gases or liquids.

Statistical Notes

l.

2.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "aluminum vanadium master alloy" refers to aluminum alloys which contain by weight
20 percent or more of vanadium.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "aluminum can stock" refers to sheets and strip in coils, of alloys of aluminum in which
either manganese or magnesium is the predominant alloying element, not painted, over 0.175 mm but not over 0.432 mm in
thickness, and over 254 mm in width, comprising "body stock and "lid stock" as specified below:

(a) The term "body stock" refers to aluminum can stock having manganese as the predominant alloying element and having a

minimum tensile strength of 262 MPa; and

(b) The term "lid stock" refers to aluminum can stock having magnesium as the predominant alloying element and having a

minimum tensile strength of 345 MPa.

3.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 7601.20.9080, "sheet ingot" (slabs) refers to aluminum alloys with a rectangular
cross-section suitable to be manufactured into other products.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
76-2
Statistical Notes (con.)

4.

5.

6.

7.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 7601.20.9085, "foundry ingot" refers to large castings of aluminum alloys of
various shapes other than sheets or slabs to be melted for further processing.

For statistical reporting purposes under subheading 7602.00.00, the term “recyclable aluminum” refers to materials that are
obsolete, previously used, off-specification, surplus, or incidentally produced and are collected and sorted for processing into a
specification-grade commodity. Recyclable materials may also be considered as scrap but do not include solid waste or residue.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 7604.29.3030, 7604.29.5020 and 7606.12.3015, “high-strength heat-treatable
alloys” refers to aluminum containing by weight 7.0 percent or less of copper or 10.0 percent or less of zinc, and/or are designated
as series 2xxx or 7xxx (except 7072) in the Aluminum Association’s specifications of registered alloys.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 7604.21.0010, 7604.29.1010, 7604.29.3060, 7604.29.5050, 7606.12.3025 and
7606.12.3091, “heat-treatable industrial alloys” refers to aluminum containing by weight 3.0 percent or less of magnesium and
3.0 percent or less of silicon, and/or are designated as series 6xxx in the Aluminum Association’s specifications of registered
alloys.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unwrought aluminum:

Aluminum, not alloyed:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
76-3

Of uniform cross section throughout its length, the least
cross-sectional dimension of which is not greater than
9.5 mm, in coils................................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/2/

Other.................................................................................
Of 99.9 percent aluminum or greater.....................

..................
kg

Free1/2/

Of greater than 99.8 percent but less than 99.9
percent.......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Aluminum alloys:

Of uniform cross section throughout its length, the least
cross-sectional dimension of which is not greater than
9.5 mm, in coils................................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/2/

Other:

7601.20.60

00

Containing 25 percent or more by weight of
silicon.........................................................................

kg..............

2.1%1/2/

18.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11%3/

18.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10.5%3/

Other..........................................................................
Aluminum vanadium master alloy....................

..................
kg

Free1/2/

Other:

Of uniform circular cross section
throughout its length, the foregoing
comprised of billets, not in coils.................

Other, containing 0.03 percent or more by
weight of lead (secondary aluminum).......

kg

kg

Other:

Remelt scrap ingot...............................

kg

Sheet ingot (slab) of a kind described
in statistical note 3 to this chapter......

Foundry ingot of a kind described in
statistical note 4 to this chapter..........

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

Aluminum waste and scrap.........................................................
Recyclable aluminum auto and truck wheels......................

..................
kg

Free4/

Free

Recyclable aluminum from industrial processes, including
turnings, borings, shavings, filings, clippings and chips....

Other recyclable aluminum...................................................

Other........................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7601
7601.10
7601.10.30

00

7601.10.60

7601.20
7601.20.30

40

45

90

00

7601.20.90

7602.00.00

30

45

60

75

80

85

95

45

55

65

75

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
76-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7603
7603.10.00

Aluminum powders and flakes:

00

Powders of non-lamellar structure.......................................

kg..............

5%4/

7603.20.00

00

Powders of lamellar structure; flakes...................................

kg..............

3.9%4/

45%

11%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Aluminum bars, rods and profiles:
Of aluminum, not alloyed:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
76-5

00

Profiles..............................................................................

kg..............

5%1/2/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7604
7604.10
7604.10.10

7604.10.30

00

Having a round cross section..................................

kg..............

2.6%1/2/

Bars and rods:

7604.10.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3%1/2/

7604.21.00

Hollow profiles.................................................................

..................

1.5%1/2/

Of aluminum alloys:

7604.29
7604.29.10

7604.29.30

7604.29.50

10

90

10

90

30

60

90

20

50

90

Heat-treatable industrial alloys of a kind described
in statistical note 7 to this chapter..........................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Other profiles............................................................

..................

5%1/2/

Heat-treatable industrial alloys of a kind
described in statistical note 7 to this
chapter................................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Bars and rods:

Having a round cross section...........................

..................

2.6%1/2/

High-strength heat-treatable alloys of a
kind described in statistical note 6 to this
chapter.........................................................

Heat-treatable industrial alloys of a kind
described in statistical note 7 to this
chapter.........................................................

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

3%1/2/

High-strength heat-treatable alloys of a
kind described in statistical note 6 to this
chapter.........................................................

Heat-treatable industrial alloys of a kind
described in statistical note 7 to this
chapter.........................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11%3/

13.5%3/

15.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

11%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13.5%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
76-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7605

Aluminum wire:

Of aluminum, not alloyed:

7605.11.00

00

Of which the maximum cross-sectional dimension
exceeds 7 mm..................................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/2/

7605.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/2/

Of aluminum alloys:

7605.21.00

00

Of which the maximum cross-sectional dimension
exceeds 7 mm..................................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/2/

7605.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.2%1/2/

7606

Aluminum plates, sheets and strip, of a thickness exceeding
0.2 mm:

7606.11
7606.11.30

Rectangular (including square):
Of aluminum, not alloyed:

Not clad......................................................................

..................

3%1/2/

30

60
00

7606.11.60

With a thickness of more than 6.3 mm............

kg

With a thickness of 6.3 mm or less..................
Clad............................................................................

kg
kg..............

2.7%1/2/

11%3/

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11%3/

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7606 (con.)

7606.12
7606.12.30

15

25

35

45

55

91

96
00

7606.12.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
76-7

Aluminum plates, sheets and strip, of a thickness exceeding
0.2 mm: (con.)

Rectangular (including square): (con.)

Of aluminum alloys:

Not clad......................................................................

..................

3%1/2/

13.5%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

With a thickness of more than 6.3 mm:

High-strength heat-treatable alloys of a
kind described in statistical note 6 to this
chapter.........................................................

Heat-treatable industrial alloys of a kind
described in statistical note 7 to this
chapter.........................................................

Other.............................................................

With a thickness of 6.3 mm or less:

Aluminum can stock:

Body stock............................................

Lid stock................................................

Other:

Heat-treatable industrial alloys of a
kind described in statistical note 7 to
this chapter...........................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other......................................................
Clad............................................................................

kg
kg..............

6.5%1/2/

30%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
76-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7606 (con.)

7606.91
7606.91.30

7606.91.60

7606.92
7606.92.30

7606.92.60

55

95

55

95

25

35

55

95

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Aluminum plates, sheets and strip, of a thickness exceeding
0.2 mm: (con.)
Other:

Of aluminum, not alloyed:

Not clad......................................................................

..................

3%1/2/

With a thickness of more than 6.3 mm............

kg

With a thickness of 6.3 mm or less..................
Clad............................................................................

kg
..................

2.7%1/2/

With a thickness of more than 6.3 mm............

With a thickness of 6.3 mm or less..................

kg

kg

Of aluminum alloys:

Not clad......................................................................

..................

3%1/2/

With a thickness of more than 6.3 mm............

kg

With a thickness of 6.3 mm or less..................
Clad............................................................................

kg
..................

6.5%1/2/

With a thickness of more than 6.3 mm......

With a thickness of 6.3 mm or less...........

kg

kg

13.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

13.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
76-9

Aluminum foil (whether or not printed, or backed with paper,
paperboard, plastics or similar backing materials) of a
thickness (excluding any backing) not exceeding 0.2 mm:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7607

7607.11

Rolled but not further worked:

Not backed:

Of a thickness not exceeding 0.15 mm:

7607.11.30

00

Of a thickness not exceeding 0.01 mm...........

kg..............

5.8%1/2/

7607.11.60

Of a thickness exceeding 0.01 mm.................

..................

5.3%1/2/

10

90

Boxed aluminum foil weighing not more
than 11.3 kg.................................................

Other.............................................................

7607.11.90

Other..........................................................................

kg
m2

kg
m2
..................

3%1/2/

30

60
90

00

7607.19
7607.19.10

Aluminum can stock:

Body stock...................................................

Lid stock.......................................................
Other...................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other:

Etched capacitor foil.................................................

kg..............

5.3%5/

7607.19.30

00

Cut to shape, of a thickness not exceeding
0.15 mm..............................................................

kg..............

5.7%5/

Other:

7607.19.60

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

3%1/2/

7607.20
7607.20.10

00

Backed:

Covered or decorated with a character, design, fancy
effect or pattern...............................................................

kg..............

3.7%1/2/

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

13.5%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

13.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

22.5%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7607.20.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free5/

23%3/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
76-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7608
7608.10.00

7608.20.00

30

90

30

90

Aluminum tubes and pipes:

Of aluminum, not alloyed.......................................................

..................

5.7%1/2/

Seamless..........................................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Of aluminum alloys.................................................................

kg
..................

5.7%1/2/

Seamless..........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

7609.00.00

00

Aluminum tube or pipe fittings (for example, couplings, elbows,
sleeves)..........................................................................................

kg..............

5.7%1/2/

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)6/

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)6/

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7610

7610.10.00

Aluminum structures (excluding prefabricated buildings of
heading 9406) and parts of structures (for example, bridges
and bridge-sections, towers, lattice masts, roofs, roofing
frameworks, doors and windows and their frames and
thresholds for doors, balustrades, pillars and columns);
aluminum plates, rods, profiles, tubes and the like, prepared
for use in structures:

Doors, windows and their frames and thresholds for
doors........................................................................................

..................

5.7%7/1/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7610.90.00

10

20

30

20

40

60

80

Windows and their frames..............................................

Thresholds for doors.......................................................

kg

kg

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg
..................

5.7%4/1/

Sheet-metal roofing, siding, flooring, and roof guttering
and drainage equipment.................................................

Architectural and ornamental work...............................

Other:

Mobile homes............................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
76-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7611.00.00

Aluminum reservoirs, tanks, vats and similar containers, for
any material (other than compressed or liquefied gas), of a
capacity exceeding 300 liters, whether or not lined or heat
insulated, but not fitted with mechanical or thermal
equipment......................................................................................

..................

2.6%4/

30

90

Tanks.......................................................................................

Other........................................................................................

No.

No.

7612

Aluminum casks, drums, cans, boxes and similar containers
(including rigid or collapsible tubular containers), for any
material (other than compressed or liquefied gas), of a capacity
not exceeding 300 liters, whether or not lined or heat insulated,
but not fitted with mechanical or thermal equipment:

7612.10.00

00

Collapsible tubular containers..............................................

No.............

2.4%4/

7612.90
7612.90.10

Other:

Of a capacity not exceeding 20 liters............................

..................

5.7%4/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40

45
60

90
00

7612.90.50

Cans of a capacity not exceeding 355 ml:

With a circular cross section, of a kind used
for aerosols.........................................................

Other...................................................................
Cans of a capacity exceeding 355 ml but less than
3.8 liters.....................................................................

No.

No.

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

7613.00.00

00

Aluminum containers for compressed or liquefied gas............

No.............

Free4/

5%4/

25%3/

25%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
76-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7614

7614.10
7614.10.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including
slings and similar articles, of aluminum, not electrically
insulated:

With steel core:

Not fitted with fittings and not made up into articles.....

kg..............

4.9%8/

7614.10.50

00

Fitted with fittings or made up into articles...................

kg..............

4.9%9/

7614.90

Other:

7614.90.20

Electrical conductors................................................

..................

4.9%10/

Not fitted with fittings and not made up into articles:

30

60

7614.90.40

00

With a cross-sectional area less than 240
mm².....................................................................

kg

With a cross-sectional area greater than or
equal to 240 mm²...............................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

4.9%9/

7614.90.50

00

Fitted with fittings or made up into articles...................

kg..............

5.7%9/

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7615

7615.10

7615.10.11

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
76-13

2

Table, kitchen or other household articles and parts thereof,
of aluminum; pot scourers and scouring or polishing pads,
gloves and the like, of aluminum; sanitary ware and parts
thereof, of aluminum:

Table, kitchen or other household articles and parts thereof;
pot scourers and scouring or polishing pads, gloves and
the like:

Pot scourers and scouring or polishing pads, gloves
and the like.......................................................................

kg..............

3.1%7/

45.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

Cooking and kitchen ware:

Enameled or glazed or containing nonstick
interior finishes:

7615.10.20

Cast..............................................................

..................

3.1%1/

7615.10.30

15

25

15

25

Bakeware (cookware not suitable for
stove top use).......................................

Other......................................................

Other.............................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

3.1%7/1/

Bakeware (cookware not suitable for
stove top use).......................................

Other......................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

45.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
76-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7615 (con.)

7615.10
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Table, kitchen or other household articles and parts thereof,
of aluminum; pot scourers and scouring or polishing pads,
gloves and the like, of aluminum; sanitary ware and parts
thereof, of aluminum: (con.)

Table, kitchen or other household articles and parts thereof;
pot scourers and scouring or polishing pads, gloves and
the like: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Cooking and kitchen ware: (con.)

Not enameled or glazed and not containing
nonstick interior finishes:

7615.10.50

Cast..............................................................

..................

3.1%7/1/

7615.10.71

20

40

25

30

55

80

Bakeware (cookware not suitable for
stove top use).......................................

Other......................................................

Other.............................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

3.1%1/

Containers suitable for food
preparation, baking, reheating or
storage, 0.04 mm or more but not over
0.22 mm in thickness...........................

Other cookware:

Bakeware (cookware not suitable
for stove top use)...........................

Other...............................................

Other......................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg
kg..............

3.1%7/1/

7615.10.91

00

Other..........................................................................

7615.20.00

00

Sanitary ware and parts thereof...........................................

kg..............

3.8%4/1/

45.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45.5%

45.5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
76-15

2

Other articles of aluminum:

Nails, tacks, staples (other than those of heading 8305),
screws, bolts, nuts, screw hooks, rivets, cotters, cotter
pins, washers and similar articles:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7616
7616.10

7616.10.10

00

Nails, tacks and staples..................................................

kg..............

5.7%4/

7616.10.30

00

Rivets................................................................................

kg..............

4.7%4/

7616.10.50

00

Cotters and cotter pins...................................................

kg..............

5.7%4/

Other:

7616.10.70

Having shanks, threads or holes over 6 mm in
diameter.....................................................................

..................

5.5%4/

7616.10.90

30

90

30

90

Threaded fasteners...........................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
..................

6%4/1/

Threaded fasteners...........................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

45%

45%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.75% (JP)

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
76-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7616 (con.)

Other articles of aluminum: (con.)

Other:

7616.91.00

00

Cloth, grill, netting and fencing, of aluminum wire.......

kg..............

2.5%4/

7616.99
7616.99.10

00

Other:

Luggage frames........................................................

kg..............

7616.99.51

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free4/1/

2.5%9/

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20

30

40

50

60

70

75

90

Laminated goods consisting of 2 or more
flat-rolled sheets of aluminum held together
with an adhesive or having a core of
non-metallic material.........................................

kg

Ladders...............................................................

No.

Venetian blinds and parts thereof....................

No.

Hangers and supports for pipes and tubes.....

kg

Other:

Castings.......................................................

Forgings.......................................................

Other:

Articles of wire......................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 76 - 17

1/ See U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
2/ See 9903.91.01.
3/ See 9903.90.09.
4/ See 9903.88.03.
5/ See 9903.88.15 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
6/ See additional U.S. note 1 to this chapter.
7/ See 9903.88.15.
8/ See 9903.88.02.
9/ See 9903.88.03 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
10/ See 9903.88.02 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 78

LEAD AND ARTICLES THEREOF

XV
78-1

Subheading Note

1.

In this chapter the expression "refined lead" means:

Metal containing by weight at least 99.9 percent of lead, provided that the content by weight of any other element does not exceed
the limit specified in the following table:

TABLE - Other elements

Element

Limiting content percent by weight

Ag
As
Bi
Ca
Cd
Cu
Fe
S
Sb
Sn
Zn
Other

Silver
Arsenic
Bismuth
Calcium
Cadmium
Copper
Iron
Sulfur
Antimony
Tin
Zinc
(for example Te), each

0.02
0.005
0.05
0.002
0.002
0.08
0.002
0.002
0.005
0.005
0.002
0.001

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of this chapter, "alloys of lead" are metals in which the lead content is, by weight, less than 99 percent, but not
less than any other metallic element.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
78-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7801
7801.10.00

Unwrought lead:

00

Refined lead............................................................................

kg..............

2.5% on the
value of the
lead content

10%1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

7801.91.00

00

Containing by weight antimony as the principal other
element.............................................................................

kg..............
Pb kg

2.5% on the
value of the
lead content2/

10%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

7801.99
7801.99.30

00

Other:

Lead bullion...............................................................

kg..............
Pb kg

2.5% on the
value of the
lead content2/

7801.99.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.5% on the
value of the
lead content2/

7802.00.00

30

50

30

60

Alloys of lead......................................................

Other...................................................................

Lead waste and scrap..................................................................
Obtained from lead-acid storage batteries.........................

Other........................................................................................

kg
Pb kg

kg
Pb kg

Free

..................
kg
Pb kg

kg
Pb kg

7804

Lead plates, sheets, strip and foil; lead powders and flakes:

Plates, sheets, strip and foil:

7804.11.00

00

Sheets, strip and foil of a thickness (excluding any
backing) not exceeding 0.2 mm.....................................

kg..............

2.2%2/

7804.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3%2/

7804.20.00

00

Powders and flakes...............................................................

kg..............

Free2/

10.5%

10%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
78-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7806
7806.00.03

Other articles of lead:

00

Lead bars, rods, profiles and wire........................................

kg..............

1.2%2/

7806.00.05

00

Lead tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings (for example,
couplings, elbows, sleeves)..................................................

kg..............

2%2/

7806.00.80

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3%2/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 78 - 4
1/ See 9903.90.09.
2/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 79

ZINC AND ARTICLES THEREOF

XV
79-1

Subheading Note

1.

In this chapter the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

(a) Zinc, not alloyed

Metal containing by weight at least 97.5 percent of zinc.

(b) Zinc alloys

Metallic substances in which zinc predominates by weight over each of the other elements, provided that the total content
by weight of such other elements exceeds 2.5 percent.

(c) Zinc dust

Dust obtained by condensation of zinc vapor, consisting of spherical particles which are finer than zinc powders. At least 80
percent by weight of the particles pass through a sieve with 63 micrometers (microns) mesh. It must contain at least 85
percent by weight of metallic zinc.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of heading 7901, "casting-grade zinc" contains by weight at least 97.5 percent of zinc and contains by weight
one or more of the following elements in the quantity indicated:

(a) more than 1.8 percent of lead,

(b) more than 1.8 percent of cadmium,

(c) more than 1.8 percent of iron,

(d) more than 0.5 percent of aluminum,

(e) more than 1 percent of copper,

(f) more than 0.08 percent of titanium,

(g) more than 0.1 percent of any other base metal, taken separately.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
79-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7901

Unwrought zinc:

Zinc, not alloyed:

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

7901.11.00

00

Containing by weight 99.99 percent or more of zinc....

kg..............

1.5%1/

7901.12
7901.12.10

00

Containing by weight less than 99.99 percent of zinc:
Casting-grade zinc...................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7901.12.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

1.5%1/

7901.20.00

00

Zinc alloys...............................................................................

kg..............

3%1/

7902.00.00

00

Zinc waste and scrap...................................................................

kg..............

Free

7903
7903.10.00

Zinc dust, powders and flakes:

00

Zinc dust..................................................................................

kg..............

0.7¢/kg2/

7903.90
7903.90.30

00

Other:

Powders...........................................................................

kg..............

0.5¢/kg2/

7903.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3%2/

7904.00.00

00

Zinc bars, rods, profiles and wire................................................

kg..............

4.2%2/

7905.00.00

00

Zinc plates, sheets, strip and foil.................................................

kg..............

2.8%2/

5%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

5%

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

11%

3.9¢/kg

3.9¢/kg

45%

25%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
79-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

7907.00
7907.00.10

00

Other articles of zinc:

Articles of a type used for household, table or kitchen use;
toilet and sanitary wares; all the foregoing and parts thereof
of zinc......................................................................................

kg..............

3%

7907.00.20

00

Zinc tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings (for example,
couplings, elbows, sleeves)..................................................

kg..............

3%2/

7907.00.60

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3%2/

40%

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 79 - 4
1/ See 9903.91.01.
2/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 80

TIN AND ARTICLES THEREOF

XV
80-1

Subheading Note

1.

In this chapter the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them:

(a) Tin, not alloyed

Metal containing by weight at least 99 percent of tin, provided that the content by weight of any bismuth or copper is less
than the limit specified in the following table:

TABLE - Other elements

Element

Bi Bismuth
Cu Copper

Limiting content percent by
weight
0.1
0.4

(b) Tin alloys

Metallic substances in which tin predominates by weight over each of the other elements, provided that:

(i)

The total content by weight of such other elements exceeds 1 percent; or

(ii) The content by weight of either bismuth or copper is equal to or greater than the limit specified in the foregoing table.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
80-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8001
8001.10.00

8001.20.00

Unwrought tin:

00

Tin, not alloyed.......................................................................

kg..............

10

50

90

Tin alloys.................................................................................
Containing, by weight, 5 percent or less of lead..........

..................
kg

Containing, by weight, more than 5 percent but not
more than 25 percent of lead.........................................

Containing, by weight, more than 25 percent of lead...

kg
Pb kg

kg
Pb kg

Free1/

Free1/

8002.00.00

00

Tin waste and scrap.....................................................................

kg..............

Free

8003.00.00

00

Tin bars, rods, profiles and wire..................................................

kg..............

3%

8007.00
8007.00.10

Other articles of tin:

Articles not elsewhere specified or included of a type used
for household, table or kitchen use; toilet and sanitary
wares; all the foregoing not coated or plated with precious
metal........................................................................................

..................

2.1%2/

10

50
00

8007.00.20

Suitable for food or beverage service...........................

Other.................................................................................

Tin plates, sheets and strip, of a thickness exceeding
0.2 mm.....................................................................................

No.

No.

kg..............

2.4%

8007.00.31

00

Tin foil (whether or not printed or backed with paper,
paperboard, plastics or similar backing materials), of a
thickness (excluding any backing) not exceeding
0.2 mm.....................................................................................

kg..............

3%

8007.00.32

00

Powders and flakes...............................................................

kg..............

2.8%

8007.00.40

00

Tin tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings (for example,
couplings, elbows, sleeves)..................................................

kg..............

2.4%

8007.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

2.8%2/

Free

Free

Free

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

45%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 80 - 3

1/ See 9903.91.01.
2/ See 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 81

OTHER BASE METALS; CERMETS; ARTICLES THEREOF

Additional U.S. Notes

1. Alloys of each of the base metals provided for in chapter 81 are metals in which the content of the respective base metal is, by

weight, less than 99 percent, but not less than any other metallic element.

2.

For the purposes of subheading 8108.90.60, the rate of duty "Free (C)" appearing in the "Special" subcolumn applies only to
tubes and pipes with attached fittings, suitable for conducting gases or liquids.

XV
81-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
81-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8101

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tungsten (wolfram) and articles thereof, including waste and
scrap:

8101.10.00

00

Powders..................................................................................

kg..............
W kg

7%1/

Other:

8101.94.00

00

Unwrought tungsten, including bars and rods obtained
simply by sintering...........................................................

kg..............

6.6%2/

8101.96.00

00

Wire...................................................................................

kg..............

4.4%3/

8101.97.00

00

Waste and scrap.............................................................

kg..............
W kg

2.8%

8101.99
8101.99.10

00

Other:

Bars and rods, other than those obtained simply
by sintering, profiles, plates, sheets, strip and
foil...............................................................................

kg..............

6.5%2/

8101.99.80

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.7%2/

58%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

50%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
81-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8102
8102.10.00

Molybdenum and articles thereof, including waste and scrap:
Powders..................................................................................

00

Other:

8102.94.00

00

Unwrought molybdenum, including bars and rods
obtained simply by sintering...........................................

kg..............
Mo kg

9.1¢/kg on

molybdenum
content + 1.2%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg on

molybdenum
content +
15%

kg..............
Mo kg

13.9¢/kg on

molybdenum
content + 1.9%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.10/kg on

molybdenum
content +
15%

8102.95

Bars and rods, other than those obtained simply by
sintering, profiles, plates, sheets, strip and foil:

8102.95.30

00

Bars and rods............................................................

kg..............

6.6%

8102.95.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

6.6%

8102.96.00

00

Wire...................................................................................

kg..............

4.4%3/

8102.97.00

00

Waste and scrap.............................................................

kg..............
Mo kg

Free

8102.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%

8103
8103.20.00

Tantalum and articles thereof, including waste and scrap:
Unwrought tantalum, including bars and rods obtained
simply by sintering; powders.................................................

..................

2.5%1/

30

90
00

8103.30.00

Powders...........................................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Waste and scrap....................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free

8103.91.00

00

Crucibles..........................................................................

kg..............

4.4%

Other:

8103.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.4%

60%

60%

60%

Free

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
81-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8104

Magnesium and articles thereof, including waste and scrap:

Unwrought magnesium:

8104.11.00

00

Containing at least 99.8 percent by weight of
magnesium.......................................................................

kg..............

8%

8104.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............
Mg kg

6.5%

8104.20.00

00

Waste and scrap....................................................................

kg..............

Free

8104.30.00

00

Raspings, turnings and granules, graded according to size;
powders...................................................................................

kg..............
Mg kg

4.4%3/

100%

60.5%

Free

60.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8104.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............
Mg kg

14.8¢/kg on
magnesium
content +
3.5%3/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

88¢/kg on

magnesium
content +
20%

8105

8105.20

Cobalt mattes and other intermediate products of cobalt
metallurgy; cobalt and articles thereof, including waste and
scrap:

Cobalt mattes and other intermediate products of cobalt
metallurgy; unwrought cobalt; powders:

Unwrought cobalt:

8105.20.30

00

Alloys..........................................................................

kg..............

4.4%3/

8105.20.60
8105.20.90
8105.30.00

00
00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Waste and scrap....................................................................

kg..............
kg..............
kg..............

Free3/
Free3/
Free3/

8105.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%3/

8106
8106.10.00

00

Bismuth and articles thereof, including waste and scrap:

Containing more than 99.99 percent of bismuth, by
weight......................................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

8106.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free
Free
Free

45%

7.5%

7.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
81-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8108
8108.20.00

8108.30.00

8108.90
8108.90.30

8108.90.60

10

15

30

95
00

30

60

20

31

45

60

75

Titanium and articles thereof, including waste and scrap:

Unwrought titanium; powders...............................................

..................

15%3/

Sponge.............................................................................

kg

Other:

Powders.....................................................................

Ingots.........................................................................

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Waste and scrap....................................................................

kg
kg..............

Other:

Articles of titanium...........................................................

..................

Free3/

5.5%3/

Castings.....................................................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

15%3/

Blooms, sheet bars, and slabs................................

Other bars, rods, profiles and wire.........................

Plates, sheets, strips and foil..................................

Tubes and pipes.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

8109

Zirconium and articles thereof, including waste and scrap:

Unwrought zirconium; powders:

8109.21.00

00

Containing less than 1 part hafnium to 500 parts
zirconium by weight.........................................................

kg..............

4.2%

8109.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.2%

Waste and scrap:

8109.31.00

00

Containing less than 1 part hafnium to 500 parts
zirconium by weight.........................................................

kg..............

Free3/

8109.39.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

Other:

8109.91.00

00

Containing less than 1 part hafnium to 500 parts
zirconium by weight.........................................................

kg..............

3.7%3/

8109.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.7%3/

25%4/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free4/

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)5/

25%

25%

Free

Free

45%

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
81-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8110
8110.10.00

Antimony and articles thereof, including waste and scrap:

00

Unwrought antimony; powders.............................................

kg..............

Free

8110.20.00

00

Waste and scrap....................................................................

kg..............

Free

8110.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

Free

8111.00
8111.00.30

Manganese and articles thereof, including waste and scrap:

00

Waste and scrap....................................................................

kg..............

Free

Other:

Unwrought manganese:

8111.00.47

00

Flake containing at least 99.5 percent by weight
manganese................................................................

kg..............

14%

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

4.4¢/kg

Free

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8111.00.49

Other..........................................................................

..................

14%

Free (A+, AU, BH,

20%

10

90
00

8111.00.60

8112

Powder containing at least 99.5 percent by
weight manganese.............................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

3.7%

Beryllium, chromium, hafnium, rhenium, thallium, cadmium,
germanium, vanadium, gallium, indium and niobium
(columbium), and articles of these metals, including waste and
scrap:

Beryllium:

8112.12.00

00

Unwrought; powders.......................................................

kg..............

8.5%3/

8112.13.00

00

Waste and scrap.............................................................

kg..............

8112.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

5.5%3/

8112.21.00

00

Unwrought; powders.......................................................

kg..............

3%1/

Chromium:

8112.22.00

00

Waste and scrap.............................................................

kg..............

Free

8112.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3%3/

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free

45%

30%

Free

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8112 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
81-7

Beryllium, chromium, hafnium, rhenium, thallium, cadmium,
germanium, vanadium, gallium, indium and niobium
(columbium), and articles of these metals, including waste and
scrap: (con.)
Hafnium:

8112.31.00

00

Unwrought; waste and scrap; powders........................

kg..............

8112.39.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Rhenium:

8112.41
8112.41.10

00

Unwrought; waste and scrap; powders:

Waste and scrap.......................................................

kg..............

8112.41.50

00

Unwrought; powders................................................

kg..............

Free3/

4%3/

Free3/

3%3/

8112.49.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4%3/

8112.51.00

00

Unwrought; powders.......................................................

kg..............

4%3/

Thallium:

8112.52.00

00

Waste and scrap.............................................................

kg..............

8112.59.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Cadmium:

8112.61.00

00

Waste and scrap.............................................................

kg..............

8112.69
8112.69.10

00

Other:

Unwrought cadmium; powders...............................

kg..............

8112.69.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

4%3/

Free3/

Free3/

4.4%3/

25%4/

45%

Free4/

25%

45%

25%

Free

25%

33¢/kg

33¢/kg

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
81-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8112 (con.)

8112.92
8112.92.07

00

Beryllium, chromium, hafnium, rhenium, thallium, cadmium,
germanium, vanadium, gallium, indium and niobium
(columbium), and articles of these metals, including waste and
scrap: (con.)
Other:

Unwrought; waste and scrap; powders:

Waste and scrap.......................................................

kg..............

8112.92.10

00

Gallium................................................................

kg..............

Other:

8112.92.30

00

8112.92.40

00

Indium.................................................................

kg..............

Niobium (columbium)........................................

kg..............

Free3/

3%3/

Free1/

4.9%3/

8112.92.60

00

Unwrought...................................................

kg..............

2.6%

Germanium:

8112.92.65

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

4.4%3/

8112.92.70

00

Vanadium............................................................

kg..............
V kg

2%3/

8112.99
8112.99.10

00

Other:

Germanium................................................................

kg..............

4.4%3/

8112.99.20

00

Vanadium..................................................................

kg..............
V kg

2%3/

8112.99.91

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4%3/

8113.00.00

00

Cermets and articles thereof, including waste and scrap........

kg..............

3.7%3/

Free4/

25%4/

25%4/

25%4/

25%

45%

25%

45%

25%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 81 - 9

1/ See 9903.91.01.
2/ See 9903.91.11.
3/ See 9903.88.03.
4/ See 9903.90.09.
5/ See additional U.S. note 2 to this chapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 82

TOOLS, IMPLEMENTS, CUTLERY, SPOONS AND FORKS, OF BASE
METAL; PARTS THEREOF OF BASE METAL

Notes

1. Apart from blow torches and similar self-contained torches, portable forges, grinding wheels with frameworks, manicure or

pedicure sets, and goods of heading 8209, this chapter covers only articles with a blade, working edge, working surface or other
working part of:

XV
82-1

(a) Base metal;

(b) Metal carbides or cermets;

(c) Precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed) on a support of base metal, metal carbide or cermet;

or

(d) Abrasive materials on a support of base metal, provided that the articles have cutting teeth, flutes, grooves or the like, of

base metal, which retain their identity and function after the application of the abrasive.

2. Parts of base metal of the articles of this chapter are to be classified with the articles of which they are parts, except parts

separately specified as such and toolholders for handtools (heading 8466). However, parts of general use as defined in note 2
to section XV are in all cases excluded from this chapter.

Heads, blades and cutting plates for electric shavers and electric hair clippers are to be classified in heading 8510.

3. Sets consisting of one or more knives of heading 8211 and at least an equal number of articles of heading 8215 are to be classified

in heading 8215.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

The provisions in this chapter which specifically refer to kitchen or tableware include articles of types which are used outdoors
as well as those which are used indoors.

In determining the length of files and rasps (heading 8203), the tang (if any) should not be included.

For the purposes of determining the rate of duty applicable to sets provided for in heading 8205, 8206, 8211 or 8215, a specific
rate of duty or a compound rate of duty for any article in the set shall be converted to its ad valorem equivalent rate, i.e., the ad
valorem rate which, when applied to the full value of the article determined in accordance with section 402 of the Tariff Act of
1930, as amended, would provide the same amount of duties as the specific or compound rate.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of statistical reporting of sets in heading 8205, 8206, 8211 or 8215, the number of pieces reported shall be the
total number of separate pieces in the set(s).

For the purposes of subheading 8211.92, the term "sheath-type knives" refers to fixed-blade knives contained in a substantial
holster, i.e.,"sheath" and of a kind used in hunting and fishing.

XV
82-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8201

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Handtools of the following kinds and base metal parts thereof:
spades, shovels, mattocks, picks, hoes, forks and rakes; axes,
bill hooks and similar hewing tools; secateurs and pruners of
any kind; scythes, sickles, hay knives, hedge shears, timber
wedges and other tools of a kind used in agriculture,
horticulture or forestry:

8201.10.00

00

Spades and shovels, and parts thereof...............................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

8201.30.00

8201.40
8201.40.30

8201.40.60

8201.50.00

10

80

00

10

80
00

Mattocks, picks, hoes and rakes, and parts thereof..........
Mattocks and picks, and parts thereof.........................

..................
No.

Other.................................................................................
Axes, bill hooks and similar hewing tools, and parts thereof:
Machetes, and parts thereof..........................................

No.

No.............

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

..................

6.2%1/

Axes and adzes, and parts thereof.........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Secateurs and similar one-handed pruners and shears
(including poultry shears), and parts thereof......................

No.............

1¢ each + 2.8%1/

8201.60.00

00

Hedge shears, two-handed pruning shears and similar
two-handed shears, and parts thereof.................................

No.............

1¢ each + 2.8%1/

8201.90

Other handtools of a kind used in agriculture, horticulture
or forestry, and parts thereof:

8201.90.30

00

Grass shears, and parts thereof....................................

No.............

2¢ each + 5.1%1/

8201.90.40

00

Forks, and parts thereof.................................................

No.............

8201.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

30%

45%

Free

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20¢ each +

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20¢ each +

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20¢ each +

45%

15%

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
82-3

Handsaws, and metal parts thereof; blades for saws of all kinds
(including slitting, slotting or toothless saw blades), and base
metal parts thereof:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8202

8202.10.00

00

Handsaws, and parts (except blades) thereof....................

No.............

8202.20.00

30

60

Bandsaw blades, and parts thereof.....................................
Metal cutting blades........................................................

..................
No.

Other.................................................................................

No.

Circular saw blades (including slitting or slotting saw
blades), and parts thereof:

8202.31.00

00

With working part of steel...............................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

20%

20%

25%

25%

Other, including parts.....................................................
With diamond working parts....................................

..................
No.

Diamond sawblade cores........................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Chain saw blades, and parts thereof:

With cutting parts containing by weight over 0.2
percent of chromium, molybdenum, or tungsten or over
0.1 percent of vanadium.................................................

No.............

7.2%1/

Other.................................................................................
In continuous lengths...............................................

..................
m

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other saw blades, and parts thereof:

Straight saw blades, for working metal:

Hacksaw blades.......................................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................
Other (including parts)....................................................

gross.........
No.............

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%

20%

40¢/gross
20%

8202.39.00

8202.40
8202.40.30

8202.40.60

8202.91
8202.91.30

8202.91.60
8202.99.00

10

40

70

00

30

60

00

00
00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
82-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8203

8203.10
8203.10.30

00

Files, rasps, pliers (including cutting pliers), pincers, tweezers,
metal cutting shears, pipe cutters, bolt cutters, perforating
punches and similar handtools, and base metal parts thereof:

Files, rasps and similar tools:

Not over 11 cm in length.................................................

doz............

8203.10.60

00

Over 11 cm but not over 17 cm in length......................

doz............

8203.10.90
8203.20

00

Over 17 cm in length.......................................................

doz............

Pliers (including cutting pliers), pincers, tweezers and
similar tools, and parts thereof:

8203.20.20

00

Tweezers..........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

4%1/

8203.20.40

00

Slip joint pliers...........................................................

doz............

12%1/

Other:

8203.20.60

Other (except parts).................................................

..................

12¢/doz. + 5.5%1/

30

60
00

8203.20.80

Pliers...................................................................

doz.

Other...................................................................
Parts...........................................................................

doz.
No.............

4.5%1/

8203.30.00

00

Metal cutting shears and similar tools, and parts thereof...

No.............

Free1/

8203.40

8203.40.30

00

Pipe cutters, bolt cutters, perforating punches and similar
tools, and parts thereof:

With cutting part containing by weight over 0.2 percent
of chromium, molybdenum, or tungsten or over 0.1
percent of vanadium.......................................................

No.............

6%1/

8203.40.60

00

Other (including parts)....................................................

No.............

3.3%1/

47.5¢/doz.

62.5¢/doz.

77.5¢/doz.

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

$1.20/doz. +

60%

45%

50%

60%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
82-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8204

8204.11.00

30

60
00

8204.12.00

Hand-operated spanners and wrenches (including torque meter
wrenches but not including tap wrenches); socket wrenches,
with or without handles, drives or extensions; base metal parts
thereof:

Hand-operated spanners and wrenches, and parts thereof:
Nonadjustable, and parts thereof..................................

..................

9%1/

Open-end, box and combination open-end and
box wrenches............................................................

No.

Other (including parts).............................................
Adjustable, and parts thereof.........................................

No.
No.............

9%1/

8204.20.00

00

Socket wrenches, with or without handles, drives and
extensions, and parts thereof...............................................

No.............

9%1/

8205

Handtools (including glass cutters) not elsewhere specified or
included; blow torches and similar self-contained torches;
vises, clamps and the like, other than accessories for and parts
of machine tools or water-jet cutting machines; anvils; portable
forges; hand- or pedal-operated grinding wheels with
frameworks; base metal parts thereof:

8205.10.00

00

Drilling, threading or tapping tools, and parts thereof........

No.............

6.2%1/

8205.20
8205.20.30

00

Hammers and sledge hammers, and parts thereof:

With heads not over 1.5 kg each...................................

No.............

6.2%1/

8205.20.60
8205.30

00

8205.30.30

00

With heads over 1.5 kg each.........................................
Planes, chisels, gouges and similar cutting tools for working
wood, and parts thereof:

With cutting part containing by weight over 0.2 percent
of chromium, molybdenum, or tungsten or over 0.1
percent of vanadium.......................................................

No.............

Free1/

No.............

5.7%1/

8205.30.60

00

Other (including parts)....................................................

No.............

5%1/

8205.40.00

00

Screwdrivers, and parts thereof...........................................

No.............

6.2%1/

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

20%

60%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.1% (JP)

XV
82-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8205 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Handtools (including glass cutters) not elsewhere specified or
included; blow torches and similar self-contained torches;
vises, clamps and the like, other than accessories for and parts
of machine tools or water-jet cutting machines; anvils; portable
forges; hand- or pedal-operated grinding wheels with
frameworks; base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Other handtools (including glass cutters) and parts thereof:

8205.51

Household tools, and parts thereof:

Of iron or steel:

8205.51.15

00

Carving and butcher steels, with or without
handles................................................................

No.............

Free1/

8205.51.30

Other (including parts)......................................

..................

3.7%1/

30

60
00

8205.51.45

Kitchen and table implements2/.................

No.

Other (including parts)................................
Of copper...................................................................

No.
No.............

Free1/

8205.51.60

00

Of aluminum..............................................................

kg..............

2.2¢/kg + 5%1/

8205.51.75

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

3.7%1/

8¢ each + 45%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

19¢/kg + 40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
82-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8205 (con.)

8205.59
8205.59.10

00

Handtools (including glass cutters) not elsewhere specified or
included; blow torches and similar self-contained torches;
vises, clamps and the like, other than accessories for and parts
of machine tools or water-jet cutting machines; anvils; portable
forges; hand- or pedal-operated grinding wheels with
frameworks; base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Other handtools (including glass cutters) and parts thereof:
(con.)

Other:

Pipe tools, and parts thereof...................................

No.............

7.2%1/

8205.59.20

00

Powder-actuated handtools, and parts thereof......

No.............

8205.59.30

10

80

Crowbars, track tools and wedges, and parts
thereof........................................................................
Crowbars............................................................

Other...................................................................

..................
kg
No.

kg
No.

Other:

Of iron or steel

Free1/

Free1/

8205.59.45

00

Caulking guns..............................................

No.............

5.3%1/

8205.59.55

Other.............................................................

..................

5.3%1/

05

10
60
00

8205.59.60

Edged handtools:

Single edge razor blades other
than for shaving.............................

No.

Other...............................................
Other (including parts).........................
Of copper............................................................

No.
No.
No.............

Free1/

8205.59.70

00

Of aluminum.......................................................

kg..............

1.5¢/kg + 3.5%1/

8205.59.80

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

3.7%1/

8205.60.00

00

Blow torches and similar self-contained torches, and parts
thereof.....................................................................................

No.............

2.9%1/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.6% (JP)

27.5%

3¢/kg3/

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

19¢/kg + 40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
82-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8205 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Handtools (including glass cutters) not elsewhere specified or
included; blow torches and similar self-contained torches;
vises, clamps and the like, other than accessories for and parts
of machine tools or water-jet cutting machines; anvils; portable
forges; hand- or pedal-operated grinding wheels with
frameworks; base metal parts thereof: (con.)

8205.70.00

Vises, clamps and the like, and parts thereof.....................

..................

5%1/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30

60
90

8205.90

8205.90.10

00

Vises:

Pipe............................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other (including parts)....................................................
Other, including sets of articles of two or more subheadings
of this heading:

No.
No.

Anvils; portable forges; hand- or pedal-operated
grinding wheels with frameworks; base metal parts
thereof...............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

6%

8205.90.60

00

Sets of articles of two or more of the foregoing
subheadings.....................................................................

pcs4/

8206.00.00

00

Tools of two or more of headings 8202 to 8205, put up in sets
for retail sale..................................................................................

pcs4/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

The rate of duty
applicable to
that article in
the set subject
to the highest
rate of duty5/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

The rate of duty
applicable to
that article in
the set subject
to the highest
rate of duty5/

The rate of

duty
applicable to
that article in
the set
subject to the
highest rate
of duty

The rate of

duty
applicable to
that article in
the set
subject to the
highest rate
of duty

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8207

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
82-9

Interchangeable tools for handtools, whether or not power
operated, or for machine-tools (for example, for pressing,
stamping, punching, tapping, threading, drilling, boring,
broaching, milling, turning or screwdriving), including dies for
drawing or extruding metal, and rock drilling or earth boring
tools; base metal parts thereof:

Rock drilling or earth boring tools, and parts thereof:

8207.13.00

00

With working part of cermets.........................................

No.............

3.6%1/

8207.19
8207.19.30

Other, including parts:

With cutting part containing by weight over 0.2
percent of chromium, molybdenum, or tungsten or
over 0.1 percent of vanadium..................................

..................

5%1/

8207.19.60

8207.20.00

30

60

90

30

65

70
90

30

40

70

Percussion rock drill bits...................................

No.

Other:

Rotary rock drill bits, core bits and
reamers........................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

2.9%6/

Percussion rock drill bits...................................

No.

Other:

Rotary rock drill bits, core bits and
reamers:

With working part of diamonds...........

No.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Dies for drawing or extruding metal, and parts thereof......

No.
No.
..................

3.9%1/

Diamond wire drawing dies............................................

Other dies.........................................................................

Parts..................................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%3/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

XV
82-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8207 (con.)

8207.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Interchangeable tools for handtools, whether or not power
operated, or for machine-tools (for example, for pressing,
stamping, punching, tapping, threading, drilling, boring,
broaching, milling, turning or screwdriving), including dies for
drawing or extruding metal, and rock drilling or earth boring
tools; base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Tools for pressing, stamping or punching, and parts
thereof:

8207.30.30

Suitable for cutting metal, and parts thereof................

..................

5.7%1/

20

50

Tools..........................................................................

Parts...........................................................................

8207.30.60

Not suitable for cutting metal, and parts thereof..........

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

2.9%1/

32

62

92

95

Stamping dies not suitable for cutting metal.........

Metal forming dies, including thread-rolling dies...

Other tools.................................................................

Parts...........................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

8207.40
8207.40.30

00

Tools for tapping or threading, and parts thereof:

With cutting part containing by weight over 0.2 percent
of chromium, molybdenum, or tungsten or over 0.1
percent of vanadium.......................................................

No.............

5.7%1/

8207.40.60

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

4.8%1/

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.85% (JP)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.85% (JP)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8207 (con.)

8207.50

8207.50.20

30

45

55

70

80

30

60

8207.50.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
82-11

2

Interchangeable tools for handtools, whether or not power
operated, or for machine-tools (for example, for pressing,
stamping, punching, tapping, threading, drilling, boring,
broaching, milling, turning or screwdriving), including dies for
drawing or extruding metal, and rock drilling or earth boring
tools; base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Tools for drilling, other than for rock drilling, and parts
thereof:

With cutting part containing by weight over 0.2 percent
of chromium, molybdenum, or tungsten or over 0.1
percent of vanadium.......................................................

..................

5%1/

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Masonry drills............................................................

No.

Twist drills:

Brad point...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

For woodworking...............................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Suitable for cutting metal, and parts thereof.........

..................

8.4%6/

Twist drills...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Not suitable for cutting metal, and parts thereof:

8207.50.60

00

For handtools, and parts thereof......................

No.............

5.2%1/

8207.50.80

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

2.9%6/

8207.60.00

Tools for boring or broaching, and parts thereof................

..................

4.8%1/

30

35

61

Broaches..........................................................................

Reamers, except gun reamers.......................................

Other (including parts thereof).......................................

No.

No.

No.

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

35%

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
82-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8207 (con.)

8207.70
8207.70.30

30

40

60

30

40

60

00

8207.70.60

8207.80
8207.80.30

Interchangeable tools for handtools, whether or not power
operated, or for machine-tools (for example, for pressing,
stamping, punching, tapping, threading, drilling, boring,
broaching, milling, turning or screwdriving), including dies for
drawing or extruding metal, and rock drilling or earth boring
tools; base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Tools for milling, and parts thereof:

With cutting part containing by weight over 0.2 percent
of chromium, molybdenum, or tungsten or over 0.1
percent of vanadium.......................................................

..................

5%1/

End milling cutters....................................................

No.

Router bits for woodworking...................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

2.9%6/

End milling cutters....................................................

No.

Router bits not suitable for cutting metal...............

No.

Other (including parts).............................................

No.

Tools for turning:

With cutting part containing by weight over 0.2 percent
of chromium, molybdenum, or tungsten or over 0.1
percent of vanadium.......................................................

No.............

4.8%1/

8207.80.60

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3.7%6/

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

60%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
82-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8207 (con.)

8207.90
8207.90.15

00

Interchangeable tools for handtools, whether or not power
operated, or for machine-tools (for example, for pressing,
stamping, punching, tapping, threading, drilling, boring,
broaching, milling, turning or screwdriving), including dies for
drawing or extruding metal, and rock drilling or earth boring
tools; base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Other interchangeable tools, and parts thereof:

Files and rasps, including rotary files and rasps, and
parts thereof.....................................................................

doz............

1.6%1/

8207.90.30

Other:

Cutting tools with cutting part containing by weight
over 0.2 percent of chromium, molybdenum, or
tungsten or over 0.1 percent of vanadium.............

..................

5%1/

30

75

80
85

Hobs and other gear cutting tools....................

No.

For woodworking:

Cutterheads with interchangeable tools....

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.

Other:

8207.90.45

00

Suitable for cutting metal, and parts thereof....

No.............

4.8%6/

8207.90.60

00

For handtools, and parts thereof...............

No.............

4.3%1/

Not suitable for cutting metal, and parts
thereof:

8207.90.75

Other.............................................................

..................

3.7%6/

45

85

Cutterheads with interchangeable
tools.......................................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

15%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
82-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8208

8208.10.00

30

60

30

60

90

30

60

8208.20.00

8208.30.00

8208.40

Knives and cutting blades, for machines or for mechanical
appliances, and base metal parts thereof:

For metal working, and parts thereof...................................
Over 30.5 cm in length, for metal shearing machines
or over 15.2 cm in diameter for metal shearing/slitting
machines..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

No.

Other (including parts)....................................................
For wood working, and parts thereof...................................
Over 73.7 cm in length, for veneer-cutting machines..

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Over 15.2 cm in length, for wood-chipper machines...

Other (including parts)....................................................
For kitchen appliances or for machines used by the food
industry, and parts thereof....................................................
For meat-slicing, meat-cutting or meat-chopping
machines..........................................................................

Other (including parts)....................................................

For agricultural, horticultural or forestry machines, and
parts thereof:

No.

No.

..................

Free1/

No.

No.

8208.40.30

00

Lawnmower blades.........................................................

No.............

8208.40.60
8208.90
8208.90.30

00

00

Other (including parts)....................................................

No.............

Other:

For shoe machinery.........................................................

No.............

8208.90.60

00

Other (including parts)....................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

8209.00.00

Plates, sticks, tips and the like for tools, unmounted, of
cermets..........................................................................................

..................

4.6%1/

30

60

Of sintered metal carbides....................................................

Of other cermets....................................................................

kg

kg

8210.00.00

00

Hand-operated mechanical appliances, weighing 10 kg or less,
used in the preparation, conditioning or serving of food or drink,
and base metal parts thereof.......................................................

No.............

3.7%1/

20%

20%

20%

20%

Free

Free

20%3/

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8211

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Knives with cutting blades, serrated or not (including pruning
knives), other than knives of heading 8208, and blades and
other base metal parts thereof:

XV
82-15

2

8211.10.00

00

Sets of assorted articles........................................................

pcs4/

The rate of duty
applicable to
that article in
the set subject
to the highest
rate of duty

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

The rate of
duty appli-
cable to that
article in the
set subject to
the high- est
rate of duty

8211.91
8211.91.10

00

Other:

Table knives having fixed blades:

Knives with silver-plated handles...........................

No.............

Free7/

8¢ each + 45%

Knives with stainless steel handles:

With handles containing nickel or containing
over 10 percent by weight of manganese:

8211.91.20

00

Valued under 25¢ each, not over 25.9 cm
in overall length...........................................

pcs............

8211.91.25

00

Other.............................................................

pcs............

0.4¢ each +
6.4%7/

0.4¢ each +
6.8%7/

8211.91.30

00

Other:

Valued under 25¢ each, not over 25.9 cm
in overall length...........................................

pcs............

0.9¢ each +

10.6%

8211.91.40

00

Other.............................................................

pcs............

0.3¢ each + 3.7%

8211.91.50

Knives with rubber or plastic handles....................

..................

0.7¢ each +
3.7%7/

2¢ each + 45%

2¢ each + 45%

2¢ each + 45%

2¢ each + 45%

8¢ each + 45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8211.91.80

30

60

30

60

Steak knives.......................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

Steak knives.......................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

0.3¢ each +
4.9%7/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8¢ each + 45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
82-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8211 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Knives with cutting blades, serrated or not (including pruning
knives), other than knives of heading 8208, and blades and
other base metal parts thereof: (con.)

8211.92

Other: (con.)

Other knives having fixed blades:

With rubber or plastic handles:

8211.92.20

00

Kitchen and butcher knives..............................

No.............

0.8¢ each +
4.6%7/

8211.92.40

Other...................................................................

..................

1¢ each + 4.6%

50

60

Sheath-type knives.....................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

8211.92.60

00

Hunting knives with wood handles..................

No.............

4.4%7/

8211.92.90

Other...................................................................

..................

0.4¢ each +
6.1%7/

30

45

60

31

35

60

00

8211.93.00

8211.94
8211.94.10

Kitchen and butcher knives.......................

No.

Sheath-type knives.....................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Knives having other than fixed blades..........................

No.
..................

3¢ each + 5.4%1/

Folding two-handled multi-use tools in which one
or more tools are housed in each handle and one
or more of the tools is a folding knife blade...........

Pen knives, pocket knives and other knives which
have folding blades..................................................

No.

No.

Other (including parts).............................................

No.

Blades:

For knives having fixed blades................................

No.............

0.16¢ each +
2.2%1/

8211.94.50

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

1¢ each + 5.4%1/

8¢ each + 45%

8¢ each + 45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8¢ each + 45%

8¢ each + 45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35¢ each +

55%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8¢ each + 45%

11¢ each +

55%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XV
82-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8211 (con.)

8211.95
8211.95.10

00

Knives with cutting blades, serrated or not (including pruning
knives), other than knives of heading 8208, and blades and
other base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Handles of base metal:

For table knives having fixed blades......................

No.............

0.3¢ each +
4.9%1/

0.4¢ each +
6.1%1/

8211.95.50

00

For other knives having fixed blades......................

No.............

8211.95.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

3¢ each + 5.4%1/

8212

Razors and razor blades (including razor blade blanks in
strips), and base metal parts thereof:

8212.10.00

00

Razors.....................................................................................

No.............

Free7/

8212.20.00

05

10
00

8212.90.00

8213.00

Safety razor blades, including razor blade blanks in
strips........................................................................................
Single edge razor blades for shaving............................

..................
No.

Free7/

Other.................................................................................
Other parts..............................................................................

No.
No.............

Free7/

Scissors, tailors' shears and similar shears, and blades and
other base metal parts thereof:

8213.00.30

00

Valued not over $1.75/dozen................................................

No.............

1.7¢ each + 4.3%

8213.00.60

00

Pinking shears, valued over $30/dozen........................

No.............

8¢ each + 8%

Valued over $1.75/dozen:

8213.00.90

00

Other (including parts)....................................................

No.............

3¢ each + 3%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8¢ each + 45%

8¢ each + 45%

35¢ each +

55%

10¢ each +

30%

1¢ each + 30%

27.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

15¢ each +

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20¢ each +

45%

20¢ each +

45%

XV
82-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8214

8214.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other articles of cutlery (for example, hair clippers, butchers'
or kitchen cleavers, chopping or mincing knives, paper knives);
manicure or pedicure sets and instruments (including nail files);
base metal parts thereof:

Paper knives, letter openers, erasing knives, pencil
sharpeners (nonmechanical) and blades and other parts
thereof.....................................................................................

No.............

0.3¢ each + 4.2%

8¢ each + 45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8214.20

8214.20.30

00

Manicure or pedicure sets and instruments (including nail
files), and parts thereof:

Cuticle or cornknives, cuticle pushers, nail files,
nailcleaners, nail nippers and clippers, all the foregoing
used for manicure or pedicure purposes, and parts
thereof...............................................................................

No.............

4%

8214.20.60

00

Manicure and pedicure sets, and combinations thereof:
In leather containers.................................................

No.............

Free7/

8214.20.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.1%

8214.90

Other:

Cleavers and the like not elsewhere specified or
included:

8214.90.30

00

Cleavers with their handles.....................................

No.............

1¢ each + 4.9%7/

8214.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

0.2¢ each + 3.1%

8214.90.90

00

Other (including parts)....................................................

No.............

1.4¢ each + 3.2%

60%

50%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8¢ each + 45%

8¢ each + 45%

20¢ each +

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8215

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Spoons, forks, ladles, skimmers, cake-servers, fish-knives,
butter-knives, sugar tongs and similar kitchen or tableware;
and base metal parts thereof:

8215.10.00

00

Sets of assorted articles containing at least one article
plated with precious metal....................................................

pcs4/

8215.20.00

00

Other sets of assorted articles..............................................

pcs4/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

The rate of duty
applicable to
that article in
the set subject
to the highest
rate of duty8/

The rate of duty
applicable to
that article in
the set subject
to the highest
rate of duty5/

8215.91
8215.91.30

00

Other:

Plated with precious metal:

Forks..........................................................................

No.............

8215.91.60

00

Spoons and ladles....................................................

No.............

Free7/

4.2%7/

8215.91.90

00

Other (including parts).............................................

No.............

2.7%7/

50%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
82-19

2

The rate of

duty
applicable to
that article in
the set
subject to the
highest rate
of duty

The rate of

duty
applicable to
that article in
the set
subject to the
highest rate
of duty

2¢ each + 45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
82-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8215 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Spoons, forks, ladles, skimmers, cake-servers, fish-knives,
butter-knives, sugar tongs and similar kitchen or tableware;
and base metal parts thereof: (con.)

8215.99

Other: (con.)
Other:

Forks:

8215.99.01

00

With stainless steel handles:

With handles containing nickel or
containing over 10 percent by weight of
manganese:

Valued under 25¢ each, not over
25.9 cm in overall length......................

pcs............

0.9¢ each +

15.8%

8215.99.05

00

Other......................................................

pcs............

0.5¢ each +
8.5%1/

8215.99.10

00

Valued under 25¢ each.......................

pcs............

0.5¢ each + 6.3%

Other:

8215.99.15

00

Other......................................................

pcs............

0.4¢ each +
4.8%7/

8215.99.20

00

With rubber or plastic handles..........................

No.............

0.5¢ each + 3.2%

2¢ each + 45%

2¢ each + 45%

2¢ each + 45%

2¢ each + 45%

8¢ each + 45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8215.99.22

00

Without their handles..................................

No.............

Free

8¢ each + 45%

Other:

8215.99.24

00

Other:

Table forks (including table serving
forks) and barbecue forks with wooden
handles..................................................

No.............

0.3¢ each +
4.5%7/

8215.99.26

00

Other......................................................

No.............

0.2¢ each +
3.1%7/

8¢ each + 45%

8¢ each + 45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8215 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Spoons, forks, ladles, skimmers, cake-servers, fish-knives,
butter-knives, sugar tongs and similar kitchen or tableware;
and base metal parts thereof: (con.)

XV
82-21

2

8215.99
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Spoons and ladles:

With stainless steel handles:

8215.99.30

00

Spoons valued under 25¢ each.................

pcs............

14%

8215.99.35

00

Other.............................................................

pcs............

6.8%7/

8215.99.40

With base metal (except stainless steel) or
nonmetal handles...............................................

..................

5%

30

60
00
00

8215.99.45
8215.99.50

Tablespoons and table ladles....................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other (including parts).............................................

No.
No.............
No.............

Free7/
5.3%

40%

40%

40%

65%
40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 82 - 22
1/ See 9903.88.03.
2/ See 9903.88.69.
3/ See 9903.90.08.
4/ See statistical note 1 to this chapter.
5/ See 9903.88.03, 9903.88.21, 9903.88.22, 9903.88.23 and 9903.88.24.
6/ See 9817.82.01 and 9903.88.03.
7/ See 9903.88.15.
8/ See 9903.88.15, 9903.88.25, 9903.88.26, 9903.88.27 and 9903.88.28.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 83

MISCELLANEOUS ARTICLES OF BASE METAL

XV
83-1

Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of this chapter, parts of base metal are to be classified with their parent articles. However, articles of iron or
steel of heading 7312, 7315, 7317, 7318, or 7320, or similar articles of other base metal (chapters 74 to 76 and 78 to 81) are
not to be taken as parts of articles of this chapter.

For the purposes of heading 8302, the word "castors" means those having a diameter (including, where appropriate, tires) not
exceeding 75 mm, or those having a diameter (including, where appropriate, tires) exceeding 75 mm, provided that the width of
the wheel or tire fitted thereto is less than 30 mm.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

The dutiable weight of hooks, eyes and eyelets in subheading 8308.10 includes the weight of cards, cartons and immediate
wrappings and labels.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 8309.90.0020 cans of a kind used for the conveyance of beverages include
those with “stay on tab ends” and “ring pull tab ends."

XV
83-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8301

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Padlocks and locks (key, combination or electrically operated),
of base metal; clasps and frames with clasps, incorporating
locks, of base metal; keys and parts of any of the foregoing
articles, of base metal:

8301.10

Padlocks:

8301.10.20

00

Not over 3.8 cm in width..........................................

doz............

2.3%1/

Not of cylinder or pin tumbler construction:

8301.10.40

00

Over 3.8 cm but not over 6.4 cm in width..............

doz............

3.8%1/

8301.10.50

00

Over 6.4 cm in width................................................

doz............

3.6%

8301.10.60

Not over 3.8 cm in width..........................................

..................

6.1%1/

Of cylinder or pin tumbler construction:

20

80
00

8301.10.80

Lock bodies containing hardened steel
components with attached (or insertable)
flexible cable composed of wire strands and
hardened steel beads........................................

doz.

Other...................................................................
Over 3.8 cm but not over 6.4 cm in width..............

doz.
doz............

4.8%1/

8301.10.90

00

Over 6.4 cm in width................................................

doz............

4.2%

8301.20.00

Locks of a kind used on motor vehicles...............................

..................

5.7%2/

8301.30.00

30

60

60

90

Non-integral steering wheel immobilizer devices........

doz.

Other.................................................................................
Locks of a kind used for furniture.........................................

kg
..................

5.7%1/

Cam locks and other locks suitable for use with chests,
drawers and similar items..............................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

39.5%

29.5%

28.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

27%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

36%

29.5%

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
83-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8301 (con.)

8301.40
8301.40.30

00

Padlocks and locks (key, combination or electrically operated),
of base metal; clasps and frames with clasps, incorporating
locks, of base metal; keys and parts of any of the foregoing
articles, of base metal: (con.)

Other locks:

Luggage locks.................................................................

doz............

3.1%

8301.40.60

Other.................................................................................

..................

5.7%1/

30

60
00

8301.50.00

Door locks, locksets and other locks suitable for
use with interior or exterior doors (except garage,
overhead or sliding doors).......................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Clasps and frames with clasps, incorporating locks..........

kg
kg..............

3.1%1/

8301.60.00

Parts........................................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

8301.70.00

10

60

10

60

Of copper or copper alloys.............................................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................
Keys presented separately...................................................

kg..............
..................

4.5%1/

Of copper or copper alloys.............................................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.85% (JP)

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

XV
83-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8302

8302.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Base metal mountings, fittings and similar articles suitable for
furniture, doors, staircases, windows, blinds, coachwork,
saddlery, trunks, chests, caskets or the like; base metal hat
racks, hat-pegs, brackets and similar fixtures; castors with
mountings of base metal; automatic door closers of base metal;
and base metal parts thereof:
Hinges, and parts thereof:

Of iron or steel, of aluminum or of zinc:

8302.10.30

00

Designed for motor vehicles....................................

kg..............

2%1/3/

8302.10.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.5%2/3/

30

60

90

30

60

90
00

8302.10.90

8302.20.00

Suitable for interior and exterior doors (except
garage, overhead or sliding doors)..................

Suitable for furniture and cabinets...................

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

3.4%2/

Suitable for interior and exterior doors (except
garage, overhead or sliding doors).........................

Suitable for furniture and cabinets..........................

kg

kg

Other..........................................................................
Castors, and parts thereof....................................................

kg
kg..............

5.7%2/3/

8302.30

Other mountings, fittings and similar articles suitable for
motor vehicles; and parts thereof:

8302.30.30

Of iron or steel, of aluminum or of zinc.........................

..................

2%2/3/

10

60
00

8302.30.60

Pneumatic cylinders for lifting, lowering,
dampening or counter-balancing............................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

3.5%2/

25%

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%4/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
83-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8302 (con.)

8302.41
8302.41.30

00

Base metal mountings, fittings and similar articles suitable for
furniture, doors, staircases, windows, blinds, coachwork,
saddlery, trunks, chests, caskets or the like; base metal hat
racks, hat-pegs, brackets and similar fixtures; castors with
mountings of base metal; automatic door closers of base metal;
and base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Other mountings, fittings and similar articles, and parts
thereof:

Suitable for buildings:

Door closers (except automatic door closers), and
parts thereof..............................................................

kg..............

3.9%2/3/

8302.41.60

Of iron or steel, of aluminum or of zinc............

..................

3.9%2/3/

Other:

8302.41.90

15

45
50

80

15

45
50

80

Suitable for interior and exterior doors
(except garage, overhead or sliding doors):
Doorstops, chain door fasteners, door
pulls, kick plates, door knockers and
escutcheons..........................................

Other......................................................

For curtains, draperies and window
shades..........................................................

kg

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

3.5%2/

Suitable for interior and exterior doors
(except garage, overhead or sliding doors):
Doorstops, chain door fasteners, door
pulls, kick plates, door knockers and
escutcheons..........................................

Other......................................................

For curtains, draperies and window
shades..........................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
83-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8302 (con.)

8302.42
8302.42.30

10

15

65
00

8302.42.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Base metal mountings, fittings and similar articles suitable for
furniture, doors, staircases, windows, blinds, coachwork,
saddlery, trunks, chests, caskets or the like; base metal hat
racks, hat-pegs, brackets and similar fixtures; castors with
mountings of base metal; automatic door closers of base metal;
and base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Other mountings, fittings and similar articles, and parts
thereof: (con.)

Other, suitable for furniture:

Of iron or steel, of aluminum or of zinc...................

..................

3.9%1/3/

Pneumatic cylinders for lifting, lowering,
dampening or counterbalancing......................

No.

Drawer slides......................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

3.4%1/

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XV
83-7

Base metal mountings, fittings and similar articles suitable for
furniture, doors, staircases, windows, blinds, coachwork,
saddlery, trunks, chests, caskets or the like; base metal hat
racks, hat-pegs, brackets and similar fixtures; castors with
mountings of base metal; automatic door closers of base metal;
and base metal parts thereof: (con.)

Other mountings, fittings and similar articles, and parts
thereof: (con.)
Other:

Harness and saddlery or riding-bridle hardware,
and parts thereof:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8302 (con.)

8302.49

8302.49.20

00

Coated or plated with precious metal..............

kg..............

7.5%2/

8302.49.40

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Other:

8302.49.60

Of iron or steel, of aluminum or of zinc............

..................

5.7%2/3/

35

45

55

85

40

50
90
00

8302.49.80

8302.50.00

Pneumatic cylinders for lifting, lowering,
dampening or counterbalancing................

No.

Other:

For railway vehicles.............................

kg

For aircraft, vessels and other vehicles
(except motor vehicles) of section
XVII........................................................

kg

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

3.5%2/

For railway vehicles, aircraft, vessels and
other vehicles (except motor vehicles) of
section XVII:

Of copper..............................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg

kg
kg

Hat-racks, hat pegs, brackets and similar fixtures, and
parts thereof............................................................................

kg..............

Free2/3/

8302.60
8302.60.30

00

Automatic door closers, and parts thereof:

Automatic door closers...................................................

kg..............

3.9%2/3/

8302.60.90

00

Parts..................................................................................

kg..............

3.1%2/3/

60%

50%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
83-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8303.00.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Armored or reinforced safes, strong-boxes and doors and safe
deposit lockers for strong-rooms, cash or deed boxes and the
like, and parts thereof, of base metal.........................................

kg..............

3.8%2/

8304.00.00

00

Desk-top filing or card-index cabinets, paper trays, paper rests,
pen trays, office-stamp stands and similar office or desk
equipment and parts thereof, of base metal, other than office
furniture of heading 9403.............................................................

kg..............

3.9%

8305

Fittings for looseleaf binders or files, letter clips, letter corners,
paper clips, indexing tags and similar office articles, and parts
thereof, of base metal; staples in strips (for example, for offices,
upholstery, packaging), of base metal:

8305.10.00

Fittings for looseleaf binders or files....................................

..................

2.9%1/3/

10

50
00

10

50
00

8305.20.00

8305.90
8305.90.30

8305.90.60

Ring binder mechanisms................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Staples in strips......................................................................

kg
kg..............

Free1/

Other, including parts:

Paper clips, and parts thereof........................................
Wholly of wire............................................................

..................
kg

Free

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

5.7%1/

8306

Bells, gongs and the like, nonelectric, of base metal; statuettes
and other ornaments, of base metal; photograph, picture or
similar frames, of base metal; mirrors of base metal; and base
metal parts thereof:

8306.10.00

00

Bells, gongs and the like, and parts thereof........................

kg..............

5.8%

8306.21.00

00

Plated with precious metal, and parts thereof..............

kg..............

4.5%1/

Statuettes and other ornaments, and parts thereof:

8306.29.00
8306.30.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Photograph, picture or similar frames; mirrors; and parts
thereof.....................................................................................

kg..............

Free

kg..............

2.7%2/3/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

4%4/

45%

45%

50%

65%

46%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
83-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8307
8307.10
8307.10.30

Flexible tubing of base metal, with or without fittings:

Of iron or steel:

00

With fittings......................................................................

kg..............

3.8%2/

8307.10.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.8%2/

8307.90
8307.90.30

00

Of other base metal:

With fittings......................................................................

kg..............

3.8%2/

8307.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.8%2/

8308

Clasps, frames with clasps, buckles, buckle-clasps, hooks,
eyes, eyelets and the like, of base metal, of a kind used for
clothing or clothing accessories, footwear, jewelry, wrist
watches, books, awnings, leather goods, travel goods or
saddlery or for other made up articles; tubular or bifurcated
rivets, of base metal; beads and spangles, of base metal:

8308.10.00

00

Hooks, eyes and eyelets.......................................................

kg..............

1.1¢/kg + 2.9%2/

8308.20
8308.20.30

8308.20.60
8308.90
8308.90.30

00

00

00

Tubular or bifurcated rivets:

Of iron or steel and not brightened, not lathed and not
machined..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Other, including parts:

Beads and spangles of base metal...............................

kg..............

8308.90.60

00

Buckles and buckle clasps, and parts thereof.............

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

3.9%2/

8308.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.7%2/

30%

30%

30%

30%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10¢/kg + 25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg

45%

40%

45%

65%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XV
83-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8309

8309.10.00

00

Stoppers, caps and lids (including crown corks, screw caps
and pouring stoppers), capsules for bottles, threaded bungs,
bung covers, seals and other packing accessories, and parts
thereof, of base metal:

Crown corks (including crown seals and caps), and parts
thereof.....................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

8309.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

2.6%2/

20

25

80

85

Of aluminum:

For cans of a kind used for the conveyance of
beverages as described in statistical note 1 to this
chapter.......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Of steel.......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg
No.

kg
No.

kg
No.

kg
No.

8310.00.00

00

Sign plates, name plates, address plates and similar plates,
numbers, letters and other symbols, and parts thereof, of base
metal, excluding those of heading 9405.....................................

8311

8311.10.00

00

Wire, rods, tubes, plates, electrodes and similar products of
base metal or of metal carbides, coated or cored with flux
material, of a kind used for soldering, brazing, welding or
deposition of metal or of metal carbides; wire and rods, of
agglomerated base metal powder, used for metal spraying;
base metal parts thereof:

Coated electrodes of base metal, for electric
arc-welding.............................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

8311.20.00

00

Cored wire of base metal, for electric arc-welding.............

kg..............

Free2/

8311.30

Coated rods and cored wire, of base metal, for soldering,
brazing or welding by flame:

8311.30.30

00

Lead-tin solders...............................................................

kg..............
Pb kg

Free2/

8311.30.60
8311.90.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free2/
Free2/

kg..............

Free2/

45%

35%

35%

2.5¢/kg on

lead content

35%
35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XV
Endnotes--page 83 - 11

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
4/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XVI

MACHINERY AND MECHANICAL APPLIANCES;
ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT; PARTS THEREOF; SOUND
RECORDERS AND REPRODUCERS, TELEVISION IMAGE
AND SOUND RECORDERS AND REPRODUCERS, AND PARTS
AND ACCESSORIES OF SUCH ARTICLES

XVI-1

Notes

1.

This section does not cover:

(a) Transmission, conveyor or elevator belts or belting, of plastics of chapter 39, or of vulcanized rubber (heading 4010), or

other articles of a kind used in machinery or mechanical or electrical appliances or for other technical uses, of vulcanized
rubber other than hard rubber (heading 4016);

(b) Articles of leather or of composition leather (heading 4205) or of furskin (heading 4303), of a kind used in machinery or

mechanical appliances or for other technical uses;

(c) Bobbins, spools, cops, cones, cores, reels or similar supports, of any material (for example, chapter 39, 40, 44 or 48 or

section XV);

(d) Perforated cards for Jacquard or similar machines (for example, chapter 39 or 48 or section XV);

(e) Transmission or conveyor belts or belting of textile material (heading 5910) or other articles of textile material for technical

uses (heading 5911);

(f) Precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed) of headings 7102 to 7104, or articles wholly of such

stones of heading 7116, except unmounted worked sapphires and diamonds for styli (heading 8522);

(g) Parts of general use, as defined in note 2 to section XV, of base metal (section XV), or similar goods of plastics (chapter

39);

(h) Drill pipe (heading 7304);

(ij) Endless belts of metal wire or strip (section XV);

(k) Articles of chapter 82 or 83;

(l) Articles of section XVII;

(m) Articles of chapter 90;

(n) Clocks, watches or other articles of chapter 91;

(o)

Interchangeable tools of heading 8207 or brushes of a kind used as parts of machines (heading 9603); similar interchangeable
tools are to be classified according to the constituent material of their working part (for example, in chapter 40, 42, 43, 45
or 59 or heading 6804 or 6909);

(p) Articles of chapter 95; or

(q) Typewriter or similar ribbons, whether or not on spools or in cartridges (classified according to their constituent material, or
in heading 9612 if inked or otherwise prepared for giving impressions), or monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles, of
heading 9620.

2. Subject to note 1 to this section, note 1 to chapter 84 and to note 1 to chapter 85, parts of machines (not being parts of the

articles of heading 8484, 8544, 8545, 8546 or 8547) are to be classified according to the following rules:

(a) Parts which are goods included in any of the headings of chapter 84 or 85 (other than headings 8409, 8431, 8448, 8466,

8473, 8487, 8503, 8522, 8529, 8538 and 8548) are in all cases to be classified in their respective headings;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI-2

Notes (con.)

(b) Other parts, if suitable for use solely or principally with a particular kind of machine, or with a number of machines of the

same heading (including a machine of heading 8479 or 8543) are to be classified with the machines of that kind or in heading
8409, 8431, 8448, 8466, 8473, 8503, 8522, 8529 or 8538 as appropriate. However, parts which are equally suitable for use
principally with the goods of headings 8517 and 8525 to 8528 are to be classified in heading 8517, and parts which are
suitable for use solely or principally with the goods of heading 8524 are to be classified in heading 8529;

(c) All other parts are to be classified in heading 8409, 8431, 8448, 8466, 8473, 8503, 8522, 8529 or 8538 as appropriate or,

failing that, in heading 8487 or 8548.

3. Unless the context otherwise requires, composite machines consisting of two or more machines fitted together to form a whole
and other machines designed for the purpose of performing two or more complementary or alternative functions are to be classified
as if consisting only of that component or as being that machine which performs the principal function.

4. Where a machine (including a combination of machines) consists of individual components (whether separate or interconnected

by piping, by transmission devices, by electric cables or by other devices) intended to contribute together to a clearly defined
function covered by one of the headings in chapter 84 or chapter 85, then the whole falls to be classified in the heading appropriate
to that function.

5.

For the purposes of these notes, the expression "machine" means any machine, machinery, plant, equipment, apparatus or
appliance cited in the headings of chapter 84 or 85.

6.

(A) Throughout the tariff schedule, “electrical and electronic waste and scrap” means electrical and electronic assemblies, printed

circuit boards, and electrical or electronic articles that:

(a) have been rendered unusable for their original purposes by breakage, cutting-up or other processes or are economically

unsuitable for repair, refurbishment or renovation to render them fit for their original purposes; and

(b) are packaged or shipped in a manner not intended to protect individual articles from damage during transportation,

loading and unloading operations.

(B) Mixed consignments of “electrical and electronic waste and scrap” and other waste and scrap are to be classified in heading

8549.

(C) This section does not cover municipal waste, as defined in note 4 to chapter 38.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of this section, the term "printed circuit assembly"means goods consisting of one or more printed circuits of
heading 8534 with one or more active elements assembled thereon, with or without passive elements. For the purposes of this
note,"active elements" means diodes, transistors and similar semiconductor devices, whether or not photosensitive, of heading
8541, and integrated circuits of heading 8542.

Statistical Note

1. Provisions for semiconductor manufacturing and testing machines and apparatus cover products for the growth and processing
of semiconductor materials, such as silicon and gallium arsenide, the processing of such materials into semiconductor devices
and the testing of such devices (in general the testing equipment, as well as some of the processing equipment, is classified in
chapter 90). More specifically the goods include the following:

(a) Wafer manufacturing equipment:

(i) Crystal growers & pullers - used to produce extremely pure monocrystalline semiconductor boules from which wafers

can be sliced. Most common methods employed in these crystal growers and pullers are the Czochralski and float zone
methods.

(ii) Wafer preparation equipment:

(A) Crystal grinders - used to grind the crystal boule to precise diameter required for wafers and to grind the flats on

the boule to indicate the conductivity type and resistivity of the crystal.

(B) Wafer slicing saws - used to slice wafers from a boule of monocrystalline semiconductor material.

(C) Wafer grinders, lappers and polishers - used to prepare the semiconductor wafer for the fabrication process. This

involves bringing the wafer within dimensional tolerances. Especially critical is the flatness of its surface.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI-3

Statistical Note (con.)

(b) Mask fabrication and repair equipment:

(i)

Fabrication equipment - used to transfer design patterns to a mask or reticle, this equipment generally utilizes optical,
electron beam or X-rays to write circuit patterns on photoresist coated substrates. After development, these substrates
become the mask or reticle for wafer fabrication.

(ii) Repair equipment - this equipment generally utilizes focused ion beams or laser beams. They are used directly on the

mask or reticle to remove chrome.

(c) Wafer fabrication equipment:

(i)

Film formation equipment - used to apply or produce various films on the surface of the wafer during the fabrication
process. These films serve as conductors, insulators and semiconductors on the finished device. They may include
oxides and nitrides of the substrate surface, metals, and epitaxial layers. The processes and equipments listed below
are not necessarily limited to the generation of a particular type of film.

(A) Oxidation furnaces - used to form a "film" of oxide on the wafer. The oxide is formed by the chemical reaction of the

top molecular layers of the wafer with the applied oxygen or steam under heat.

(B) Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) equipment - used to deposit various types of films which are obtained by combining
the appropriate gases in a reactant chamber at elevated temperatures.This constitutes a thermochemical vapor-phase
reaction. Operations may take place at atmospheric or low pressure (LPCVD) and may use plasma enhancement
(PECVD).

(C) Physical Vapor Deposition (PVD) equipment - used to deposit various types of films which are obtained by vaporizing

a solid.

(1) Evaporation equipment - in which the film is generated by heating the source material.

(2) Sputtering equipment - in which the film is generated by bombarding the source material (target) with ions.

(D) Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment - used to grow epitaxial layers on a heated monocrystalline substrate in

an ultrahigh vacuum using beams of molecules. The process is similar to PVD.

(ii) Doping equipment - which is used to introduce dopants into the wafer surface in order to modify the conductivity or other

characteristics of a semiconductor layer:

(A) Thermal diffusion equipment - in which the dopants are introduced into the surface of the wafer by the application

of gases under high temperatures.

(B)

Ion Implantation - in which the dopants are "driven" into the crystal lattice structure of the surface of the wafer in the
form of a beam of accelerated ions.

(C) Annealing furnaces - which are used to repair the crystal lattice structures of the wafer damaged by ion implantation.

(iii) Etching and stripping equipment - used for etching or cleaning surfaces of the wafers.

(A) Wet etching equipment - in which chemical etching materials are applied by spraying or immersion. Spray etchers

provide more uniform results than bath etchers, since they perform the operation on one wafer at a time.

(B) Dry plasma etching - in which etching materials are presented as gases within a plasma energy field, providing an

anisotropic etch profile.

(C)

Ion beam milling equipment - in which ionized gas atoms are accelerated toward the wafer surface. The impact
results in the top layer being physically removed from the surface.

(D) Strippers or ashers - using techniques similar to etching, this apparatus removes the spent photoresist from the

surface of the wafer after it has served its purpose as a "stencil". This equipment is also used for removal of nitrides,
oxides, and polysilicon, with an isotropic etch profile.

(iv) Lithography equipment - used to transfer the circuit designs to the photoresist coated surface of the semiconductor

wafer.

(A) Equipment for coating wafers with photoresist - these include the photoresist spinners which are used to apply liquid

photoresist evenly over the surface of the wafer.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI-4

Statistical Note (con.)

(B) Equipment for exposing the photoresist coated wafer with the circuit design (or a part thereof):

(1) Using a mask or reticle and exposing the photoresist to light (generally ultraviolet) or, in some instances, X-rays:

(a) Contact printers - where the mask or reticle is in contact with the wafer during exposure.

(b) Proximity aligners - similar to contact aligners except actual contact does not take place between the mask

or reticle and the wafer.

(c) Scanning aligners - which use projection techniques to expose a continuously moving slit across the mask

and wafer.

(d) Step and repeat aligners - which use projection techniques to expose the wafer a portion at a time. Exposure
can be by reduction from the mask to the wafer or 1:1. Enhancements include the use of an excimer laser.

(2) Direct write on wafer equipment - these apparatus operate with no mask or reticle.They use a computer controlled
"writing beam" (such as an electron beam (E-beam), ion beam or laser) to "draw" the circuit design directly on
the photoresist coated wafer.

(C) Equipment for developing exposed wafers - these include chemical baths similar to those used in photographic

laboratory applications.

(d) Assembly equipment:

(i) Dicing equipment - these include sawing machines and scribing machines (including laser scribers) and dicing accessories

such as wafer breaking equipment.

(ii) Die bonding equipment - which installs the die to the package by soldering or gluing

(iii) Wire bonding equipment - used for attaching thin wires or tapes (usually of gold, aluminum or copper) from the die

bonding pads to the corresponding pads on the package.

(iv) Packaging equipment - which are used to encapsulate or package a semiconductor device.They include sealing furnaces,

lid welders, plastic encapsulation presses, lead trim and form equipment, package deflashers, and tin dip and solder
plate equipment.

(e) Testing and inspection equipment:

(i) Optical inspection equipment - These include equipment that "examines" portions of the wafer surface and compares

them either to a standard pattern or to other portions of the wafer surface.

(ii) Electrical testing equipment - These include computer controlled systems that test the functions and electrical specifications

of semiconductor devices through the application and detection of electrical signals or patterns. Testing is performed
on both unencapsulated dice and packaged integrated circuits.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 84

NUCLEAR REACTORS, BOILERS, MACHINERY AND
MECHANICAL APPLIANCES; PARTS THEREOF

XVI
84-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Millstones, grindstones or other articles of chapter 68;

(b) Machinery or appliances (for example, pumps) of ceramic material and ceramic parts of machinery or appliances of any

material (chapter 69);

(c) Laboratory glassware (heading 7017); machinery, appliances or other articles for technical uses or parts thereof, of glass

(heading 7019 or 7020);

(d) Articles of heading 7321 or 7322 or similar articles of other base metals (chapters 74 to 76 or 78 to 81);

(e) Vacuum cleaners of heading 8508;

(f) Electromechanical domestic appliances of heading 8509; digital cameras of heading 8525;

(g) Radiators for the articles of section XVII; or

(h) Hand-operated mechanical floor sweepers, not motorized (heading 9603).

2. Subject to the operation of note 3 to section XVI and subject to note 11 to this chapter, a machine or appliance which answers
to a description in one or more of the headings 8401 to 8424, or heading 8486 and at the same time to a description in one or
more of the headings 8425 to 8480 is to be classified under the appropriate heading of the former group or under heading 8486,
as the case may be, and not the latter group.

(A) Heading 8419 does not, however, cover:

(i) Germination plant, incubators or brooders (heading 8436);

(ii) Grain dampening machines (heading 8437);

(iii) Diffusing apparatus for sugar juice extraction (heading 8438);

(iv) Machinery for the heat-treatment of textile yarns, fabrics or made up textile articles (heading 8451); or

(v) Machinery, plant or laboratory equipment, designed for a mechanical operation, in which a change of temperature, even

if necessary, is subsidiary.

(B) Heading 8422 does not cover:

(i) Sewing machines for closing bags or similar containers (heading 8452); or

(ii) Office machinery of heading 8472.

(C) Heading 8424 does not cover:

(i)

Ink-jet printing machines (heading 8443); or

(ii) Water-jet cutting machines (heading 8456).

3. A machine tool for working any material which answers to a description in heading 8456 and at the same time to a description

in heading 8457, 8458, 8459, 8460, 8461, 8464 or 8465 is to be classified in heading 8456.

4. Heading 8457 applies only to machine tools for working metal, other than lathes (including turning centers), which can carry out

different types of machining operations either:

(a) by automatic tool change from a magazine or the like in conformity with a machining program (machining centers),

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-2
Notes (con.)

(b) by the automatic use, simultaneously or sequentially, of different unit heads working on a fixed position workpiece (unit

construction machines, single station), or

(c) by the automatic transfer of the workpiece to different unit heads (multi-station transfer machines).

5.

For the purposes of heading 8462, a “slitting line” for flat products is a processing line composed of an uncoiler, a coil flattener,
a slitter and a recoiler. A “cut-to-length line” for flat products is a processing line composed of an uncoiler, a coil flattener, and a
shear.

6.

(A) For the purposes of heading 8471, the expression "automatic data processing machines" means machines capable of :

(i) Storing the processing program or programs and at least the data immediately necessary for the execution of the program;

(ii) Being freely programmed in accordance with the requirements of the user;

(iii) Performing arithmetical computations specified by the user; and

(iv) Executing, without human intervention, a processing program which requires them to modify their execution, by logical

decision during the processing run.

(B) Automatic data processing machines may be in the form of systems consisting of a variable number of separate units.

(C) Subject to paragraphs (D) and (E) below, a unit is to be regarded as being part of an automatic data processing system if it

meets all of the following conditions :

(i)

It is of a kind solely or principally used in an automatic data processing system;

(ii)

It is connectable to the central processing unit either directly or through one or more other units; and

(iii)

It is able to accept or deliver data in a form (codes or signals) which can be used by the system.

Separately presented units of an automatic data processing machine are to be classified in heading 8471.

However, keyboards, X-Y co-ordinate input devices and disk storage units which satisfy the conditions of paragraphs (C) (ii)
and (C) (iii) above, are in all cases to be classified as units of heading 8471.

(D) Heading 8471 does not cover the following when presented separately, even if they meet all of the conditions set forth in

note 6 (C) above :

(i) Printers, copying machines, facsimile machines, whether or not combined;

(ii) Apparatus for the transmission or reception of voice, images or other data, including apparatus for communication in a

wired or wireless network (such as a local or wide area network);

(iii) Loudspeakers and microphones;

(iv) Television cameras, digital cameras and video camera recorders;

(v) Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception apparatus.

(E) Machines incorporating or working in conjunction with an automatic data processing machine and performing a specific

function other than data processing are to be classified in the headings appropriate to their respective functions or, failing
that, in residual headings.

7. Heading 8482 applies, inter alia, to polished steel balls, the maximum and minimum diameters of which do not differ from the

nominal diameter by more than 1 percent or by more than 0.05 mm, whichever is less. Other steel balls are to be classified under
heading 7326.

8. A machine which is used for more than one purpose is, for the purposes of classification, to be treated as if its principal purpose

were its sole purpose.

Subject to note 2 to this chapter and note 3 to section XVI, a machine the principal purpose of which is not described in any
heading or for which no one purpose is the principal purpose is, unless the context otherwise requires, to be classified in heading
8479. Heading 8479 also covers machines for making rope or cable (for example, stranding, twisting or cabling machines) from
metal wire, textile yarn or any other material or from a combination of such materials.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-3

Notes (con.)

9.

For the purposes of heading 8470, the term "pocket-size" applies only to machines the dimensions of which do not exceed 170
mm x 100 mm x 45 mm.

10. For the purposes of heading 8485, the expression “additive manufacturing” (also referred to as 3D printing) means the formation

of physical objects, based on a digital model, by the successive addition and layering, and consolidation and solidification, of
material (for example, metal, plastics or ceramics).

Subject to note 1 to section XVI and note 1 to chapter 84, machines answering to the description in heading 8485 are to be
classified in that heading and in no other heading of the tariff schedule.

11. (A) Notes 12(a) and 12(b) to chapter 85 also apply with respect to the expressions "semiconductor devices" and "electronic
integrated circuits", respectively, as used in this Note and in heading 8486. However, for the purposes of this Note and of
heading 8486, the expression "semiconductor devices" also covers photosensitive semiconductor devices and light emitting
diodes (LED).

(B) For the purposes of this note and of heading 8486, the expression "manufacture of flat panel displays" covers the fabrication
of substrates into a flat panel. It does not cover the manufacture of glass or the assembly of printed circuit boards or other
electronic components onto the flat panel. The expression "flat panel display" does not cover cathode-ray tube technology.

(C) Heading 8486 also includes machines and apparatus solely or principally of a kind used for :

(i)

the manufacture or repair of masks and reticles;

(ii) assembling semiconductor devices or electronic integrated circuits;

(iii)

lifting, handling, loading or unloading of boules, wafers, semiconductor devices, electronic integrated circuits and flat
panel displays.

(D) Subject to Note 1 to Section XVI and Note 1 to Chapter 84, machines and apparatus answering to the description in heading

8486 are to be classified in that heading and in no other heading of the tariff schedule.

Subheading Notes

1.

2.

3.

For the purposes of subheading 8465.20, the term “machining centers” applies only to machine tools for working wood, cork,
bone, hard rubber, hard plastics or similar hard materials, which can carry out different types of machining operations by automatic
tool change from a magazine or the like in conformity with a machining program.

For the purposes of subheading 8471.49, the term "systems" means automatic data processing machines whose units satisfy
the conditions laid down in note 6(C) to chapter 84 and which comprise at least a central processing unit, one input unit (for
example, a keyboard or a scanner), and one output unit (for example, a visual display unit or a printer).

For the purposes of subheading 8481.20, the expression “valves for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions” means valves
which are used specifically in the transmission of “fluid power” in a hydraulic or pneumatic system, where the energy source is
supplied in the form of pressurized fluids (liquid or gas). These valves may be of any type (for example, pressure-reducing type,
check type). Subheading 8481.20 takes precedence over all other subheadings of heading 8481.

4. Subheading 8482.40 applies only to bearings with cylindrical rollers of a uniform diameter not exceeding 5 mm and having a

length which is at least three times the diameter. The ends of the rollers may be rounded.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of subheadings 8479.89.65 and 8479.89.95, the rate of duty "Free (C)" appearing in the column entitled
"1-Special" applies only to the following articles: nonelectric starter motors; propeller regulators, nonelectric; servo-mechanisms,
nonelectric; windshield wipers, nonelectric; hydropneumatic accumulators; pneumatic starters for turbojets, turbopropellers, or
other gas turbines; toilet units specially designed for aircraft; mechanical actuators for thrust reversers.

2. Subheading 8443.99.20 covers the following parts of printer units of subheading 8443.32.10:

(a) Control or command assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: printed circuit assembly, hard or flexible

(floppy) disk drive, keyboard, user interface;

(b) Light source assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: light emitting diode assembly, gas laser, mirror polygon

assembly, base casting;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-4
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(c) Laser imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: photoreceptor belt or cylinder, toner receptacle

unit, toner developing unit, charge/discharge units, cleaning unit;

(d)

(e)

Image fixing assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: fuser, pressure roller, heating element, release oil
dispenser, cleaning unit, electrical control;

Ink jet marking assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: thermal print head, ink dispensing unit, nozzle and
reservoir unit, ink heater;

(f) Maintenance/sealing assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: vacuum unit, ink jet covering unit, sealing

unit, purging unit;

(g) Paper handling assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: paper transport belt, roller, print bar, carriage,

gripper roller, paper storage unit, exit tray;

(h) Thermal transfer imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: thermal print head, cleaning unit, supply

or take-up roller;

(ij)

Ionographic imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: ion generation and emitting unit, air assist
unit, printed circuit assembly, charge receptor belt or cylinder, toner receptacle unit, toner distribution unit, developer receptacle
and distribution unit, developing unit, charge/discharge unit, cleaning unit; or

(k) Combinations of the above specified assemblies.

3. Subheading 8443.99.30 covers the following parts of facsimile machines:

(a) Control or command assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: printed circuit assembly, modem, hard or

flexible (floppy) disk drive, keyboard, user interface;

(b) Optics module assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: optics lamp, charge couples device and appropriate

optics, lenses, mirrors;

(c) Laser imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: photoreceptor belt or cylinder, toner receptacle

unit, toner developing unit, charge/discharge units, cleaning unit;

(d)

Ink jet marking assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: thermal print head, ink dispensing unit, nozzle and
reservoir unit, ink heater;

(e) Thermal transfer imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: thermal print head, cleaning unit, supply

or take-up roller;

(f)

Ionographic imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: ion generation and emitting unit, air assist
unit, printed circuit assembly, charge receptor belt or cylinder, toner receptacle unit, toner distribution unit, developer receptacle
and distribution unit, developing unit, charge/discharge unit, cleaning unit;

(g)

Image fixing assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: fuser, pressure roller, heating elements, release oil
dispenser, cleaning unit, electrical control;

(h) Paper handling assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: paper transport belt, roller, print bar, carriage,

gripper roller, paper storage unit, exit tray; and

(ij) Combinations of the above specified assemblies.

4. Subheading 8443.99.40 covers the following parts of photocopying apparatus of subheading 8443.39.20:

(a)

Imaging assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: photoreceptor belt or cylinder, toner receptacle unit, toner
distribution unit, developer receptacle unit, developer distribution unit, charge/discharge unit, cleaning unit;

(b) Optics assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: lens, mirror, illumination source, document exposure glass;

(c) User control assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: printed circuit assembly, power supply, user input

keyboard, wiring harness, display unit (cathode ray type or flat panel);

(d)

Image fixing assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: fuser, pressure rollers, heating elements, release oil
dispenser, cleaning unit, electrical controls;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-5

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(e) Paper handling assemblies, incorporating more than one of the following: paper transport belt, roller, print bar, carriage,

gripper roller, paper storage unit, exit tray; or

(f) Combinations of the above specified assemblies.

Statistical Notes

1.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 8411.81.8010 and 8411.82.8010, the term “industrial turbines” means only gas
turbines used in stationary applications, including those for the purposes of stationary power generation.

2. Wind turbine blades shall be counted individually and not as blade sets.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 8413.91.9065, the term "sucker rods" includes pony rods and polished rods, all
designed for use in oil well and oil field related pumps.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 8427.10.8020, 8427.10.8040, 8427.10.8070, 8427.20.8020 and 8427.90.0020,
the term "aerial work platforms" means works trucks that incorporate a platform, attached to a lift mechanism mounted on a
mobile base, for lifting personnel, tools and materials.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 8472.90.9040, the term “note counters and note scanners” means document
handling machines that count currency bills, bank notes, coupons, script or other value-based paper documents and to stack
them in an organized fashion. Note counters and note scanners can both incorporate a sensor for detecting suspect (i.e.,
counterfeit) documents. Note scanners have additional sensors that enable the machines to distinguish documents by denomination.

For the purposes of heading 8482, balls of copper or copper alloy refers to copper balls where the maximum and minimum
diameters of the sphere do not differ from the nominal diameter by more than 0.5 percent. Other copper balls are the classified
under heading 7419.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 8483.40.5020, the term "gear boxes and speed changers for wind turbines"
refers to all configurations of gear boxes and speed changers designed for wind turbines, including fixed ratio, multiple ratio, and
variable ratio speed changers.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8401

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Nuclear reactors; fuel elements (cartridges), non-irradiated,
for nuclear reactors; machinery and apparatus for isotopic
separation; parts thereof:

8401.10.00

00

Nuclear reactors.....................................................................

t .................

3.3%1/

8401.20.00

00

Machinery and apparatus for isotopic separation, and parts
thereof.....................................................................................

t .................

2.6%1/

8401.30.00

00

Fuel elements (cartridges), non-irradiated, and parts
thereof.....................................................................................

kg..............

3.3%1/

8401.40.00

00

Parts of nuclear reactors.......................................................

t .................

3.3%1/

8402

Steam or other vapor generating boilers (other than central
heating hot water boilers capable also of producing low
pressure steam); super-heated water boilers; parts thereof:

Steam or other vapor generating boilers:

8402.11.00

00

Watertube boilers with a steam production exceeding
45 t per hour.....................................................................

t .................

5.2%1/

8402.12.00

00

Watertube boilers with a steam production not
exceeding 45 t per hour..................................................

t .................

4.3%1/

8402.19.00

00

Other vapor generating boilers, including hybrid
boilers...............................................................................

t .................

5.2%1/

8402.20.00

00

Super-heated water boilers...................................................

t .................

3.3%1/

8402.90.00

Parts........................................................................................

..................

4.3%1/

10

90

Heat exchangers.............................................................

t

Other.................................................................................

kg

8403

Central heating boilers (other than those of heading 8402) and
parts thereof:

8403.10.00

00

Boilers......................................................................................

No.............

8403.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8404

8404.10.00

Auxiliary plant for use with boilers of heading 8402 or 8403
(for example, economizers, super-heaters, soot removers, gas
recoverers); condensers for steam or other vapor power units;
parts thereof:

Auxiliary plant for use with boilers of heading 8402 or
8403.........................................................................................

..................

3.5%3/

10

50
00

8404.20.00

Economizers....................................................................

t

Other.................................................................................
Condensers for steam or other vapor power units.............

t
t .................

5%1/

8404.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

kg..............

3.5%1/

8405

8405.10.00

00

Producer gas or water gas generators, with or without their
purifiers; acetylene gas generators and similar water process
gas generators, with or without their purifiers; parts thereof:

Producer gas or water gas generators, with or without their
purifiers; acetylene gas generators and similar water
process gas generators, with or without their purifiers......

No.............

Free1/

8405.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8406
8406.10
8406.10.10

Steam turbines and other vapor turbines, and parts thereof:

Turbines for marine propulsion:

00

Steam turbines................................................................

No.............

6.7%1/

8406.10.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

8406.81
8406.81.10

8406.81.90
8406.82
8406.82.10

8406.82.90

20

70
00

10

20

50

70
00

Other turbines:

Of an output exceeding 40 MW:

Steam turbines..........................................................

..................

6.7%3/

Stationary steam turbines, condensing type...

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

Of an output not exceeding 40 MW:

Steam turbines..........................................................

..................

Free1/

6.7%4/

Stationary steam turbines, condensing type:
Not exceeding 7,460 kW............................

No.

Exceeding 7,460 kW..................................

No.

Other:

Not exceeding 7,460 kW............................

No.

Exceeding 7,460 kW..................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

Free1/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.35% (JP)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%

20%

27.5%

20%

27.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8406 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Steam turbines and other vapor turbines, and parts thereof:
(con.)

8406.90

Parts:

Of steam turbines:

8406.90.20

00

Rotors, finished for final assembly..........................

No.............

5%3/

8406.90.30

00

Rotors, not further advanced than cleaned or
machined for removal of fins, gates, sprues, and
risers, or to permit location in finishing
machinery..................................................................

No.............

5%3/

8406.90.40

00

Blades, rotating or stationary..................................

No.............

5%3/

8406.90.45

Other..........................................................................

..................

5%3/

40

80

Rotors or spindles and rotor or spindle
assemblies..........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

kg

Other:

8406.90.50

00

8406.90.60

00

Rotors, finished for final assembly..........................

No.............

Free3/

Rotors, not further advanced than cleaned or
machined for removal of fins, gates, sprues, and
risers, or to permit location in finishing
machinery..................................................................

No.............

Free3/

8406.90.70

00

Blades, rotating or stationary..................................

No.............

8406.90.75

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

Free3/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%

27.5%

27.5%

27.5%5/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8407

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Spark-ignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston
engines:

8407.10.00

Aircraft engines......................................................................

..................

Free1/

35%

20

40
60
90

40

80

10

20

30

40

40

80

8407.21.00

8407.29.00

8407.31.00

8407.32

8407.32.10

00

8407.32.20

8407.32.90

40

80

40

80

For use in civil aircraft:

New:

Less than 373 kW..............................................

No.

373 kW or over...................................................
Used or rebuilt...........................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.
No.

Marine propulsion engines:

Outboard motors.............................................................
Less than 22.38 kW.................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Inboard engines with outboard drive......................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Inboard engines with inboard drive:

Less than 746 W................................................

No.

746 W or greater, but not exceeding
18.65 kW.............................................................

No.

Exceeding 18.65 kW.........................................

No.

Reciprocating piston engines of a kind used for the
propulsion of vehicles of chapter 87:

Of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 50 cc..................
Less than 746 W.......................................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 50 cc but not
exceeding 250 cc:

To be installed in tractors suitable for agricultural
use..............................................................................

No.............

Free3/

To be installed in vehicles of subheading 8701.21,
8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29, or heading
8702, 8703 or 8704..................................................
Used or rebuilt....................................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Not exceeding 18.65 kW...................................

No.
..................
No.

Free3/

Exceeding 18.65 kW.........................................

No.

35%

35%

35%

Free

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-11

2

Spark-ignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston
engines: (con.)

Reciprocating piston engines of a kind used for the
propulsion of vehicles of chapter 87: (con.)

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 250 cc but not
exceeding 1,000 cc:

To be installed in tractors suitable for agricultural
use..............................................................................
Not exceeding 37.3 kW.....................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Exceeding 37.3 kW:

Air-cooled.....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
To be installed in vehicles of subheading 8701.21,
8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29, or heading
8702, 8703 or 8704:

No.

To be installed in vehicles specially designed
for traveling on snow, golf carts,
non-amphibious all-terrain vehicles and burden
carriers................................................................
Used or rebuilt.............................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
..................

2.5%3/

Used or rebuilt.............................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Not exceeding 18.65 kW...................................

No.
..................
No.

Free3/

Exceeding 18.65 kW.........................................

No.

Free

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8407 (con.)

8407.33

8407.33.10

30

60

90

40

80

40

80

40

80

8407.33.30

8407.33.60

8407.33.90

XVI
84-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8407 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Spark-ignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston
engines: (con.)

Reciprocating piston engines of a kind used for the
propulsion of vehicles of chapter 87: (con.)

8407.34

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,000 cc:

8407.34.05

30

60

90

Of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 2,000 cc:
To be installed in tractors suitable for
agricultural use...................................................
Not exceeding 37.3 kW..............................

..................
No.

Free4/

Exceeding 37.3 kW:

Air-cooled..............................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

To be installed in vehicles of subheading
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or
8701.29, or heading 8702, 8703 or 8704:

8407.34.14

00

Used or rebuilt.............................................

No.............

2.5%3/

8407.34.18

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

2.5%3/

8407.34.25

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free3/

8407.34.35

30

60

90

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 2,000 cc:
To be installed in tractors suitable for
agricultural use...................................................
Not exceeding 37.3 kW..............................

..................
No.

Free4/

Exceeding 37.3 kW:

Air-cooled..............................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

To be installed in vehicles of subheading
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or
8701.29, or heading 8702, 8703 or 8704:

8407.34.44

00

Used or rebuilt.............................................

No.............

2.5%3/

8407.34.48

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

2.5%3/

8407.34.55

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free3/

Free

35%

35%

35%

Free

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Spark-ignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston
engines: (con.)

Other engines:

To be installed in agricultural or horticultural machinery
or equipment....................................................................

..................

Free4/

Not exceeding 37.3 kW:

Less than 4,476 W.............................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Air-cooled............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Gas (natural or liquid propane (LP)) engines6/......

No.
..................

Free4/

No.

Other:

Less than 746 W................................................

No.

746 W or greater but less than 4,476 W.........

No.

4,476 W or greater but not exceeding
18.65 kW.............................................................

No.

Exceeding 18.65 kW.........................................

No.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8407 (con.)

8407.90
8407.90.10

8407.90.90

10

20

60

80

10

20

40

60

80

XVI
84-13

2

Free

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8408

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines
(diesel or semi-diesel engines):

8408.10.00

Marine propulsion engines....................................................

..................

2.5%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

05

15

20

30

40

50

40

80
00

8408.20

8408.20.10

8408.20.20

Not exceeding 111.9 kW................................................

Exceeding 111.9 kW but not exceeding 149.2 kW......

Exceeding 149.2 kW but not exceeding 223.8 kW......

Exceeding 223.8 kW but not exceeding 373 kW.........

Exceeding 373 kW but not exceeding 746 kW............

Exceeding 746 kW..........................................................

Engines of a kind used for the propulsion of vehicles of
chapter 87:

To be installed in tractors suitable for agricultural
use.....................................................................................
Not exceeding 37.3 kW............................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

..................
No.

Free4/

Free5/

Exceeding 37.3 kW..................................................

No.

To be installed in vehicles of subheading 8701.21,
8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29, or heading
8702, 8703 or 8704.........................................................

No.............

2.5%3/

8408.20.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2.5%3/

8408.90
8408.90.10

8408.90.90

40

80

10

20

30

40

50

Other engines:

To be installed in agricultural or horticultural machinery
or equipment....................................................................
Not exceeding 37.3 kW............................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Exceeding 37.3 kW..................................................
Other.................................................................................
Not exceeding 149.2 kW.........................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Exceeding 149.2 kW but not exceeding 373 kW...

No.

Exceeding 373 kW but not exceeding 746 kW......

No.

Exceeding 746 kW but not exceeding 1,119 kW...

No.

Exceeding 1,119 kW................................................

No.

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free5/

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8409

8409.10.00

8409.91

8409.91.10

40

80

40

60

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-15

2

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the engines of
heading 8407 or 8408:

For aircraft engines................................................................
For use in civil aircraft7/...................................................

Other.................................................................................

Other:

Suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition
internal combustion piston engines (including rotary
engines):

Cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning,
and machined only for the removal of fins, gates,
sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing
machinery..................................................................
For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29, or heading
8702, 8703 or 8704...........................................

For marine propulsion engines.........................

Other...................................................................

Other:

To be installed in vehicles of subheading
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or
8701.29, or heading 8702, 8703 or 8704:

..................

Free1/

35%

kg

kg

..................

Free3/

10%

kg

kg

kg

8409.91.30

00

Aluminum cylinder heads...........................

No.............
kg

2.5%3/

8409.91.50

Other.............................................................

..................

2.5%3/

8409.91.92

8409.91.99

10

81

85

10

90

10

90

Connecting rods...................................

No.
kg

Steel forgings........................................

kg

Other......................................................

For marine propulsion engines.........................

kg
No.
..................

2.5%3/

Connecting rods..........................................

No.
kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

2.5%3/

Connecting rods..........................................

No.
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8409 (con.)

8409.99
8409.99.10

40

60

80

10

90

10

90

10

90

8409.99.91

8409.99.92

8409.99.99

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the engines of
heading 8407 or 8408: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning,
and machined only for the removal of fins, gates,
sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing
machinery..................................................................
For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29, or heading
8702, 8703 or 8704...........................................

For marine propulsion engines.........................

Other...................................................................

Other:

To be installed in vehicles of subheading
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or
8701.29, or heading 8702, 8703 or 8704.......

..................

Free3/

10%

kg

kg

kg

..................

2.5%3/

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Connecting rods..........................................

Other.............................................................

For marine propulsion engines.........................

Connecting rods..........................................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Connecting rods..........................................

No.
kg

kg
No.
..................

No.
kg

kg
..................
No.
kg

Other.............................................................

kg

2.5%3/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free3/

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8410

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Hydraulic turbines, water wheels and regulators therefor; parts
thereof:

Hydraulic turbines and water wheels:

XVI
84-17

2

8410.11.00

00

Of a power not exceeding 1,000 kW.............................

No.............

3.8%1/

8410.12.00

00

Of a power exceeding 1,000 kW but not exceeding
10,000 kW........................................................................

No.............

3.8%1/

8410.13.00

00

Of a power exceeding 10,000 kW.................................

No.............

3.8%1/

8410.90.00

00

Parts, including regulators....................................................

kg..............

3.8%1/

8411

Turbojets, turbopropellers and other gas turbines, and parts
thereof:

8411.11
8411.11.40

8411.11.80
8411.12
8411.12.40

00

00

00

Turbojets:

Of a thrust not exceeding 25 kN:

Aircraft turbines........................................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Of a thrust exceeding 25 kN:

Aircraft turbines........................................................

No.............

8411.12.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

8411.21
8411.21.40

8411.21.80
8411.22
8411.22.40

00

00

00

Turbopropellers:

Of a power not exceeding 1,100 kW:

Aircraft turbines........................................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Of a power exceeding 1,100 kW:

Aircraft turbines........................................................

No.............

8411.22.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

27.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%

27.5%

27.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8411 (con.)

8411.81
8411.81.40

00

Turbojets, turbopropellers and other gas turbines, and parts
thereof: (con.)

Other gas turbines:

Of a power not exceeding 5,000 kW:

Aircraft turbines........................................................

No.............

8411.81.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

8411.82
8411.82.40

8411.82.80

10

90

00

10

90

Industrial turbines of a kind described in
statistical note 1 of this chapter........................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Of a power exceeding 5,000 kW:

Aircraft turbines........................................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

..................

Industrial turbines of a kind described in
statistical note 1 to this chapter........................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Free1/

2.5%1/

Free1/

2.5%1/

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-19

2

Turbojets, turbopropellers and other gas turbines, and parts
thereof: (con.)
Parts:

Of turbojets or turbopropellers:

Cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning,
and machined only for the removal of fins, gates,
sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing
machinery..................................................................
Parts of nonaircraft turbines.............................

..................
No.

Free1/

Parts of aircraft turbines:

For use in civil aircraft7/...............................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Parts of nonaircraft turbines.............................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Parts of aircraft turbines:

Steel forgings...............................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

Cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning,
and machined only for the removal of fins, gates,
sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing
machinery..................................................................
Parts of nonaircraft gas turbines......................

..................
No.

Free1/

Parts of aircraft gas turbines:

For use in civil aircraft7/...............................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

2.4%1/

Parts of nonaircraft gas turbines:

Rotors or spindles and rotor or spindle
assemblies...................................................

No.

Other:

Steel forgings........................................

No.

Other......................................................
Parts of aircraft gas turbines............................

No.
No.

10%

35%

10%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8411 (con.)

8411.91
8411.91.10

8411.91.90

8411.99
8411.99.10

8411.99.90

40

60

90

40

81

85

10

40

80

30

81

85
90

XVI
84-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8412
8412.10.00

8412.21.00

8412.29
8412.29.40

8412.29.80

8412.31.00

8412.39.00

8412.80
8412.80.10

8412.80.90
8412.90
8412.90.10

8412.90.90

10

90

15

30

45

60

75

00

15

30

45

60
75

40

80

40

80

00

00

00

05

15

25

35
50

70

75

85

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other engines and motors, and parts thereof:

Reaction engines other than turbojets.................................
Missile and rocket engines.............................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

No.

Hydraulic power engines and motors:

Linear acting (cylinders).................................................
Tie-rod type...............................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Weld fused type........................................................

No.

Other:

Telescoping........................................................

No.

Rodless...............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Hydrojet engines for marine propulsion.................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

Unlimited rotary acting:

Gear type.....................................................

No.

Radial piston type.......................................

No.

Axial piston type..........................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.

Pneumatic power engines and motors:

Linear acting (cylinders).................................................
Tie-rod type...............................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Unlimited rotary acting.............................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other engines and motors:

Spring-operated and weight-operated motors.............

No.............

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Parts:

Of hydrojet engines for marine propulsion...................

kg..............

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free3/

Of hydraulic power engines and motors:

Of linear acting engines and motors................

Other...................................................................

Of pneumatic power engines and motors:

Of linear acting engines and motors................

Other...................................................................
Of reaction engines other than turbojets................

Other:

Wind turbine blades, imported in accordance
with statistical note 2 of this chapter................

Wind turbine hubs..............................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

35%

27.5%5/

30%

27.5%5/

27.5%5/

27.5%5/

35%

27.5%

30%

27.5%5/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-21

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8413

8413.11.00

00

8413.19.00
8413.20.00

00
00

8413.30

8413.30.10

00

Pumps for liquids, whether or not fitted with a measuring
device; liquid elevators; part thereof:

Pumps fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring
device:

Pumps for dispensing fuel or lubricants, of the type
used in filling-stations or in garages..............................

Other.................................................................................
Hand pumps, other than those of subheading 8413.11 or
8413.19...................................................................................

Fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal
combustion piston engines:

Fuel-injection pumps for compression-ignition
engines.............................................................................

No.............

Free3/

No.............

Free1/

No.............

Free3/

No.............

2.5%3/

8413.30.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.5%3/

8413.40.00

8413.50.00

8413.60.00

30

60

90
00

10

50

70

80
90

20

30

40

50

70

90

Fuel pumps................................................................

No.

Lubricating pumps....................................................

No.

Other6/........................................................................
Concrete pumps.....................................................................

No.
No.............

Other reciprocating positive displacement pumps.............
Oil well and oil field pumps.............................................

..................
No.

Diaphragm pumps...........................................................

No.

Free1/

Free1/

Other:

Hydraulic fluid power pumps

Radial piston type..............................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other rotary positive displacement pumps.........................

No.
No.
..................

Free1/

Hydraulic fluid power pumps:

Vane type...................................................................

No.

Gear type...................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Oil well and oil field pumps......................................

No.

Roller pumps.............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

XVI
84-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8413 (con.)

8413.70
8413.70.10

00

8413.70.20

04

05

15

22

25

30

40

90

20

30

40
00

8413.81.00

8413.82.00

8413.91
8413.91.10

00

8413.91.20

00

8413.91.90

10

55

60

65

85
96
00

8413.92.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Pumps for liquids, whether or not fitted with a measuring
device; liquid elevators; part thereof: (con.)

Other centrifugal pumps:

Stock pumps imported for use with machines for
making cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard...............

No.............

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Submersible pumps.................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other:

Single-stage, single-suction, close-coupled:
With discharge outlet under 5.08 cm in
diameter.......................................................

With discharge outlet 5.08 cm or over in
diameter.......................................................
Single-stage, single-suction, frame- mounted:
With discharge outlet under 7.6 cm in
diameter.......................................................

With discharge outlet 7.6 cm or over in
diameter.......................................................
Single-stage, double-suction............................

No.

No.

No.

No.
No.

Multi-stage, single- or double-suction.............

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other pumps; liquid elevators:

Pumps...............................................................................
Turbine pumps..........................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Household water systems, self-contained; and
windmill pumps.........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Liquid elevators...............................................................

No.
No.............

Free1/

Parts:

Of pumps:

Of fuel-injection pumps for compression-ignition
engines......................................................................

kg..............

2.5%1/

Of stock pumps imported for use with machines
for making cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard...

kg..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Of subheading 8413.30.90...............................

..................
kg

Free1/

Of hydraulic fluid power pumps:

Fluid end blocks..........................................

No.

Other.............................................................

kg

Of subheading 8413.50.00:

Sucker rods of a kind described in
statistical note 3 to this chapter.................

kg

Other6/...........................................................
Other6/.................................................................
Of liquid elevators...........................................................

kg
kg
kg..............

Free3/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8414

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-23

2

Air or vacuum pumps, air or other gas compressors and fans;
ventilating or recycling hoods incorporating a fan, whether or
not fitted with filters; gas-tight biological safety cabinets,
whether or not fitted with filters; parts thereof:

8414.10.00

00

Vacuum pumps......................................................................

No.............

2.5%3/

8414.20.00

00

Hand- or foot-operated air pumps........................................

No.............

3.7%3/

8414.30

Compressors of a kind used in refrigerating equipment
(including air conditioning):

8414.30.40

00

Not exceeding 1/4 horsepower......................................

No.............

8414.30.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

10

20

30

50

60

70

80
90
00

8414.40.00

Screw type:

Not exceeding 200 horsepower.......................

No.

Exceeding 200 horsepower..............................

No.

Other:

For all refrigerants except ammonia

For motor vehicles6/.....................................

No.

Other:

Exceeding 1/4 horsepower but not
exceeding 1 horsepower.....................

Exceeding 1 horsepower but not
exceeding 3 horsepower6/...................

Exceeding 3 horsepower but not
exceeding 10 horsepower...................

Exceeding 10 horsepower...................
For ammonia......................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.
No.

Air compressors mounted on a wheeled chassis for
towing......................................................................................

No.............

2.7%3/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8414 (con.)

8414.51

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Air or vacuum pumps, air or other gas compressors and fans;
ventilating or recycling hoods incorporating a fan, whether or
not fitted with filters; gas-tight biological safety cabinets,
whether or not fitted with filters; parts thereof: (con.)

Fans:

Table, floor, wall, window, ceiling or roof fans, with a
self-contained electric motor of an output not exceeding
125 W:

8414.51.30

00

Ceiling fans for permanent installation...................

No.............

4.7%

8414.51.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.7%

60

90

00

8414.59
8414.59.10

8414.59.15

00

For permanent installation................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Blowers for pipe organs...........................................

No.............

Free3/

Fans of a kind used solely or principally for cooling
microprocessors, telecommunications apparatus,
automatic data processing machines or units of
automatic data processing machines.....................

No.............

Free3/

8414.59.30

00

Turbochargers and superchargers..................

No.............

2.3%1/

Other

8414.59.65

Other...................................................................

..................

2.3%8/

40

60

90

95
00

8414.60.00

Suitable for use with motor vehicles6/.......

No.

Other:

Centrifugal6/...........................................

No.

Axial.......................................................

No.

Other......................................................
Hoods having a maximum horizontal side not exceeding
120 cm.....................................................................................

No.

No.............

Free3/

8414.70.00

00

Gas-tight biological safety cabinets.....................................

No.............

Free1/

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8414 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-25

2

Air or vacuum pumps, air or other gas compressors and fans;
ventilating or recycling hoods incorporating a fan, whether or
not fitted with filters; gas-tight biological safety cabinets,
whether or not fitted with filters; parts thereof: (con.)

8414.80

Other, except parts:
Air compressors:

8414.80.05

00

Turbochargers and superchargers.........................

No.............

8414.80.16

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free3/

35%

35%

05

15

25

35

40

45

55

60

65

70

75
80

85

90

05

15

55

65

75
00

8414.80.20

8414.80.90

Stationary:

Reciprocating:

Not exceeding 746 W..........................

No.

Exceeding 746 W but not exceeding
4.48 kW.................................................

Exceeding 4.48 kW but not exceeding
8.21 kW.................................................

Exceeding 8.21 kW but not exceeding
11.19 kW...............................................

Exceeding 11.19 kW but not
exceeding 19.4 kW..............................

Exceeding 19.4 kW but not exceeding
74.6 kW.................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

Exceeding 74.6 kW..............................

No.

Rotary:

Not exceeding 11.19 kW.....................

No.

Exceeding 11.19 kW but under
22.38 kW...............................................

22.38 kW and over but not exceeding
74.6 kW.................................................

Exceeding 74.6 kW..............................
Other.............................................................

No.

No.

No.
No.

Portable:

Under 0.57 cubic meters per minute........

No.

Other.............................................................
Other compressors.........................................................
Refrigerant recovery units.......................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

35%

Other:

Centrifugal and axial..........................................

No.

Other, including reciprocating and rotary:

Not exceeding 186.5 kW............................

No.

Exceeding 186.5 kW but not exceeding
746 kW.........................................................

No.

Exceeding 746 kW......................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

3.7%3/

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8414 (con.)

8414.90
8414.90.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Air or vacuum pumps, air or other gas compressors and fans;
ventilating or recycling hoods incorporating a fan, whether or
not fitted with filters; gas-tight biological safety cabinets,
whether or not fitted with filters; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Of fans (including blowers) and ventilating or recycling
hoods................................................................................

..................

4.7%3/

40

80

Of fans of subheading 8414.51..............................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Of compressors:

8414.90.30

00

Stators and rotors of goods of subheading
8414.30......................................................................

No.............

Free1/

8414.90.41

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

20

40

45

55

65

80

90

40

80

8414.90.91

Of refrigerating and air conditioning
compressors:

Compressor housings.................................

No.

Other.............................................................

kg

Other:

Of compressors of subheading 8414.40:
Compressor housings..........................

No.

Other......................................................

kg

Other:

Compressor housings..........................

No.

Impeller covers and hubs....................

No.

Other......................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of vacuum pumps....................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8415

8415.10

8415.10.30

40

60

80

8415.10.60

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-27

2

Air conditioning machines, comprising a motor-driven fan and
elements for changing the temperature and humidity, including
those machines in which the humidity cannot be separately
regulated; parts thereof:

Of a kind designed to be fixed to a window, wall, ceiling
or floor, self-contained or “split system”:

Self-contained..................................................................
Less than 2.93 kW per hour....................................

..................
No.

Free3/

35%

2.93 kW per hour or greater but less than 4.98 kW
per hour......................................................................

No.

4.98 kW per hour or greater....................................

No.

Other:

Incorporating a refrigerating unit and a valve for
reversal of the cooling/heat cycle (reversible heat
pumps).......................................................................

No.............

1%3/

8415.10.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

2.2%3/

8415.20.00

00

Of a kind used for persons, in motor vehicles.....................

No.............

1.4%3/

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8415 (con.)

8415.81.01

8415.82.01

8415.83.00

10

20
30

05

10

15

20

30

35

40

55

60
70

50

60
70
90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Air conditioning machines, comprising a motor-driven fan and
elements for changing the temperature and humidity, including
those machines in which the humidity cannot be separately
regulated; parts thereof: (con.)

Other, except parts:

Incorporating a refrigerating unit and a valve for
reversal of the cooling/heat cycle (reversible heat
pumps)..............................................................................

..................

1%3/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Self-contained:

Not exceeding 17.58 kW per hour...................

No.

Exceeding 17.58 kW per hour..........................
Other..........................................................................
Other, incorporating a refrigerating unit........................

No.
No.
..................

2.2%3/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Self-contained machines and remote condenser
type air conditioners other than year-round units:
Not exceeding 17.58 kW per hour...................

No.

Exceeding 17.58 kW per hour..........................

No.

Year-round units (heating and cooling):

Not exceeding 17.58 kW per hour...................

No.

Exceeding 17.58 kW per hour..........................

No.

Room or central station air conditioning units for
use with water chillers:

Room fan coil units............................................

No.

Central station air handlers...............................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Dehumidifiers:

With a rated water removal capacity of less
than 35 liters over a 24 hour period.................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other air conditioning machines incorporating a
refrigerating unit........................................................
Not incorporating a refrigerating unit............................

No.
..................

1.4%3/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heat exchangers including condensing units:

Condensing units:

Not exceeding 17.58 kW per hour............

No.

Exceeding 17.58 kW per hour...................
Other...................................................................
Other air conditioning machines not incorporating
a refrigerating unit.....................................................

No.
No.

No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8415 (con.)

8415.90
8415.90.40

00

Air conditioning machines, comprising a motor-driven fan and
elements for changing the temperature and humidity, including
those machines in which the humidity cannot be separately
regulated; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Chassis, chassis bases and outer cabinets.................

No.............

1.4%2/

8415.90.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

1.4%9/

10

20

45

50

70
85

Air conditioning evaporator coils:

Of copper or copper alloys...............................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Of automotive air conditioners.........................

kg

Of heat pumps:

Of copper or copper alloys.........................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg

kg
kg

8416

Furnace burners for liquid fuel, for pulverized solid fuel or for
gas; mechanical stokers, including their mechanical grates,
mechanical ash dischargers and similar appliances; parts
thereof:

8416.10.00

00

Furnace burners for liquid fuel..............................................

No.............

8416.20.00

8416.30.00

40

80
00

Other furnace burners, including combination burners......
Gas burners.....................................................................

..................
No.

Other.................................................................................

No.

Mechanical stokers, including their mechanical grates,
mechanical ash dischargers and similar appliances.........

No.............

Free3/

8416.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free2/

Free2/

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

See 9921.01.01,
9921.01.02 (JP)

27.5%

27.5%

27.5%

27.5%

XVI
84-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8417

8417.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Industrial or laboratory furnaces and ovens, including
incinerators, nonelectric, and parts thereof:

Furnaces and ovens for the roasting, melting or other heat
treatment of ores, pyrites or of metals.................................

No.............

2.9%1/

45%

45%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8417.20.00

00

Bakery ovens, including biscuit ovens.................................

No.............

3.5%2/

8417.80.00

00

Other, except parts................................................................

No.............

3.9%1/

8417.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

kg..............

3.9%1/

8418

8418.10.00

Refrigerators, freezers and other refrigerating or freezing
equipment, electric or other; heat pumps, other than the air
conditioning machines of heading 8415; parts thereof:

Combined refrigerator-freezers, fitted with separate
external doors or drawers, or combinations thereof...........

..................

Free3/

35%

10

20

30

45

55
65
80

85
90

Compression type:

Having a refrigerated volume of under 184 liters...

No.

Having a refrigerated volume of 184 liters and over
but under 269 liters...................................................

Having a refrigerated volume of 269 liters and over
but under 382 liters...................................................

Having a refrigerated volume of 382 liters and over:
French door refrigerators with a bottom freezer
compartment:

Of a width exceeding 87 centimeters but
not exceeding 95 centimeters:

Having an external depth (excluding
door handles) not exceeding
73 centimeters......................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

Refrigerators with a top freezer
compartment......................................................

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.
No.

No.

No.
No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8418 (con.)

8418.21.00

10

20

30

90

Refrigerators, freezers and other refrigerating or freezing
equipment, electric or other; heat pumps, other than the air
conditioning machines of heading 8415; parts thereof: (con.)

Refrigerators, household type:

Compression type...........................................................
Having a refrigerated volume of under 184 liters...

..................
No.

Free3/

Having a refrigerated volume of 184 liters and over
but under 269 liters...................................................

Having a refrigerated volume of 269 liters and over
but under 382 liters...................................................

Having a refrigerated volume of 382 liters and
over............................................................................

No.

No.

No.

8418.29
8418.29.10

00

Other:

Absorption type, electrical.......................................

No.............

1%3/

8418.29.20

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

1.9%3/

8418.30.00

00

Freezers of the chest type, not exceeding 800 liters
capacity...................................................................................

8418.40.00

00

Freezers of the upright type, not exceeding 900 liters
capacity...................................................................................

No.............

Free3/

No.............

Free3/

8418.50.00

40

80

8418.61.01

00

8418.69.01

10

20

30

40

50

60

80

Other furniture (chests, cabinets, display counters,
show-cases and the like) for storage and display,
incorporating refrigerating or freezing equipment..............
Freezing............................................................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other6/...............................................................................

No.

Other refrigerating or freezing equipment; heat pumps:
Heat pumps other than air conditioning machines of
heading 8415...................................................................

No.............

Free3/

Other.................................................................................
Icemaking machines................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Drinking water coolers, self-contained...................

No.

Soda fountain and beer dispensing equipment.....

No.

Centrifugal liquid chilling refrigerating units...........

No.

Reciprocating liquid chilling refrigerating units......

No.

Absorption liquid chilling units.................................

No.

Other refrigerating or freezing equipment..............

No.

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8418 (con.)

8418.91.00

00

8418.99
8418.99.40

00

Refrigerators, freezers and other refrigerating or freezing
equipment, electric or other; heat pumps, other than the air
conditioning machines of heading 8415; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Furniture designed to receive refrigerating or freezing
equipment.........................................................................

No.............

Free3/

Other:

Door assemblies incorporating more than one of
the following: inner panel; outer panel; insulation;
hinges; handles.........................................................

No.............

Free3/

8418.99.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free8/

05

10

15

20

25

50

60

Refrigeration condensing units:

Not exceeding 746 W.................................

No.

Exceeding 746 W but not exceeding
2.2 kW..........................................................

Exceeding 2.2 kW but not exceeding
7.5 kW..........................................................

Exceeding 7.5 kW but not exceeding
22.3 kW........................................................

No.

No.

No.

Exceeding 22.3 kW.....................................

No.

Other:

Parts of combined refrigerator-freezers
fitted with separate external doors and
parts of household type refrigerators........

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

8419

Machinery, plant or laboratory equipment, whether or not
electrically heated (excluding furnaces, ovens and other
equipment of heading 8514), for the treatment of materials by
a process involving a change of temperature such as heating,
cooking, roasting, distilling, rectifying, sterilizing, pasteurizing,
steaming, drying, evaporating, vaporizing, condensing or
cooling, other than machinery or plant of a kind used for
domestic purposes; instantaneous or storage water heaters,
nonelectric; parts thereof:

Instantaneous or storage water heaters, nonelectric:

8419.11.00

00

Instantaneous gas water heaters..................................

No.............

8419.12.00

00

Solar water heaters.........................................................

No.............

8419.19.01

8419.20.00

20

60

10

20

Other.................................................................................
Instantaneous water heaters...................................

..................
No.

Other..........................................................................
Medical, surgical or laboratory sterilizers............................
Medical or surgical sterilizers........................................

No.
..................
No.

Free

Laboratory sterilizers......................................................

No.

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

35%

35%

35%

45%

45%

45%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8419 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-33

2

Machinery, plant or laboratory equipment, whether or not
electrically heated (excluding furnaces, ovens and other
equipment of heading 8514), for the treatment of materials by
a process involving a change of temperature such as heating,
cooking, roasting, distilling, rectifying, sterilizing, pasteurizing,
steaming, drying, evaporating, vaporizing, condensing or
cooling, other than machinery or plant of a kind used for
domestic purposes; instantaneous or storage water heaters,
nonelectric; parts thereof: (con.)

Dryers:

8419.33

Lyophilisation apparatus, freeze drying units and spray
dryers:

8419.33.10

00

For agricultural products..........................................

No.............

8419.33.50
8419.34.00

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other, for agricultural products......................................

No.............
No.............

8419.35
8419.35.10

8419.35.50
8419.39.02

8419.40.00

8419.50
8419.50.10

00

00

70

80

40

80

00

Other, for wood, paper pulp, paper or paperboard

For wood....................................................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
For foods and beverages.........................................

No.............
..................
No.

Other..........................................................................
Distilling or rectifying plant....................................................
For food and beverages.................................................

No.
..................
No.

Other.................................................................................

No.

Heat exchange units:

Brazed aluminum plate-fin heat exchangers................

No.............

4.2%1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

8419.50.50
8419.60
8419.60.10

00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free10/

Machinery for liquefying air or other gases:

Machinery containing brazed aluminum plate-fin heat
exchangers.......................................................................

No.............

4.2%4/

8419.60.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8419 (con.)

8419.81
8419.81.50

8419.81.90

8419.89
8419.89.10

40

80

40

80

00

Machinery, plant or laboratory equipment, whether or not
electrically heated (excluding furnaces, ovens and other
equipment of heading 8514), for the treatment of materials by
a process involving a change of temperature such as heating,
cooking, roasting, distilling, rectifying, sterilizing, pasteurizing,
steaming, drying, evaporating, vaporizing, condensing or
cooling, other than machinery or plant of a kind used for
domestic purposes; instantaneous or storage water heaters,
nonelectric; parts thereof: (con.)

Other machinery, plant or equipment:

For making hot drinks or for cooking or heating food:
Cooking stoves, ranges and ovens........................
For use in civil aircraft7/.....................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Of a type used in restaurants, hotels or similar
locations..............................................................

..................

Free2/

No.

No.
..................

Free2/

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

For making paper pulp, paper or paperboard.......

No.............

Other:

8419.89.60

00

Molten-salt-cooled acrylic acid reactors.........

No.............

8419.89.95

Other...................................................................

..................

20

40

60

80

85

Designed for cooling:

For food and beverages......................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Other:

For food and beverages......................

No.

For rubber and plastics........................

No.

For other materials...............................

No.

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free4/

Free1/

4.2%4/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-35

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8419 (con.)

8419.90
8419.90.10

00

8419.90.20

00

Machinery, plant or laboratory equipment, whether or not
electrically heated (excluding furnaces, ovens and other
equipment of heading 8514), for the treatment of materials by
a process involving a change of temperature such as heating,
cooking, roasting, distilling, rectifying, sterilizing, pasteurizing,
steaming, drying, evaporating, vaporizing, condensing or
cooling, other than machinery or plant of a kind used for
domestic purposes; instantaneous or storage water heaters,
nonelectric; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Of instantaneous or storage water heaters..................

kg..............

Free10/

Of machinery and plant for making paper pulp, paper
or paperboard..................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

8419.90.30

00

Of heat exchange units6/.................................................

8419.90.50

8419.90.85

8419.90.95

40

80
00

20

80

Other:

Of molten-salt-cooled acrylic acid reactors; of
medical, surgical or laboratory sterilizers..............
Of medical, surgical or laboratory sterilizers...

..................
kg

Free1/

Other...................................................................
Of electromechanical tools for working in the hand
with self-contained electric motor...........................

kg

kg..............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

..................

4%1/

Of an apparatus of a type used in restaurants,
hotels or similar locations..................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

45%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8420

8420.10
8420.10.10

00

8420.10.20

00

8420.10.90

40

80

8420.91
8420.91.10

00

8420.91.20

00

8420.91.90
8420.99
8420.99.10

00

00

Calendering or other rolling machines, other than for metals
or glass, and cylinders therefor; parts thereof:
Calendering or other rolling machines:

Textile calendering or rolling machines........................

No.............

3.5%2/

Calendering or similar rolling machines for making
paper pulp, paper or paperboard..................................

Other.................................................................................
Calendering or other rolling machines for rubber
and plastics...............................................................

No.............

Free4/

..................

Free1/

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Parts:

Cylinders:

For textile calendering or rolling machines............

No.............

2.6%1/

For calendering or other rolling machines for
machines for making paper pulp, paper or
paperboard................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Other:

Of machines for processing textiles.......................

kg..............

Free1/

3.5%4/

8420.99.20

00

Of machines for making paper pulp, paper or
paperboard................................................................

8420.99.90

00

Other6/........................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

kg..............

Free1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

40%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8421

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Centrifuges, including centrifugal dryers; filtering or purifying
machinery and apparatus, for liquids or gases; parts thereof:

Centrifuges, including centrifugal dryers:

XVI
84-37

2

8421.11.00

00

Cream separators............................................................

No.............

8421.12.00

00

Clothes-dryers.................................................................

No.............

8421.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free3/

Free2/

1.3%1/

8421.21.00

00

Filtering or purifying machinery and apparatus for liquids:
For filtering or purifying water6/......................................

No.............

Free1/

8421.22.00

00

For filtering or purifying beverages other than water....

No.............

8421.23.00

00

Oil or fuel filters for internal combustion engines.........

No.............

Free1/

2.5%3/

8421.29.00

05

15

40

65

Other.................................................................................
Refrigerant recovery and recycling units...............

..................
No.

Free1/

Other:

Oil-separation equipment.................................

No.

Other:

Hydraulic fluid power filters, rated at
1,000 kPa or greater...................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%5/

25%

25%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Centrifuges, including centrifugal dryers; filtering or purifying
machinery and apparatus, for liquids or gases; parts thereof:
(con.)

Filtering or purifying machinery and apparatus for gases:
Intake air filters for internal combustion engines.........

No.............

2.5%3/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8421 (con.)

8421.31.00

00

8421.32.00

00

8421.39.01

05

15

20

30
40

60

90

Catalytic converters or particulate filters, whether or
not combined, for purifying or filtering exhaust gases
from internal combustion engines.................................

Other.................................................................................
Dust collection and air purification equipment:

For machine tools of headings 8456 through
8465, inclusive...................................................

Other6/.................................................................

Other:

No.............

Free1/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

Industrial gas cleaning equipment:

Electrostatic precipitators..........................

No.

Other.............................................................
Gas separation equipment...............................

No.
No.

Other:

Pneumatic fluid power filters, rated at
550 kPa or greater......................................

No.

Other6/...........................................................

kg

8421.91
8421.91.20

00

Parts:

Of centrifuges, including centrifugal dryers:

Drying chambers for the clothes-dryers of
subheading 8421.12 and other parts of
clothes-dryers incorporating drying chambers......

8421.91.40

00

Furniture designed to receive the clothes-dryers
of subheading 8421.12............................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

8421.91.60
8421.99.01

00

40

80

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg..............
..................

Free1/
Free1/

Parts of machinery and apparatus for filtering or
purifying water6/.........................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

35%

35%

25%

25%

25%
35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8422

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-39

2

Dishwashing machines; machinery for cleaning or drying bottles
or other containers; machinery for filling, closing, sealing or
labeling bottles, cans, boxes, bags or other containers;
machinery for capsuling bottles, jars, tubes and similar
containers; other packing or wrapping machinery (including
heat-shrink wrapping machinery); machinery for aerating
beverages; parts thereof:

Dishwashing machines:

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

30%

35%

8422.11.00

00

Of the household type.....................................................

No.............

2.4%2/

8422.19.00
8422.20.00

00
00

8422.30

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Machinery for cleaning or drying bottles or other
containers................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Machinery for filling, closing, sealing or labeling bottles,
cans, boxes, bags or other containers; machinery for
capsuling bottles, jars, tubes and similar containers;
machinery for aerating beverages:

Free1/

Free1/

8422.30.11

00

Can-sealing machines....................................................

No.............

8422.30.91

10

20

30

40

50

60
70

80

85

86

87

91

Other.................................................................................
Machines for aerating beverages...........................

..................
No.

Labeling machines...................................................

No.

Other:

Machinery for filling, closing, sealing, capsuling
or labeling bottles, cans or similar containers:
Machines for filling, whether or not capable
of performing other operations:

Vacuum or gas packaging..................

No.

Other......................................................
Machines which perform only the following
operations: capping, lidding, sealing or
closing:

No.

Vacuum or gas packaging..................

No.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Machinery for filling, closing, sealing, capsuling
or labeling boxes, bags or similar containers:
Machines for opening, filling and closing
bags..............................................................

Machines for forming, filling and sealing
bags/pouches..............................................

Machines for opening, filling and closing
boxes............................................................

Machines for skin and blister
packaging....................................................

No.
No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8422 (con.)

8422.40

8422.40.11

8422.40.91

10

90

40

50

60

70

81

Dishwashing machines; machinery for cleaning or drying bottles
or other containers; machinery for filling, closing, sealing or
labeling bottles, cans, boxes, bags or other containers;
machinery for capsuling bottles, jars, tubes and similar
containers; other packing or wrapping machinery (including
heat-shrink wrapping machinery); machinery for aerating
beverages; parts thereof: (con.)

Other packing or wrapping machinery (including
heat-shrink wrapping machinery):

Machines for packaging pipe tobacco; machines for
wrapping candy; machines for wrapping cigarette
packages; and combination candy cutting and
wrapping machines.........................................................
Machines for wrapping candy.................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Strapping machines.................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Machines for case and tray forming, packing,
unpacking, closing and sealing...............................

No.

Machines for shrink film and heat sealing.............

No.

Machines for wrapping............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

8422.90

Parts:

Of dishwashing machines:

8422.90.02

00

8422.90.04

00

8422.90.06

40

80
00

8422.90.11

8422.90.21

00

8422.90.91

20

30

60

95

Water containment chambers for the dishwashing
machines of subheading 8422.11 and other parts
of dishwashing machines of the household type
incorporating water containment chambers..........

Door assemblies for the dishwashing machines of
subheading 8422.11................................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free3/

Other..........................................................................
Of the household type.......................................

..................
kg

Free10/

Other...................................................................
Of can-sealing machines................................................

kg
kg..............

Free2/

Of machines for packaging pipe tobacco, wrapping
candy or wrapping cigarette packages, and of
combination candy cutting and wrapping machines....

Other.................................................................................
Of machinery for cleaning or drying bottles or other
containers..................................................................

Other:

Of strapping machines......................................

Of other wrapping and packaging machines...

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

..................

Free1/

kg

kg

kg

kg

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

30%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-41

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8423

8423.10.00

10

30

60

00

8423.20
8423.20.10

Weighing machinery (excluding balances of a sensitivity of 5
cg or better), including weight-operated counting or checking
machines; weighing machine weights of all kinds; parts of
weighing machinery:

Personal weighing machines, including baby scales;
household scales....................................................................
Digital electronic type......................................................

..................
No.

Free

Other:

Of a kind suitable for carrying on the person.........

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Scales for continuous weighing of goods on conveyors:

Using electronic means for gauging weights...............

No.............

8423.20.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

2.9%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8423.30.00

00

Constant-weight scales and scales for discharging a
predetermined weight of material into a bag or container,
including hopper scales.........................................................

No.............

Free1/

Other weighing machinery:

8423.81.00

Having a maximum weighing capacity not exceeding
30 kg.................................................................................

..................

Free3/

10

20

30

40
50

10

50

00

8423.82.00

8423.89
8423.89.10

Digital electronic type:

Counting scales.................................................

No.

Retail scales, non-computing...........................

No.

Retail scales, computing...................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Having a maximum weighing capacity exceeding 30 kg
but not exceeding 5,000 kg............................................
Digital electronic type...............................................

No.
No.

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Using electronic means for gauging.......................

No.............

8423.89.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

2.9%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8423.90

8423.90.10

00

Weighing machine weights of all kinds; parts of weighing
machinery:

Parts of weighing machinery using electronic means
for gauging weight, excluding parts of machines for
weighing motor vehicles.................................................

kg..............

Free1/

8423.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.8%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

XVI
84-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8424

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Mechanical appliances (whether or not hand operated) for
projecting, dispersing or spraying liquids or powders; fire
extinguishers, whether or not charged; spray guns and similar
appliances; steam or sand blasting machines and similar jet
projecting machines; parts thereof:

8424.10.00

00

Fire extinguishers, whether or not charged.........................

No.............

8424.20
8424.20.10

00

Spray guns and similar appliances:

Simple piston pump sprays and powder bellows........

No.............

Free2/

2.9%3/

8424.20.90
8424.30

00

Other.................................................................................
Steam or sand blasting machines and similar jet projecting
machines:

kg..............

Free3/

8424.30.10

00

Sand blasting machines.................................................

No.............

8424.30.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

Free3/

8424.41
8424.41.10

00

Agricultural or horticultural sprayers:

Portable sprayers:

Sprayers (except sprayers, self-contained, having
a capacity not over 20 liters)...................................

No.............

Free3/

8424.41.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

2.4%3/

8424.49.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2.4%3/

8424.82.00

Agricultural or horticultural.............................................

..................

2.4%4/

Other appliances:

35%

45%

35%

Free

35%

Free

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20
90
00

8424.89.10

Irrigation equipment:

Self-propelled, center pivot...............................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

Mechanical appliances for projecting, dispersing or
spraying, of a kind used solely or principally for the
manufacture of printed circuits or printed circuit
assemblies.......................................................................

8424.89.90

00

Other6/...............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

No.............

1.8%4/

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-43

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8424 (con.)

8424.90
8424.90.05

00

Mechanical appliances (whether or not hand operated) for
projecting, dispersing or spraying liquids or powders; fire
extinguishers, whether or not charged; spray guns and similar
appliances; steam or sand blasting machines and similar jet
projecting machines; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Of fire extinguishers........................................................

kg..............

8424.90.10

00

Of simple piston pump sprays and powder bellows.....

kg..............

8424.90.20

00

Of sand blasting machines.............................................

kg..............

8424.90.90

40

80

8425

Other.................................................................................
Of steam and similar jet projecting machines.......

..................
kg

Other6/........................................................................

kg

Pulley tackle and hoists other than skip hoists; winches and
capstans; jacks:

Pulley tackle and hoists other than skip hoists or hoists of
a kind used for raising vehicles:

8425.11.00

00

Powered by electric motor..............................................

No.............

8425.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Winches; capstans:

8425.31.01

00

Powered by electric motor6/............................................

No.............

Free3/

8425.39.01

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

8425.41.00

00

Built-in jacking systems of a type used in garages......

No.............

Jacks; hoists of a kind used for raising vehicles:

8425.42.00

00

Other jacks and hoists, hydraulic..................................

No.............

8425.49.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free2/

2.9%2/

Free1/

Free8/

Free1/

Free3/

35%

45%

Free

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

XVI
84-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8426

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ships' derricks; cranes, including cable cranes; mobile lifting
frames, straddle carriers and works trucks fitted with a crane:
Overhead traveling cranes, transporter cranes, gantry
cranes, bridge cranes, mobile lifting frames and straddle
carriers:

8426.11.00

00

Overhead traveling cranes on fixed support................

No.............

Free

8426.12.00

00

Mobile lifting frames on tires and straddle carriers......

No.............

Free

8426.19.00

00

8426.20.00

00

Other11/..............................................................................
Tower cranes..........................................................................

No.............
No.............

Free12/
Free

8426.30.00

00

Portal or pedestal jib cranes.................................................

No.............

Free3/

8426.41.00

8426.49.00

05

10

90

10

90

Other machinery, self-propelled:

On tires.............................................................................
Works trucks fitted with a crane.............................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other:

Cable operated...................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Cable operated.........................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other machinery:

8426.91.00

00

Designed for mounting on road vehicles......................

No.............

8426.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

8427

8427.10
8427.10.40

00

Fork-lift trucks; other works trucks fitted with lifting or handling
equipment:

Self-propelled trucks powered by an electric motor:

Rider-type, counterbalanced fork-lift trucks.................

No.............

8427.10.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free3/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

20

30

40

50

70

95

00

20

90

20

90

8427.20
8427.20.40

8427.20.80

8427.90.00

Operator riding:

Aerial work platforms of a kind described in
statistical note 4 to this chapter........................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Automated guided vehicle (AGV):

Aerial work platforms of a kind described in
statistical note 4 to this chapter........................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Aerial work platforms of a kind described in
statistical note 4 to this chapter........................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other self-propelled trucks:

Rider-type, counterbalanced fork-lift trucks.................

No.............

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Aerial work platforms of a kind described in
statistical note 4 to this chapter..............................

Other..........................................................................
Other trucks............................................................................
Aerial work platforms of a kind described in
statistical note 4 to this chapter..............................

..................

Free1/

No.

No.
..................

Free3/

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-45

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8428

8428.10.00

00

8428.20.00

10

50

Other lifting, handling, loading or unloading machinery (for
example, elevators, escalators, conveyors, teleferics):

Passenger or freight elevators other than continuous action;
skip hoists...............................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Pneumatic elevators and conveyors....................................
Conveyors........................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Elevators...........................................................................

No.

Other continuous-action elevators and conveyors, for
goods or materials:

8428.31.00

00

Specially designed for underground use......................

No.............

8428.32.00

00

Other, bucket type...........................................................

No.............

8428.33.00

00

Other, belt type................................................................

No.............

8428.39.00
8428.40.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Escalators and moving walkways........................................

No.............
No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free3/

8428.60.00

00

Teleferics, chair lifts, ski draglines; traction mechanisms
for funiculars...........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8428.70.00

00

Industrial robots......................................................................

No.............

8428.90.03

Other machinery.....................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

8429

8429.11.00

8429.19.00

8429.20.00

8429.30.00

8429.40.00

10

90

10

90

10

90
00

20

40
60

20

40
60

Woodland log handling equipment (other than
skidders)...........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Self-propelled bulldozers, angledozers, graders, levelers,
scrapers, mechanical shovels, excavators, shovel loaders,
tamping machines and road rollers:
Bulldozers and angledozers:

Track laying......................................................................
New............................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................
Other.................................................................................
New............................................................................

No.
..................
No.

Used or rebuilt...........................................................
Graders and levelers.............................................................

No.
No.............

Scrapers..................................................................................

..................

New:

Not exceeding 13.7 m3.............................................

No.

Exceeding 13.7 m3....................................................
Used or rebuilt.................................................................
Tamping machines and road rollers....................................

No.
No.
..................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

New:

Vibratory....................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Used or rebuilt.................................................................

No.
No.

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

XVI
84-46

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8429 (con.)

8429.51
8429.51.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Self-propelled bulldozers, angledozers, graders, levelers,
scrapers, mechanical shovels, excavators, shovel loaders,
tamping machines and road rollers: (con.)

Mechanical shovels, excavators and shovel loaders:

Front-end shovel loaders:

Wheel-type................................................................

..................

Free1/

35%

05

15

25

30

35

40

45

50

55
60
65

10

20

30

40

50
60

10

20

30

40
50

10

90

8429.51.50

8429.52
8429.52.10

8429.52.50

New:

Integral tractor shovel loaders, rear engine
mounted:

2 wheel drive.........................................

No.

4 wheel drive with a bucket capacity
of:

Under 1.5 m3..................................

No.

At least 1.5 m3 but under
2.2 m3..............................................

At least 2.2 m3 but under
2.9 m3..............................................

At least 2.9 m3 but under
3.8 m3..............................................

At least 3.8 m3 but under
5.2 m3..............................................

At least 5.2 m3 but under
7.6 m3..............................................

At least 7.6 m3 but under
11.4 m3............................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

11.4 m3 and over............................
Other.............................................................
Used or rebuilt....................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.
No.
..................

New:

Less than 44.7 kW......................................

No.

At least 44.7 kW but under 67.1 kW.........

No.

At least 67.1 kW but under 93.2 kW.........

No.

At least 93.2 kW but under 119.3 kW.......

No.

119.3 kW and over......................................
Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.
No.

Machinery with a 360˚ revolving superstructure:

Free1/

35%

Backhoes, shovels, clamshells and draglines.......

..................

Free1/

35%

New:

Crawler mounted:

Hydraulic...............................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Other:

Hydraulic...............................................

No.

Other......................................................
Used or rebuilt....................................................
Other..........................................................................
New.....................................................................

No.
No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-47

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8429 (con.)

8429.59
8429.59.10

8429.59.50

30

60
90

20

40
60
80

Self-propelled bulldozers, angledozers, graders, levelers,
scrapers, mechanical shovels, excavators, shovel loaders,
tamping machines and road rollers: (con.)

Mechanical shovels, excavators and shovel loaders: (con.)

Other:

Backhoes, shovels, clamshells and draglines.......

..................

Free1/

New:

Backhoes.....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Used or rebuilt....................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.
..................

Free1/

New:

Ditchers and trenchers:

Ladder type...........................................

No.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.
No.
No.

8430

Other moving, grading, leveling, scraping, excavating, tamping,
compacting, extracting or boring machinery, for earth, minerals
or ores; pile-drivers and pile-extractors; snowplows and
snowblowers:

8430.10.00

00

Pile-drivers and pile-extractors.............................................

No.............

8430.20.00

Snowplows and snowblowers..............................................

..................

Free1/

Free2/

30

60
90

40

80

40

80

Snowblowers:

Attachment type........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.

Coal or rock cutters and tunneling machinery:

Self-propelled...................................................................
Rock breaking machines.........................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Rock breaking machines.........................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other boring or sinking machinery:

8430.31.00

8430.39.00

8430.41.00

00

Self-propelled...................................................................

No.............

Free1/

8430.49
8430.49.40

00

Other:

Offshore oil and natural gas drilling and production
platforms....................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

8430.49.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

10

20

30

40
50

00

8430.50
8430.50.10

For oil well and gas field drilling:

Rotary...........................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

For water well drilling:

Rotary...........................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.

Other machinery, self-propelled:

Peat excavators...............................................................

No.............

8430.50.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

8430.61.00

00

Tamping or compacting machinery...............................

No.............

Other machinery, not self-propelled:

8430.69.01

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free3/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

45%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-48

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8431

8431.10.00

10

90
00

20

40

60

10

50

70

80

20

40

60

80
00

8431.20.00

8431.31.00

8431.39.00

8431.41.00

8431.42.00

8431.43

8431.43.40

00

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the machinery
of headings 8425 to 8430:

Of machinery of heading 8425.............................................
Of machinery of subheading 8425.11 or 8425.19.......

..................
No.

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Of machinery of heading 84276/...........................................

No.
No.............

Free1/

Of machinery of heading 8428:

Of passenger or freight elevators other than continuous
action, skip hoists or escalators....................................
Of skip hoists............................................................

..................
No.

Free13/

Of escalators.............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of elevators and conveyors.....................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Other:

Of oil and gas field machinery..........................

No.

Of the woodland log handling equipment of
statistical reporting number 8428.90.0310......

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Of machinery of heading 8426, 8429 or 8430:

Buckets, shovels, grabs and grips................................
Shovel attachments..................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Clamshell (grappler) attachments..........................

No.

Dragline buckets.......................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Bulldozer or angledozer blades.....................................

No.
No.............

Free13/

Parts for boring or sinking machinery of subheading
8430.41 or 8430.49:

Of offshore oil and natural gas drilling and
production platforms................................................

No.............

Free1/

8431.43.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

20

40

60
90

Of oil and gas field machinery:

Tool joints, whether or not forged..............

No.

Drill pipe fitted with tool joints....................

No.

Other.............................................................
Of other boring or sinking machinery..............

No.
No.

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

45%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-49

2

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the machinery
of headings 8425 to 8430: (con.)

Of machinery of heading 8426, 8429 or 8430: (con.)

Other:

Of machinery of heading 8426................................
Of machinery of subheadings 8426.11,
8426.19 and 8426.30........................................

Of mobile lifting frames, straddle carriers and
works trucks fitted with a crane........................

..................

Free13/

35%

No.

No.

Other:

Of copper or copper alloys.........................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Attachments for mounting on machinery:

No.
..................

Free13/

Backhoe attachments.................................

No.

Front-end loader attachments...................

No.

Rippers and rooters....................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

35%

Parts of coal or rock cutters and tunneling
machinery:

Cast axle housings...............................

No.

Other:

Of copper or copper alloys...........

No.

Other...............................................

No.

Parts of backhoes, shovels, clamshells
and draglines:

Cast axle housings...............................

No.

Other:

Road wheels..................................

No.

Wheel and tire assemblies...........

No.

Other:

Of copper or copper alloys.....

No.

Other........................................

No.

Other:

Scraper bowls for scrapers of
subheadings 8429.30 and
8430.69.01............................................

No.

Track links.............................................

No.

Cast axle housings...............................

No.

Other:

Steel forgings.................................

kg

Other:

Road wheels............................

No.

Wheel and tire assemblies......

No.

Other:

Of copper or copper
alloys.................................

No.

Other.................................

No.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8431 (con.)

8431.49
8431.49.10

8431.49.90

10

60

70

80

05

10

15

20

25

32

34

35

36

38

39

41

45

50

55

81

84

90

92

94

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-50

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8432

8432.10.00

20

40

60

Agricultural, horticultural or forestry machinery for soil
preparation or cultivation; lawn or sports ground rollers; parts
thereof:

Plows.......................................................................................
Moldboard plows except listers.....................................

..................
No.

Free13/

Disc plows........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

Harrows, scarifiers, cultivators, weeders and hoes:

No.

No.

8432.21.00

00

Disc harrows....................................................................

No.............

8432.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free4/

40

60

80
90

10

90

10

90

8432.31.00

8432.39.00

Cultivators, weeders and hoes:

Cultivators, tractor drawn or for tractor
mounting.............................................................

No.

Walk behind rotary tillers..................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

Seeders, planters and transplanters

No-till direct seeders, planters and transplanters........
Planters and transplanters......................................

..................
No.

Free4/

Seeders.....................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Planters and transplanters......................................

No.
..................
No.

Free4/

Seeders.....................................................................

No.

Manure spreaders and fertilizer distributors:

8432.41.00

00

Manure spreaders...........................................................

No.............

8432.42.00
8432.80.00

8432.90.00

00

10

80

10

20

40

50

60

81

Fertilizer distributors.......................................................
Other machinery.....................................................................
Tow behind spreaders, aerators, and de- thatchers....

No.............
..................
No.

Other.................................................................................
Parts........................................................................................
Road wheels without tires..............................................

No.
..................
No.

Free13/

Wheel and tire assemblies.............................................

No.

Other:

Of plows.....................................................................

No.

Of harrows, scarifiers, cultivators, weeders and
hoes............................................................................

Of seeders, planters, transplanters, manure
spreaders and fertilizer distributors........................

No.

No.

Of other machinery...................................................

No.

Free3/

Free4/
Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free
Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-51

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8433

8433.11.00

10

20

30

40

50

60

10

20

30

40

50

20

40
60
00

8433.19.00

8433.20.00

8433.30.00

8433.51.00

8433.52.00

10

90
00

8433.59.00

8433.60.00

10

90

10

90

Harvesting or threshing machinery, including straw or fodder
balers; grass or hay mowers; machines for cleaning, sorting
or grading eggs, fruit or other agricultural produce, other than
machinery of heading 8437; parts thereof:

Mowers for lawns, parks or sports grounds:

Powered, with the cutting device rotating in a horizontal
plane.................................................................................
Electric mowers, including battery operated.........

..................
No.

Free2/

Riding mowers, other than electric:

Under 5.2 kW.....................................................

No.

5.2 kW and over but under 7.46 kW................

No.

7.46 kW and over...............................................

No.

Other:

Under 3.7 kW.....................................................

No.

3.7 kW and over.................................................
Other.................................................................................
Greens mowers.........................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Gang cutting units.....................................................

No.

Other riding mowers.................................................

No.

Other:

Gasoline powered..............................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other mowers, including cutter bars for tractor mounting..

No.
..................

Free1/

Tractor drawn or for tractor mounting:

Rotary cutter type.....................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Other haymaking machinery.................................................

No.
No.
No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Other harvesting machinery; threshing machinery

Combine harvester-threshers........................................
Self-propelled............................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other threshing machinery.............................................

No.
No.............

Other.................................................................................
Field forage harvesters............................................

..................
No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Machines for cleaning, sorting or grading eggs, fruit or
other agricultural produce.....................................................
Machines for cleaning, sorting or grading eggs...........

..................
No.

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

No.

8433.40.00

00

Straw or fodder balers, including pick-up balers................

No.............

8433.53.00

00

Root or tuber harvesting machines...............................

No.............

30%

30%

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-52

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8433 (con.)

8433.90
8433.90.10

8433.90.50

10

90

10

25

45
60

80

Harvesting or threshing machinery, including straw or fodder
balers; grass or hay mowers; machines for cleaning, sorting
or grading eggs, fruit or other agricultural produce, other than
machinery of heading 8437; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Of mowers for lawns, parks or sports grounds............
Wheel and tire assemblies......................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of other mowers, harvesting machines and
threshing machines:

No.
..................

Free1/

Road wheels.......................................................

No.

Of haying machines and balers........................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Of machines for cleaning, sorting or grading
eggs............................................................................

Of machines for cleaning, sorting or grading fruit
or other agricultural produce...................................

No.

No.

8434
8434.10.00

Milking machines and dairy machinery, and parts thereof:

00

Milking machines...................................................................

No.............

8434.20.00

00

Dairy machinery.....................................................................

No.............

8434.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

No.............

8435

Presses, crushers and similar machinery, used in the
manufacture of wine, cider, fruit juices or similar beverages;
parts thereof:

8435.10.00

00

Machinery...............................................................................

No.............

8435.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free1/

Free1/

Free2/

Free2/

30%

Free

Free

Free

Free

40%

40%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8436

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-53

2

Other agricultural, horticultural, forestry, poultry-keeping or
bee-keeping machinery, including germination plant fitted with
mechanical or thermal equipment; poultry incubators and
brooders; parts thereof:

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

8436.10.00

00

Machinery for preparing animal feeds.................................

No.............

Poultry-keeping machinery; poultry incubators and
brooders:

8436.21.00

00

Poultry incubators and brooders...................................

No.............

8436.29.00
8436.80.00

8436.91.00

8436.99.00

00

20

40

60

70

90

40

80

20

30

35

40

70

90

Other.................................................................................
Other machinery.....................................................................
Forestry machinery.........................................................

No.............
..................
No.

Other:

Barn and barnyard machines..................................

No.

Machines for preparing crops for market or for
use..............................................................................

No.

Other:

Bee-keeping machinery....................................

No.

Other6/.................................................................

No.

Parts:

Of poultry-keeping machinery or poultry incubators
and brooders....................................................................
Of poultry incubators and brooders........................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of forestry machinery...............................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Of bee-keeping machinery......................................

No.

Of machinery for preparing animal feeds..............

No.

Other:

Of barn or barnyard machines.........................

No.

Of machines for preparing crops for market or
for use.................................................................

Other6/.................................................................

No.

No.

8437

8437.10.00

00

8437.80.00

8437.90.00

10

90

10

90

Machines for cleaning, sorting or grading seed, grain or dried
leguminous vegetables, and parts thereof; machinery used in
the milling industry or for the working of cereals or dried
leguminous vegetables, other than farm type machinery; parts
thereof:

Machines for cleaning, sorting or grading seed, grain or
dried leguminous vegetables................................................

No.............

Free1/

Other machinery.....................................................................
Flour mill and grain mill machines.................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Parts........................................................................................
Of flour mill or grain mill machines................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

No.

Free

Free

Free
Free

Free

Free

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-54

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8438

8438.10.00

10

90
00

8438.20.00

Machinery, not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter,
for the industrial preparation or manufacture of food or drink,
other than machinery for the extraction or preparation of animal
or fixed vegetable or microbial fats or oils; parts thereof:

Bakery machinery and machinery for the manufacture of
macaroni, spaghetti or similar products..............................
Bakery machinery............................................................

Other.................................................................................
Machinery for the manufacture of confectionery, cocoa or
chocolate.................................................................................

..................
No.

Free2/

No.

No.............

Free2/

8438.30.00

00

Machinery for sugar manufacture........................................

No.............

8438.40.00

00

Brewery machinery................................................................

No.............

Free2/

2.3%2/

8438.50.00

Machinery for the preparation of meat or poultry...............

..................

2.8%1/

10

90
00

8438.60.00

Meat- and poultry-packing plant machinery.................

Other.................................................................................

Machinery for the preparation of fruits, nuts or
vegetables...............................................................................

No.

No.

No.............

Free1/

8438.80.00

00

Other machinery.....................................................................

No.............

8438.90
8438.90.10

00

Parts:

Of machinery for sugar manufacture............................

No.............

8438.90.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free2/

2.8%1/

15

30

60

90

Of bakery machinery and machinery for the
manufacture of macaroni, spaghetti or similar
products.....................................................................

Of machinery for the manufacture of confectionery,
cocoa or chocolate...................................................

Of machinery for the preparation of meat or
poultry........................................................................

No.

No.

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

35%

35%

Free

35%

35%

35%

40%

Free

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-55

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8439

8439.10.00

8439.20.00

8439.30.00

8439.91

10

90

10

90
00

8439.91.10

00

8439.91.90
8439.99
8439.99.10

00

00

Machinery for making pulp of fibrous cellulosic material or for
making or finishing paper or paperboard (other than the
machinery of heading 8419); parts thereof:

Machinery for making pulp of fibrous cellulosic material....
New...................................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Used or rebuilt.................................................................
Machinery for making paper or paperboard.......................
New...................................................................................

No.
..................
No.

Used or rebuilt.................................................................
Machinery for finishing paper or paperboard......................

No.
No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Parts:

Of machinery for making pulp of fibrous cellulosic
materials:

Bed plates, roll bars and other stock-treating
parts...........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Other:

Of machinery for making paper or paperboard......

No.............

8439.99.50

00

Of machinery for finishing paper or paperboard....

No.............

8440

Bookbinding machinery, including book-sewing machines, and
parts thereof:

8440.10.00

00

Machinery...............................................................................

No.............

8440.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

No.............

8441

Other machinery for making up paper pulp, paper or
paperboard, including cutting machines of all kinds, and parts
thereof:

8441.10.00

00

Cutting machines...................................................................

No.............

8441.20.00

00

Machines for making bags, sacks or envelopes................

No.............

8441.30.00

00

Machines for making cartons, boxes, cases, tubes, drums
or similar containers, other than by molding.......................

8441.40.00

00

Machines for molding articles in paper pulp, paper or
paperboard.............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

No.............

Free1/

8441.80.00

00

Other machinery.....................................................................

No.............

8441.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free2/

Free2/

Free3/

Free1/

35%

35%

35%

20%

35%

35%

35%

25%

25%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-56

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8442

8442.30.01

8442.40.00

8442.50

10

50
00

Machinery, apparatus and equipment (other than the machines
of headings 8456 to 8465), for preparing or making plates,
cylinders or other printing components; plates, cylinders and
other printing components; plates, cylinders and lithographic
stones, prepared for printing purposes (for example, planed,
grained or polished); parts thereof:

Machinery, apparatus and equipment.................................
Phototypesetting and composing machines................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other machinery, apparatus and equipment...............

No.

Parts of the foregoing machinery, apparatus or
equipment...............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Plates, cylinders and other printing components; plates,
cylinders and lithographic stones, prepared for printing
purposes (for example, planed, grained or polished):

8442.50.10

00

Plates................................................................................

No.............

8442.50.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free3/

Free2/

8443

8443.11
8443.11.10

00

8443.11.50
8443.12.00

00
00

Printing machinery used for printing by means of plates,
cylinders and other printing components of heading 8442; other
printers, copying machines and facsimile machines, whether
or not combined; parts and accessories thereof:

Printing machinery used for printing by means of plates,
cylinders and other printing components of heading 8442:

Offset printing machinery, reel-fed:

Double-width newspaper printing presses............

No.............

3.3%1/

Other..........................................................................
Offset printing machinery, sheet-fed, office type (using
sheets with one side not exceeding 22 cm and the
other side not exceeding 36 cm in the unfolded
state).................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

No.............

Free1/

8443.13.00

00

Other offset printing machinery.....................................

No.............

Free1/

8443.14.00

00

Letterpress printing machinery, reel fed, excluding
flexographic printing........................................................

No.............

2.2%1/

8443.15.00

00

Letterpress printing machinery, other than reel fed,
excluding flexographic printing......................................

No.............

Free3/

8443.16.00

00

Flexographic printing machinery...................................

No.............

2.2%3/

8443.17.00

00

Gravure printing machinery............................................

No.............

2.2%1/

Free

Free

25%5/

60%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-57

2

Printing machinery used for printing by means of plates,
cylinders and other printing components of heading 8442; other
printers, copying machines and facsimile machines, whether
or not combined; parts and accessories thereof: (con.)

Printing machinery used for printing by means of plates,
cylinders and other printing components of heading 8442:
(con.)

Other:

Textile printing machinery........................................

No.............

2.6%2/

Other..........................................................................
Other printers, copying machines and facsimile machines,
whether or not combined:

Machines which perform two or more of the functions
of printing, copying or facsimile transmission, capable
of connecting to an automatic data processing machine
or to a network.................................................................

Other, capable of connecting to an automatic data
processing machine or to a network:

No.............

Free1/

No.............

Free2/

Printer units...............................................................

..................

Free2/

Laser:

Capable of producing more than 20 pages
per minute....................................................

Other.............................................................
Light bar electronic type....................................

No.

No.
No.

Ink jet...................................................................

No.

Thermal transfer.................................................

No.

Ionographic.........................................................

No.

Daisy wheel........................................................

No.

Dot matrix............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

Free2/

Other:

Copying machines:

Electrostatic photocopying apparatus:

Operating by reproducing the original
image directly onto the copy (direct
process).......................................................

Operating by reproducing the original
image via an intermediate onto the copy
(indirect process)........................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free3/

Other photocopying apparatus:

Incorporating an optical system................

No.............

Of the contact type......................................
Thermocopying apparatus................................

No.............
No.............

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.............
No.............

Free3/

Free3/
Free3/

Free
Free2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

25%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%
35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8443 (con.)

8443.19
8443.19.20

00

8443.19.30

00

8443.31.00

00

8443.32

8443.32.10

10

20
30

40

50

60

70

80

90
00

8443.32.50
8443.39

8443.39.10

00

8443.39.20

00

8443.39.30

00

8443.39.40
8443.39.50

8443.39.60
8443.39.90

00
00

00
00

XVI
84-58

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8443 (con.)

8443.91

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Printing machinery used for printing by means of plates,
cylinders and other printing components of heading 8442; other
printers, copying machines and facsimile machines, whether
or not combined; parts and accessories thereof: (con.)

Parts and accessories:

Parts and accessories of printing machinery used for
printing by means of plates, cylinders and other printing
components of heading 8442:

8443.91.10

00

Machines for uses ancillary to printing...................

No.............

8443.91.20

00

Parts for textile printing machinery.........................

No.............

8443.91.30
8443.99
8443.99.10

00

00

8443.99.20

8443.99.25

10

50

10

50

8443.99.30

00

Free1/

Free2/

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Other:

Accessory and auxiliary machines which are
intended for attachment to an electrostatic
photocopier and which do not operate
independently of such photocopier.........................

Parts and accessories of printers:

Parts of printer units of subheading 8443.32.10
specified in additional U.S. note 2 to this
chapter................................................................
Ink cartridges...............................................

No.............

Free3/

..................
No.

Free1/

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Ink cartridges...............................................

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Other.............................................................

No.

Parts and accessories of facsimile machines:
Parts of facsimile machines specified in
additional U.S. note 3 to this chapter...............

No.............

Free3/

8443.99.35

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free3/

8443.99.40

00

Parts and accessories of copying machines:
Parts of photocopying apparatus of
subheading 8443.39.20 specified in additional
U.S. note 4 to this chapter................................

No.............

Free4/

8443.99.45
8443.99.50

00

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.............
..................

Free1/
Free2/

8444.00.00

11

15
50

10

90

For the goods of subheading 8443.31:

Ink cartridges...............................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.

Machines for extruding, drawing, texturing or cutting man-made
textile materials.............................................................................
Texturing machines...............................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other........................................................................................

No.

25%5/

40%

25%5/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

40%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8445

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-59

2

Machines for preparing textile fibers; spinning, doubling or
twisting machines and other machinery for producing textile
yarns; textile reeling or winding (including weft winding)
machines and machines for preparing textile yarns for use on
the machines of heading 8446 or 8447:

Machines for preparing textile fibers:

8445.11.00

00

Carding machines...........................................................

No.............

8445.12.00

00

Combing machines.........................................................

No.............

8445.13.00

00

Drawing or roving machines...........................................

No.............

8445.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

40

80
00

10

90
00

8445.20.00

8445.30.00

8445.40.00

Cotton gins................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Textile spinning machines.....................................................

No.
No.............

Textile doubling or twisting machines..................................
Textile twisting machines...............................................

..................
No.

Other.................................................................................

No.

Textile winding (including weft winding) or reeling
machines.................................................................................

No.............

3.7%2/

8445.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

3.7%2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

3.3%2/

Free2/

Free2/

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-60

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8446
8446.10.00

10

90

8446.21
8446.21.10

00

8446.21.50

00

8446.29.00
8446.30

00

8446.30.10

8446.30.50

10

20

30

10

20

30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Weaving machines (looms):

For weaving fabrics of a width not exceeding 30 cm.........
Power looms....................................................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other.................................................................................

No.

For weaving fabrics of a width exceeding 30 cm, shuttle
type:

Power looms:

For weaving fabrics of a width exceeding 4.9 m....

No.............

Free

Other..........................................................................

No.............

3.7%2/

Other.................................................................................
For weaving fabrics of a width exceeding 30 cm, shuttleless
type:

Power looms for weaving fabrics of a width exceeding
4.9 m.................................................................................
Rapier type................................................................

No.............

Free2/

..................
No.

Free2/

Jet type......................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

3.7%3/

Rapier type................................................................

No.

Jet type......................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-61

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8447

8447.11
8447.11.10

8447.11.90

8447.12
8447.12.10

8447.12.90

00

10

20

90

00

10

20

90

Knitting machines, stitch-bonding machines and machines for
making gimped yarn, tulle, lace, embroidery, trimmings, braid
or net and machines for tufting:
Circular knitting machines:

With cylinder diameter not exceeding 165 mm:

For knitting hosiery...................................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................
Open-top cylinder machines.............................

..................
No.

Cylinder and dial machines..............................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

With cylinder diameter exceeding 165 mm:

For knitting hosiery...................................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................
Open-top cylinder machines.............................

..................
No.

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Cylinder and dial machines..............................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

8447.20

Flat knitting machines; stitch-bonding machines:

V-bed flat knitting machines:

8447.20.20

00

Power driven flat knitting machines over 50.8 cm
in width.......................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8447.20.30

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

2.6%2/

8447.20.40

00

Warp knitting machines..................................................

No.............

8447.20.60
8447.90
8447.90.10

00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Other:

Braiding and lace-braiding machines...........................

No.............

8447.90.50

00

Embroidery machines.....................................................

No.............

8447.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

30%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-62

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8448

8448.11.00

00

8448.19.00
8448.20

00

8448.20.10

00

Auxiliary machinery for use with machines of heading 8444,
8445, 8446 or 8447 (for example, dobbies, Jacquards,
automatic stop motions and shuttle changing mechanisms);
parts and accessories suitable for use solely or principally with
the machines of this heading or of heading 8444, 8445, 8446
or 8447 (for example, spindles and spindle flyers, card clothing,
combs, extruding nipples, shuttles, healds and heald-frames,
hosiery needles):

Auxiliary machinery for machines of heading 8444, 8445,
8446 or 8447:

Dobbies and Jacquards; card reducing, copying,
punching or assembling machines for use therewith...

Other.................................................................................
Parts and accessories of machines of heading 8444 or of
their auxiliary machinery:

Of machines for extruding or drawing man-made textile
filaments...........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

No.............

3.7%2/

8448.20.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.3%2/

10

90

Of texturing machines..............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Parts and accessories of machines of heading 8445 or of
their auxiliary machinery:

8448.31.00

00

Card clothing....................................................................

No.

m2..............

3.3%2/

8448.32.00

10

90
00

8448.33.00

Of machines for preparing textile fibers, other than
card clothing.....................................................................
Of cotton gins............................................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Spindles, spindle flyers, spinning rings and ring
travellers...........................................................................

No.............

3.3%2/

8448.39
8448.39.10

00

Other:

Parts of spinning, doubling or twisting machines...

No.............

8448.39.50

00

Parts of winding or reeling machines.....................

No.............

Free2/

3.7%2/

8448.39.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

40%

40%

40%

40%

45%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8448 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-63

2

Auxiliary machinery for use with machines of heading 8444,
8445, 8446 or 8447 (for example, dobbies, Jacquards,
automatic stop motions and shuttle changing mechanisms);
parts and accessories suitable for use solely or principally with
the machines of this heading or of heading 8444, 8445, 8446
or 8447 (for example, spindles and spindle flyers, card clothing,
combs, extruding nipples, shuttles, healds and heald-frames,
hosiery needles): (con.)

Parts and accessories of weaving machines (looms) or of
their auxiliary machinery:

8448.42.00

00

Reeds for looms, healds and heald-frames..................

No.............

3.7%2/

8448.49
8448.49.10

00

8448.49.20

00

8448.51

Other:

Shuttles......................................................................

No.............

3.7%2/

Other..........................................................................
Parts and accessories of machines of heading 8447 or of
their auxiliary machinery:

Sinkers, needles and other articles used in forming
stitches:

Needles for knitting machines:

No.............

Free2/

8448.51.10

00

Latch needles.....................................................

thousands.

8448.51.20

00

Spring-beard needles........................................

thousands.

8448.51.30

00

Other...................................................................

thousands.

8448.51.50
8448.59
8448.59.10

00

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Other:

Parts of knitting machines.......................................

No.............

8448.59.50

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free3/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

8449.00

Machinery for the manufacture or finishing of felt or nonwovens
in the piece or in shapes, including machinery for making felt
hats; blocks for making hats; parts thereof:

8449.00.10

00

Finishing machinery and parts thereof................................

No.............

2.6%2/

8449.00.50

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

$2/1,000 +

60%

$1.50/1,000 +

50%

$1.15/1,000 +

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-64

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8450

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Household- or laundry-type washing machines, including
machines which both wash and dry; parts thereof:

Machines, each of a dry linen capacity not exceeding
10 kg:

8450.11.00

Fully automatic machines...............................................

..................

1.4%14/

10

40

80
00

8450.12.00

Coin operated............................................................

No.

Other:

Top Loading.......................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other machines with built-in centrifugal dryer.............

No.
No.............

2.6%

8450.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

1.8%

8450.20.00

Machines, each of a dry linen capacity exceeding 10 kg...

..................

1%14/

10

40

80

00

8450.90
8450.90.20

Coin operated..................................................................

No.

Other:

Top Loading..............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Parts:

Tubs and tub assemblies...............................................

No.............

2.6%15/

8450.90.40

00

Furniture designed to receive the machines of
subheadings 8450.11 through 8450.20, inclusive......

No.............

2.6%2/

8450.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2.6%15/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8451

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-65

2

Machinery (other than machines of heading 8450) for washing,
cleaning, wringing, drying, ironing, pressing (including fusing
presses), bleaching, dyeing, dressing, finishing, coating or
impregnating textile yarns, fabrics or made up textile articles
and machines for applying the paste to the base fabric or other
support used in the manufacture of floor coverings such as
linoleum; machines for reeling, unreeling, folding, cutting or
pinking textile fabrics; parts thereof:

8451.10.00

00

Dry-cleaning machines..........................................................

No.............

8451.21.00

Each of a dry linen capacity not exceeding 10 kg.......

..................

Drying machines:

Free3/

3.4%3/

10

90

10

90
00

8451.29.00

8451.30.00

Coin operated............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

2.6%3/

For drying made up articles.....................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Ironing machines and presses (including fusing
presses)..................................................................................

No.............

Free3/

8451.40.00

00

Washing, bleaching or dyeing machines.............................

No.............

3.5%3/

8451.50.00

00

Machines for reeling, unreeling, folding, cutting or pinking
textile fabrics...........................................................................

No.............

Free3/

8451.80.00

00

Other machinery.....................................................................

No.............

3.5%3/

35%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

40%

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-66

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8451 (con.)

8451.90
8451.90.30

00

Machinery (other than machines of heading 8450) for washing,
cleaning, wringing, drying, ironing, pressing (including fusing
presses), bleaching, dyeing, dressing, finishing, coating or
impregnating textile yarns, fabrics or made up textile articles
and machines for applying the paste to the base fabric or other
support used in the manufacture of floor coverings such as
linoleum; machines for reeling, unreeling, folding, cutting or
pinking textile fabrics; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Drying chambers for the drying machines of
subheading 8451.21 or 8451.29, and other parts of
drying machines incorporating drying chambers.........

No.............

3.5%3/

8451.90.60

00

Furniture designed to receive the drying machines of
subheading 8451.21 or 8451.29...................................

No.............

3.5%3/

8451.90.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.5%3/

10

20

90

Of machines for washing, dry-cleaning, ironing,
pressing or drying made up textile articles or of
other household or laundry type machines............

No.

Other:

Of machines for bleaching, dyeing, washing
or cleaning..........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-67

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8452

8452.10.00

10

90

00

00

00

8452.21
8452.21.10

8452.21.90
8452.29
8452.29.10

Sewing machines, other than book-sewing machines of
heading 8440; furniture, bases and covers specially designed
for sewing machines; sewing machine needles; parts thereof:
Sewing machines of the household type.............................
Valued not over $20 each...............................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other6/...............................................................................

No.

Other sewing machines:
Automatic units:

Specially designed to join footwear soles to
uppers........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Other:

Specially designed to join footwear soles to
uppers........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8452.29.90
8452.30.00

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Sewing machine needles......................................................

No.............
thousands.

Free3/
Free2/

8452.90

8452.90.10

00

Furniture, bases and covers for sewing machines, and
parts thereof; other parts of sewing machines:

Furniture, bases and covers for sewing machines, and
parts thereof.....................................................................

No.............

2.5%2/

8452.90.20

10

90

8453

8453.10.00

00

Other parts of sewing machines....................................
Of household machines...........................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Machinery for preparing, tanning or working hides, skins or
leather or for making or repairing footwear or other articles of
hides, skins or leather, other than sewing machines; parts
thereof:

Machinery for preparing, tanning or working hides, skins
or leather.................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8453.20.00

00

Machinery for making or repairing footwear.......................

No.............

8453.80.00

00

Other machinery.....................................................................

No.............

8453.90
8453.90.10

00

Parts:

Of machinery for making or repairing footwear...........

No.............

8453.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free

30%

Free

30%
42%

20%

30%

35%

Free

35%

Free

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

30%

30%

30%
30%5/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-68

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8454

8454.10.00

00

Converters, ladles, ingot molds and casting machines, of a
kind used in metallurgy or in metal foundries, and parts thereof:
Converters..............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

8454.20.00

Ingot molds and ladles...........................................................

..................

Free3/

10

60

80

10

90

30

60
70

80

00

8454.30.00

8454.90.00

8455
8455.10.00

Ingot molds:

For steel ingots.........................................................

Other..........................................................................

Ladles...............................................................................
Casting machines...................................................................
Die casting machines......................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
kg
..................
No.

Other.................................................................................
Parts........................................................................................

No.
..................

Of casting machines:

Of die casting machines..........................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Of ingot molds..................................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.
No.

No.

Metal-rolling mills and rolls therefor; parts thereof:

Tube mills................................................................................

No.............

Other rolling mills:

8455.21.00

00

Hot or combination hot and cold....................................

No.............

8455.22.00
8455.30.00

00

Cold...................................................................................
Rolls for rolling mills...............................................................

No.............
..................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

05

15

25

35

45

55

65

75

85

Gray iron:

Not exceeding 2,268 kg...........................................

Exceeding 2,268 kg but not exceeding
6,803.9 kg..................................................................

Exceeding 6,803.9 kg..............................................

Cast steel:

Not exceeding 2,268 kg...........................................

Exceeding 2,268 kg but not exceeding
6,803.9 kg..................................................................

Exceeding 6,803.9 kg..............................................

Other:

Not exceeding 2,268 kg...........................................

Exceeding 2,268 kg but not exceeding
6,803.9 kg..................................................................

Exceeding 6,803.9 kg..............................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

8455.90
8455.90.40

00

Other parts:

Castings or weldments, individually weighing less than
90 tons, for the machines of heading 8455..................

kg..............

Free4/

8455.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

30%

30%5/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-69

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8456

8456.11
8456.11.10

Machine tools for working any material by removal of material,
by laser or other light or photon beam, ultrasonic,
electro-discharge, electro-chemical, electron-beam, ionic-beam
or plasma arc processes; water-jet cutting machines:

Operated by laser or other light or photon beam processes

Operated by laser:

For working metal.....................................................

..................

3.5%1/

10

50

Numerically controlled.......................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

8456.11.70

00

Other:

Of a kind used solely or principally for the
manufacture of printed circuits, printed circuit
assemblies, parts of heading 8517 or parts of
automatic data processing units......................

No.............

Free1/

8456.11.90

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

2.4%1/

8456.12
8456.12.10

Operated by other light or photon beam processes:

For working metal.....................................................

..................

3.5%1/

10

50

Numerically controlled.......................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

8456.12.70

00

Other:

Of a kind used solely or principally for the
manufacture of printed circuits, printed circuit
assemblies, parts of heading 8517 or parts of
automatic data processing...............................

No.............

Free1/

8456.12.90

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

2.4%1/

8456.20
8456.20.10

Operated by ultrasonic processes:

For working metal............................................................

..................

3.5%1/

10

50
00

8456.20.50

Numerically controlled..............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

2.4%1/

30%5/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-70

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8456 (con.)

8456.30
8456.30.10

20

50

70
00

10

90
00

8456.30.50

8456.40
8456.40.10

8456.40.90

Machine tools for working any material by removal of material,
by laser or other light or photon beam, ultrasonic,
electro-discharge, electro-chemical, electron-beam, ionic-beam
or plasma arc processes; water-jet cutting machines: (con.)

Operated by electro-discharge processes:

For working metal............................................................

..................

3.5%1/

Traveling wire (wire-cut) type..................................

No.

Other:

Numerically controlled.......................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

2.4%1/

Operated by plasma arc process:

For working metal............................................................

..................

3.5%1/

Numerically controlled..............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

2.2%1/

8456.50.00

00

Water-jet cutting machines...................................................

No.............

2.5%1/

8456.90
8456.90.31

00

Other:

For working metal............................................................

No.............

3.5%1/

8456.90.71

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2.2%1/

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

30%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8457

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Machining centers, unit construction machines (single station)
and multistation transfer machines, for working metal:

XVI
84-71

2

8457.10.00

Machining centers..................................................................

..................

4.2%1/

05

Used or rebuilt.................................................................

No.

Other:

With automatic tool changers

15

25

55

60

65
70
75

10

90

10

90

8457.20.00

8457.30.00

Vertical-spindle machines with a Y-axis travel
of--

Not over 660 mm.........................................

No.

Over 660 mm...............................................

No.

Horizontal-spindle machines with a Y-axis
travel of--

Not over 685 mm.........................................

No.

Over 685 mm but not over 1,016 mm.......

No.

Over 1,016 mm...........................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Unit construction machines (single station)........................

No.
No.
No.
..................

3.3%1/

Numerically controlled....................................................

No.

Other.................................................................................
Multistation transfer machines..............................................

No.
..................

3.3%1/

Numerically controlled....................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-72

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8458

Lathes (including turning centers) for removing metal:

Horizontal lathes:

8458.11.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%1/

8458.19.00

05

10

30

50

90

10

20

30

50

70
90

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other:

Multiple spindle..................................................

No.

Other:

With a power rating of less than
18.65 kW......................................................

With a power rating of 18.65 kW or greater
but not exceeding 37.3 kW........................

No.

No.

With a power rating exceeding 37.3 kW....
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other:

Engine or toolroom lathes.................................

No.

Automatic bar and/or chucking machines:

Single spindle..............................................

No.

Multiple spindle...........................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.

30%5/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

8458 (con.)

Lathes (including turning centers) for removing metal: (con.)

XVI
84-73

2

8458.91
8458.91.10

8458.91.50

8458.99
8458.99.10

8458.99.50

40

60

80

40

50

70

10

50

30

60

90

Other lathes:

Numerically controlled:

Vertical turret lathes.................................................

..................

4.2%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other:

Multiple spindle...........................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other:

Multiple spindle...........................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

Vertical turret lathes.................................................

..................

4.2%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each....................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-74

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8459

8459.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools (including way-type unit head machines) for
drilling, boring, milling, threading or tapping by removing metal,
other than lathes (including turning centers) of heading 8458:
Way-type unit head machines..............................................

No.............

3.3%1/

8459.21.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.2%1/

Other drilling machines:

8459.29.00

40

80

10

20

40

50

70

90

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.2%3/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other:

Multiple spindle..................................................

No.

Other:

Radial...........................................................

No.

Upright, excluding sensitive (hand-
directed), turret and deep-hole
machines......................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

8459.31.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.2%1/

Other boring-milling machines:

8459.39.00

05

10

40
70

10

20

40

50

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other:

Horizontal spindle

Table type, excluding planer type.............

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.
..................

4.2%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other:

Horizontal spindle..............................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8459 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-75

2

Machine tools (including way-type unit head machines) for
drilling, boring, milling, threading or tapping by removing metal,
other than lathes (including turning centers) of heading 8458:
(con.)

Other boring machines:

8459.41.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.2%1/

8459.49.00

10

20

30

90

10

20

30

90

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other:

Vertical................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.2%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other:

Vertical................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

8459.51.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.2%1/

Milling machines, knee type:

8459.59.00

40

80

10

20

30

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.2%3/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-76

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8459 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools (including way-type unit head machines) for
drilling, boring, milling, threading or tapping by removing metal,
other than lathes (including turning centers) of heading 8458:
(con.)

Other milling machines:

8459.61.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.2%1/

40

80

10

20

50

70

90

00

8459.69.00

8459.70
8459.70.40

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.2%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other:

Profile, duplicating or die sinking.....................

No.

Bed type..............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other threading or tapping machines:

Numerically controlled....................................................

No.............

4.2%1/

8459.70.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

4.2%1/

40

60

80

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8460

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-77

2

Machine tools for deburring, sharpening, grinding, honing,
lapping, polishing or otherwise finishing metal or cermets by
means of grinding stones, abrasives or polishing products,
other than gear cutting, gear grinding or gear finishing
machines of heading 8461:

Flat-surface grinding machines:

8460.12.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%1/

8460.19.01

8460.22.00

8460.23.00

8460.24.00

8460.29.01

40

80

05

10

50

40

80

40

55

65

75

05

80

05

10

30

50

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other:

Reciprocating-table type...................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other grinding machines:

Centerless grinding machines, numerically
controlled..........................................................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other cylindrical grinding machines, numerically
controlled..........................................................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other:

External cylindrical, including universal..........

No.

Internal cylindrical..............................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other, numerically controlled.........................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other:

External cylindrical, including universal..........

No.

Internal cylindrical..............................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH,

30%

CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-78

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8460 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools for deburring, sharpening, grinding, honing,
lapping, polishing or otherwise finishing metal or cermets by
means of grinding stones, abrasives or polishing products,
other than gear cutting, gear grinding or gear finishing
machines of heading 8461: (con.)

Sharpening (tool or cutter grinding) machines:

8460.31.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%1/

8460.39.00

8460.40
8460.40.40

8460.40.80

8460.90
8460.90.40

8460.90.80

40

80

10

20

50

10

60

10

20

80

10

60

10

20

80

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%3/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Honing or lapping machines:

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-79

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8461

8461.20
8461.20.40

00

Machine tools for planing, shaping, slotting, broaching, gear
cutting, gear grinding or gear finishing, sawing, cutting-off and
other machine tools working by removing metal or cermets,
not elsewhere specified or included:
Shaping or slotting machines:

Numerically controlled....................................................

No.............

4.4%1/

8461.20.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

4.4%1/

8461.30
8461.30.40

8461.30.80

8461.40
8461.40.10

8461.40.50

30

70

90

20

60

20

40

80

10

20

30

40

60

20

40

50

70

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Broaching machines:

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Gear cutting, gear grinding or gear finishing machines:

Gear cutting machines....................................................

..................

5.8%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other:

For bevel gears..................................................

No.

Other:

Gear hobbers...............................................

No.

Gear shapers...............................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Gear grinding or finishing machines.............................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other:

For bevel gears..................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

30%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.9% (JP)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-80

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8461 (con.)

8461.50
8461.50.40

8461.50.80

8461.90
8461.90.30

8461.90.60

10

50

10

20

90

20

40

60

80

10

20

30

40

50

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools for planing, shaping, slotting, broaching, gear
cutting, gear grinding or gear finishing, sawing, cutting-off and
other machine tools working by removing metal or cermets,
not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Sawing or cutting-off machines:

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%3/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%1/

Planing machines:

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Planing machines:

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each....................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each....................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8462

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-81

2

Machine tools (including presses) for working metal by forging,
hammering or die forging (excluding rolling mills); machine
tools (including presses, slitting lines and cut-to-length lines)
for working metal by bending, folding, straightening, flattening,
shearing, punching, notching or nibbling (excluding
drawbenches); presses for working metal or metal carbides,
not specified above:

Hot forming machines for forging, die forging (including
presses) and hot hammers:

8462.11.00

Closed die forging machines..........................................

..................

4.4%1/

8462.19.00

10

30

35

55

10

30

35

55

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other:

Headers and upsetters, including cold
headers...............................................................

No.

Mechanical transfer presses............................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other:

Headers and upsetters, including cold
headers...............................................................

No.

Mechanical transfer presses............................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-82

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8462 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools (including presses) for working metal by forging,
hammering or die forging (excluding rolling mills); machine
tools (including presses, slitting lines and cut-to-length lines)
for working metal by bending, folding, straightening, flattening,
shearing, punching, notching or nibbling (excluding
drawbenches); presses for working metal or metal carbides,
not specified above: (con.)

Bending, folding, straightening or flattening machines
(including press brakes) for flat products:

8462.22.00

Profile forming machines................................................

..................

4.4%16/

8462.23.00

8462.24.00

8462.25.00

8462.26.00

10

20

50

10

20

50

10

20

50

10

20

50

10

20

50

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Numerically controlled press brakes.............................

No.
..................

4.4%16/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Numerically controlled panel benders...........................

No.
..................

4.4%16/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Numerically controlled roll forming machines..............

No.
..................

4.4%16/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other numerically controlled bending, folding,
straightening or flattening machines.............................

..................

4.4%16/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8462 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-83

2

Machine tools (including presses) for working metal by forging,
hammering or die forging (excluding rolling mills); machine
tools (including presses, slitting lines and cut-to-length lines)
for working metal by bending, folding, straightening, flattening,
shearing, punching, notching or nibbling (excluding
drawbenches); presses for working metal or metal carbides,
not specified above: (con.)

Bending, folding, straightening or flattening machines
(including press brakes) for flat products: (con.)

8462.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

4.4%16/

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

40

80

10

20

50

40

80

10

20

50

8462.32
8462.32.10

8462.32.50

8462.33.00

8462.39.00

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other:

Press brakes......................................................

No.

Bending rolls.......................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Slitting lines, cut-to-length lines and other shearing
machines (excluding presses) for flat products, other than
combined punching and shearing machines:
Slitting lines and cut-to-length lines:

Numerically controlled..............................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each....................

No.

Other...................................................................
Numerically controlled shearing machines...................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-84

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8462 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools (including presses) for working metal by forging,
hammering or die forging (excluding rolling mills); machine
tools (including presses, slitting lines and cut-to-length lines)
for working metal by bending, folding, straightening, flattening,
shearing, punching, notching or nibbling (excluding
drawbenches); presses for working metal or metal carbides,
not specified above: (con.)

Punching, notching or nibbling machines (excluding
presses) for flat products including combined punching
and shearing machines:

8462.42.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%16/

8462.49.00

40

80

10

20

50

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%16/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Machines for working tube, pipe, hollow section and bar
(excluding presses):

No.

8462.51.00

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%16/

8462.59.00

40

80

10

20

50

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%16/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-85

2

Machine tools (including presses) for working metal by forging,
hammering or die forging (excluding rolling mills); machine
tools (including presses, slitting lines and cut-to-length lines)
for working metal by bending, folding, straightening, flattening,
shearing, punching, notching or nibbling (excluding
drawbenches); presses for working metal or metal carbides,
not specified above: (con.)

Cold metal working presses:
Hydraulic presses:

Numerically controlled..............................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Mechanical presses:

Numerically controlled..............................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Servo-presses:

Numerically controlled..............................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each....................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8462 (con.)

8462.61
8462.61.40

8462.61.80

8462.62
8462.62.40

8462.62.50

8462.63
8462.63.40

8462.63.80

30

60

30

90

10

30

30

90

10

30

10

20

60

XVI
84-86

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8462 (con.)

8462.69
8462.69.40

8462.69.80

8462.90
8462.90.40

8462.90.80

10

30

10

20

60

10

30

10

20

60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools (including presses) for working metal by forging,
hammering or die forging (excluding rolling mills); machine
tools (including presses, slitting lines and cut-to-length lines)
for working metal by bending, folding, straightening, flattening,
shearing, punching, notching or nibbling (excluding
drawbenches); presses for working metal or metal carbides,
not specified above: (con.)

Cold metal working presses: (con.)

Other:

Numerically controlled..............................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each....................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Numerically controlled....................................................

..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt...........................................................

No.

Other, valued under $3,025 each...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8463

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Other machine tools for working metal or cermets, without
removing material:

XVI
84-87

2

8463.10.00

Drawbenches for bars, tubes, profiles, wire or the like......

..................

4.4%1/

8463.20.00

8463.30.00

8463.90.00

40

60

80

40

60

80

40

60

80

40

60

80

Used or rebuilt.................................................................

Other, valued under $3,025 each..................................

No.

No.

Other.................................................................................
Thread rolling machines........................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt.................................................................

Other, valued under $3,025 each..................................

No.

No.

Other.................................................................................
Machines for working wire....................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt.................................................................

Other, valued under $3,025 each..................................

No.

No.

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
..................

4.4%1/

Used or rebuilt.................................................................

Other, valued under $3,025 each..................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

No.

8464

Machine tools for working stone, ceramics, concrete,
asbestos-cement or like mineral materials or for cold working
glass:

8464.10.01

00

Sawing machines...................................................................

No.............

8464.20.01

Grinding or polishing machines............................................

..................

Free4/

2%1/

8464.90.01

10

20

10

20

Glass-working machines................................................

No.

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
..................

2%1/

Glass-working machines................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-88

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8465

8465.10.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools (including machines for nailing, stapling, glueing
or otherwise assembling) for working wood, cork, bone, hard
rubber, hard plastics or similar hard materials:

Machines which can carry out different types of machining
operations without tool change between such
operations...............................................................................

..................

2.4%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

05

15

25

35
45
50

00

Woodworking machines:
Used or rebuilt:

Tenoners.............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Tenoners:

Numerically controlled................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.
No.

Machining centers:

For sawing, planing, milling, molding, grinding,
sanding, polishing, drilling or mortising.........................

No.............

3%3/

8465.20
8465.20.10

8465.20.50

00

For bending or assembling.............................................

No.............

2.9%3/

8465.20.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2.4%3/

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8465 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-89

2

Machine tools (including machines for nailing, stapling, glueing
or otherwise assembling) for working wood, cork, bone, hard
rubber, hard plastics or similar hard materials: (con.)

Other:

8465.91.00

Sawing machines............................................................

..................

3%3/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Woodworking machines:
Used or rebuilt:

Rip saws.......................................................

No.

Panel saws...................................................

No.

Band saws...................................................

No.

Cross-cut and optimizing saws.................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

Sawmill machines.......................................

No.

Other:

Radial arm saws...................................

No.

Tilting arbor table saws.......................

No.

Rip saws................................................

No.

Miter saws.............................................

No.

Scroll saws............................................

No.

Panel saws:

Valued under $3,000 each...........

No.

Other...............................................

No.

Band saws:

Valued under $1,000 each...........

No.

Other...............................................
Cross-cut and optimizing saws...........

Other......................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

No.
No.

02

06

12

16

22

27

32

36

41

47

49

53

58

64

68
74

78
91

XVI
84-90

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8465 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools (including machines for nailing, stapling, glueing
or otherwise assembling) for working wood, cork, bone, hard
rubber, hard plastics or similar hard materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

8465.92.00

Planing, milling or molding (by cutting) machines.......

..................

3%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

For woodworking:
Used or rebuilt

Moulders......................................................

No.

Routers.........................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

Dovetailing machines:

Valued under $3,000 each..................

No.

Other......................................................
Moulders......................................................

No.
No.

Planers:

Valued under $1,000 each..................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Jointers:

Valued under $1,000 each..................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Routers:

Valued under $3,000 each..................

No.

Other:

Numerically controlled..................

No.

Other...............................................

No.

Shapers and profilers:

Valued under $1,000 each..................

No.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.
No.

03

06

16

26

29
31

34

37

42

46

51

55

58

62

66
72
91

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8465 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-91

2

Machine tools (including machines for nailing, stapling, glueing
or otherwise assembling) for working wood, cork, bone, hard
rubber, hard plastics or similar hard materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

8465.93.00

Grinding, sanding or polishing machines.....................

..................

3%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8465.94.00

04

12

30

45

55
65

75
91

05

15

25

35

45

55
65
91

For woodworking:

Used or rebuilt:

Belt sanders, for a belt width 60 cm or
wider.............................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

Edge belt sanders:

Valued under $1,000 each..................

No.

Valued $1,000 or over but under
$3,000 each..........................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Belt sanders, for a belt width 60 cm or
wider.............................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Bending or assembling machines.................................

No.
No.
..................

2.9%1/

For woodworking:

Used or rebuilt....................................................

No.

Other:

Doweling machines.....................................

No.

Edgebanding machines..............................

No.

Laminating machines..................................

No.

Presses:

Cold........................................................

No.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.
No.

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-92

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8465 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machine tools (including machines for nailing, stapling, glueing
or otherwise assembling) for working wood, cork, bone, hard
rubber, hard plastics or similar hard materials: (con.)

Other: (con.)

8465.95.00

Drilling or mortising machines........................................

..................

3%4/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

05

10

20

35

45

55

60
65
91

15

25

30

40
51

10

20

30
50

8465.96.00

8465.99.02

For woodworking:

Used or rebuilt:

Numerically controlled boring machines...

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

Boring machines:

Numerically controlled.........................

No.

Other:

Valued under $3,000 each...........

No.

Other...............................................

No.

Other drilling machines:

Valued under $1,000 each..................

No.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Splitting, slicing or paring machines.............................

No.
No.
No.
..................

2.4%2/

For woodworking:

Log splitters........................................................

No.

Chippers.............................................................

No.

Hogs....................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.
..................

2.4%1/

Woodworking machines:

Debarkers...........................................................

No.

Lathes.................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8466

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-93

2

Parts and accessories suitable for use solely or principally with
the machines of headings 8456 to 8465, including work or tool
holders, self-opening dieheads, dividing heads and other
special attachments for the machines; tool holders for any type
of tool for working in the hand:

8466.10.01

Tool holders and self-opening dieheads.............................

..................

3.9%1/

8466.20
8466.20.10

8466.20.80

10

30

75

10

90

20

35

40

65

Tool holders for forming-type or cutting-type dies.......

Holders for replaceable cutting or drill inserts..............

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

No.

Work holders:

For machine tools used in cutting gears.......................

..................

4.6%1/

Jigs and fixtures........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

3.7%1/

For metalworking machine tools:

Jigs and fixtures.................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other work holders:

Jigs and fixtures.................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

8466.30

Dividing heads and other special attachments for
machines:

8466.30.10

00

Dividing heads.................................................................

No.............

3.7%1/

8466.30.60

Machines...................................................................

..................

2.9%1/

Other special attachments

40

85
00

8466.30.80

For woodworking machines..............................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

8%4/

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-94

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8466 (con.)

8466.91
8466.91.10

00

8466.91.50
8466.92
8466.92.10

00

00

Parts and accessories suitable for use solely or principally with
the machines of headings 8456 to 8465, including work or tool
holders, self-opening dieheads, dividing heads and other
special attachments for the machines; tool holders for any type
of tool for working in the hand: (con.)

Other:

For machines of heading 8464:

Cast-iron parts not advanced beyond cleaning,
and machined only for the removal of fins, gates,
sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing
machinery..................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

For machines of heading 8465:

Cast-iron parts not advanced beyond cleaning,
and machined only for the removal of fins, gates,
sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing
machinery..................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

8466.92.50

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.7%1/

10%

35%

10%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

8466.93
8466.93.11

8466.93.15

10

90

00

30

60

Of woodworking machines...............................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

For machines of headings 8456 to 8461:

For water-jet cutting machines................................

No.............

Free1/

35%

Other:

Bed, base, table, head, tail, saddle, cradle,
cross slide, column, arm, saw arm, wheelhead,
tailstock, headstock, ram, frame, work-arbor
support, and C-frame castings, weldments or
fabrications:

Cast-iron parts not advanced beyond
cleaning, and machined only for the
removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers
or to permit location in finishing
machinery....................................................
For metalworking machine tools for
cutting, grinding or finishing gears......

Other......................................................

Other:

..................

Free3/

10%5/

kg

kg

8466.93.30

00

Of metalworking machine tools for
cutting gears.........................................

No.............

5.8%1/

8466.93.53

Other......................................................

..................

4.7%1/

40

85

Of metalworking machine tools for
grinding or finishing gears............

No.

Other...............................................

No.

45%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8466 (con.)

8466.93
(con.)

8466.93.60

30

60

8466.93.75

00

8466.93.96

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-95

2

Parts and accessories suitable for use solely or principally with
the machines of headings 8456 to 8465, including work or tool
holders, self-opening dieheads, dividing heads and other
special attachments for the machines; tool holders for any type
of tool for working in the hand: (con.)

Other: (con.)

For machines of headings 8456 to 8461: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Cast-iron parts not advanced beyond
cleaning, and machined only for the
removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers
or to permit location in finishing
machinery....................................................
For metalworking machine tools for
cutting, grinding or finishing gears......

Other......................................................

Other:

..................

Free1/

10%

kg

kg

Of metalworking machine tools for
cutting gears.........................................

No.............

5.8%1/

Other:

Parts and accessories of machine
tools of subheadings 8456.11,
8456.12, 8456.30, 8457.10,
8458.91, 8459.21, 8459.61 and
8461.50, of a kind used solely or
principally for the manufacture of
printed circuits, printed circuit
assemblies, parts of heading 8517
or parts of automatic data
processing machines....................

No.............

Free1/

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

8466.93.98

Other...............................................

..................

4.7%1/

40

85

Of metalworking machine
tools for grinding or finishing
gears........................................

No.

Other........................................

No.

XVI
84-96

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8466 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts and accessories suitable for use solely or principally with
the machines of headings 8456 to 8465, including work or tool
holders, self-opening dieheads, dividing heads and other
special attachments for the machines; tool holders for any type
of tool for working in the hand: (con.)

Other: (con.)

8466.94

For machines of heading 8462 or 8463:

8466.94.20

00

Cast-iron parts not advanced beyond cleaning,
and machined only for the removal of fins, gates,
sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing
machinery:

Bed, base, table, column, cradle, frame,
bolster, crown, slide, rod, tailstock and
headstock castings, weldments or
fabrications.........................................................

kg..............

Free1/

8466.94.40

00

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

8466.94.65

8466.94.85

40

85

40

85

Other

Bed, base, table, column, cradle, frame,
bolster, crown, slide, rod, tailstock and
headstock castings, weldments or
fabrications.........................................................

..................

4.7%1/

Parts of mechanical transfer presses.......

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
..................

4.7%1/

Parts of mechanical transfer presses.......

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

10%

10%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8467

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Tools for working in the hand, pneumatic, hydraulic or with
self-contained electric or nonelectric motor, and parts thereof:

Pneumatic:

XVI
84-97

2

8467.11
8467.11.10

Rotary type (including combined rotary-percussion):
Suitable for metal working.......................................

..................

4.5%1/

Grinders, polishers and sanders......................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Rock drills...........................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Drills, other than rock drills; screwdrivers and
nut runners..........................................................

No.

Wrenches, other than nut runners...................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Suitable for metal working.......................................

No.............

4.5%2/

30%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free3/

27.5%

Pneumatic, hand-held force feed lubricating
equipment...........................................................

No.

Designed for use in construction or mining......

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

8467.11.50

8467.19
8467.19.10

8467.19.50

40

80

10

20

40

90

00

30

60

90

XVI
84-98

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8467 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tools for working in the hand, pneumatic, hydraulic or with
self-contained electric or nonelectric motor, and parts thereof:
(con.)

With self-contained electric motor:

8467.21.00

Drills of all kinds...............................................................

..................

1.7%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8467.22.00

8467.29.00

10

30

50
70

20

40

70

90

10

15

25

35
40

55

65

70

80

85

90

Rotary:

Battery powered.................................................

No.

Other:

With a chuck capacity of less than
12.7 mm.......................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other, including hammer drills................................
Saws.................................................................................
Circular......................................................................

No.
No.
..................
No.

Free

Chain..........................................................................

No.

Reciprocating and jig...............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

Free2/

Grinders, polishers and sanders:

Angle grinders, sanders and polishers............

No.

Orbital and straight-line sanders......................

No.

Other:

Belt sanders.................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Screwdrivers, nut-runners and impact
wrenches...................................................................

No.

Routers......................................................................

No.

Planers.......................................................................

No.

Grass and weed trimmers/edgers..........................

No.

Electropneumatic rotary and percussion
hammers....................................................................

No.

Electric scissors........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

8467.81.00

00

Chain saws.......................................................................

No.............

Other tools:

8467.89
8467.89.10

8467.89.50

00

30

60

90

Other:

Suitable for metal working.......................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................
Gasoline powered grass and weed trimmers
and brushcutters................................................

Other, designed for use in agriculture or
horticulture..........................................................

..................

Free2/

No.

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Free2/

Free2/

35%

35%

27.5%

30%

27.5%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8467 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Tools for working in the hand, pneumatic, hydraulic or with
self-contained electric or nonelectric motor, and parts thereof:
(con.)

Parts:

8467.91.01

00

Of chain saws..................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8467.92.00

8467.99.01

8468

50

90

30

90

Of pneumatic tools..........................................................
Of pneumatic, hand-held force feed lubricating
equipment..................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of gasoline powered grass and weed trimmers
and brushcutters.......................................................

..................

Free2/

No.

No.
..................

Free3/

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Machinery and apparatus for soldering, brazing or welding,
whether or not capable of cutting, other than those of heading
8515; gas-operated surface tempering machines and
appliances; parts thereof:

8468.10.00

00

Hand-held blow torches........................................................

No.............

2.9%2/

8468.20
8468.20.10

00

Other gas-operated machinery and apparatus:

Hand-directed or -controlled..........................................

No.............

3.9%3/

8468.20.50
8468.80
8468.80.10

00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Other machinery and apparatus:

Hand-directed or -controlled..........................................

No.............

Free1/

2.9%3/

8468.80.50
8468.90
8468.90.10

00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Parts:

Of hand-directed or -controlled machinery and
apparatus.........................................................................

No.............

2.9%3/

8468.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free3/

XVI
84-99

2

27.5%

27.5%

27.5%5/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%

45%

27.5%

45%

27.5%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-100

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8470

8470.10.00

40

60

Calculating machines and pocket-size data recording,
reproducing and displaying machines with calculating functions;
accounting machines, postage-franking machines,
ticket-issuing machines and similar machines, incorporating
a calculating device; cash registers:

Electronic calculators capable of operation without an
external source of electric power and pocket-size data
recording, reproducing and displaying machines with
calculating functions..............................................................
Display only......................................................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other.................................................................................

No.

Other electronic calculating machines:

Free3/

Free3/
Free3/

Free2/

Free3/

8470.21.00

00

Incorporating a printing device......................................

No.............

8470.29.00
8470.30.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Other calculating machines..................................................

No.............
No.............

8470.50.00

8470.90.01

8471

20

60

10

90

8471.30.01

00

8471.41.01

8471.49.00
8471.50.01

10

50
00

10

50

Cash registers........................................................................
Point-of-sale terminals....................................................

..................
No.

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Postage-franking machines...........................................

No.
..................
No.

Other.................................................................................

No.

Automatic data processing machines and units thereof;
magnetic or optical readers, machines for transcribing data
onto data media in coded form and machines for processing
such data, not elsewhere specified or included:

Portable automatic data processing machines, weighing
not more than 10 kg, consisting of at least a central
processing unit, a keyboard and a display..........................

Other automatic data processing machines:

Comprising in the same housing at least a central
processing unit and an input and output unit, whether
or not combined...............................................................
With cathode-ray tube (CRT)..................................

Other..........................................................................
Other, entered in the form of systems...........................
Processing units other than those of subheading 8471.41
or 8471.49, whether or not containing in the same housing
one or two of the following types of unit: storage units, input
units, output units...................................................................
With cathode-ray tube (CRT).........................................

No.............

Free

..................
No.

No.
No.............

Free2/

Free2/

..................
No.

Free3/

Other.................................................................................

No.

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-101

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8471 (con.)

8471.60

8471.60.10

10

50

8471.60.20

00

8471.60.70

00

8471.60.80

00

Automatic data processing machines and units thereof;
magnetic or optical readers, machines for transcribing data
onto data media in coded form and machines for processing
such data, not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Input or output units, whether or not containing storage
units in the same housing:

Combined input/output units..........................................
With cathode-ray tube (CRT)..................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Keyboards.................................................................

No.............

Free

Units suitable for physical incorporation into
automatic data processing machines or units
thereof........................................................................

Optical scanners and magnetic ink recognition
devices.......................................................................

No.............

Free3/

No.............

Free2/

8471.60.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free3/

30

50

Card key and magnetic media entry
devices................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

8471.70

Storage units:

Magnetic disk drive units:

8471.70.10

00

8471.70.20

00

For a disk of a diameter exceeding 21 cm:

Without read-write unit assembled therein;
read-write units entered separately.................

Units for physical incorporation into automatic
data processing machines or units thereof......

No.............

Free3/

No.............

Free3/

8471.70.30

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Other:

8471.70.40

8471.70.50

35

65

95

35

65

95

8471.70.60

00

8471.70.90
8471.80
8471.80.10

00

00

8471.80.40

00

Not assembled in cabinets, and without
attached external power supply.......................
Flexible (floppy) magnetic disk drive
units..............................................................

..................

Free1/

No.

Hard magnetic disk drive units..................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Flexible (floppy) magnetic disk drive
units..............................................................

No.
..................

Free3/

No.

Hard magnetic disk drive units..................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other storage units:

Not assembled in cabinets for placing on a table,
desk, wall, floor or similar place..............................

No.............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Other units of automatic data processing machines:

Control or adapter units..................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free3/

Other:

Units suitable for physical incorporation into
automatic data processing machines.....................

No.............

Free3/

8471.80.90
8471.90.00

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.............
No.............

Free3/
Free3/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

XVI
84-102

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8472

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other office machines (for example, hectograph or stencil
duplicating machines, addressing machines, automatic
banknote dispensers, coin-sorting machines, coin-counting or
wrapping machines, pencil-sharpening machines, perforating
or stapling machines):

8472.10.00

00

Duplicating machines............................................................

No.............

Free3/

8472.30.00

00

Machines for sorting or folding mail or for inserting mail in
envelopes or bands, machines for opening, closing or
sealing mail and machines for affixing or canceling postage
stamps.....................................................................................

No.............

1.8%3/

8472.90
8472.90.05

00

Other:

Addressing machines and address plate embossing
machines..........................................................................

No.............

Free3/

8472.90.10

00

Automatic teller machines..............................................

No.............

Free3/

8472.90.40

00

Pencil sharpeners............................................................

No.............

Free

8472.90.50

00

Typewriters other than printers of heading 8443; word
processing machines......................................................

No.............

Free2/

8472.90.60

00

Numbering, dating and check-writing machines.........

No.............

8472.90.90

40

60

80

Other.................................................................................
Desktop note counters and note scanners............

..................
No.

Other currency and coin handling machines.........

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Free3/

Free3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

35%

25%

35%

40%

35%

25%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-103

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8473

8473.21.00

00

8473.30.11

8473.30.20

40

80
00

8473.30.51

00

8473.30.91
8473.40
8473.40.10

00

00

8473.40.21

00

8473.40.41

00

Parts and accessories (other than covers, carrying cases and
the like) suitable for use solely or principally with machines of
headings 8470 to 8472:

Parts and accessories of the machines of heading 8470:
Of the electronic calculating machines of subheading
8470.10, 8470.21 or 8470.29........................................

8473.29.00
8473.30

00

Other.................................................................................
Parts and accessories of the machines of heading 8471:

Not incorporating a cathode ray tube:

Printed circuit assemblies........................................
Memory modules suitable for use solely or
principally with machines of heading 8471......

Other6/.................................................................
Parts and accessories, including face plates and
lock latches, of printed circuit assemblies.............

Other6/........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Parts and accessories of the machines of heading 8472:
Printed circuit assemblies for automatic teller machines
of subheading 8472.90.10.............................................

Printed circuit assemblies of word processing
machines of 8472.90.50.................................................

kg..............

Free3/

kg..............

Free3/

..................

Free3/

No.

No.

No.............

Free10/

No.............
No.............

Free8/
Free3/

No.............

Free1/

No.............

Free3/

8473.40.86
8473.50

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Parts and accessories equally suitable for use with
machines of two or more of the headings 8470 to 8472:

8473.50.30

00

Printed circuit assemblies..............................................

No.............

Free1/

8473.50.60

00

Parts and accessories, including face plates and lock
latches, of printed circuit assemblies............................

kg..............

Free4/

8473.50.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free4/

Other parts and accessories of the machines of
8472.90.50.......................................................................

kg..............

2%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

45%

45%

35%

35%

35%

35%

XVI
84-104

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8474

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machinery for sorting, screening, separating, washing,
crushing, grinding, mixing or kneading earth, stone, ores or
other mineral substances, in solid (including powder or paste)
form; machinery for agglomerating, shaping or molding solid
mineral fuels, ceramic paste, unhardened cements, plastering
materials or other mineral products in powder or paste form;
machines for forming foundry molds of sand; parts thereof:

8474.10.00

8474.20.00

10

90

10

50

70

Sorting, screening, separating or washing machines........
Portable............................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Stationary.........................................................................
Crushing or grinding machines.............................................
Portable............................................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Stationary:

Crushing....................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Mixing or kneading machines:

8474.31.00

00

Concrete or mortar mixers..............................................

No.............

Free1/

8474.32.00

00

8474.39.00
8474.80.00

00

8474.90.00

10

15
20

80

10

20

50

90

Machines for mixing mineral substances with
bitumen.............................................................................

Other.................................................................................
Other machinery.....................................................................
For agglomerating, shaping or molding solid mineral
fuels, ceramic paste, unhardened cements, plastering
materials or other mineral products in powder or paste
form:

Designed for use with ceramic paste, unhardened
cements and plastering materials...........................

Other..........................................................................
Machines for forming foundry molds of sand...............

No.............

Free1/

No.............
..................

Free1/
Free1/

No.

No.
No.

Other.................................................................................
Parts........................................................................................

No.
..................

Free1/

Of sorting, screening, separating or washing
machines..........................................................................

Of crushing or grinding machines.................................

Of mixing or kneading machines...................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

8475

8475.10.00

00

Machines for assembling electric or electronic lamps, tubes
or flashbulbs, in glass envelopes; machines for manufacturing
or hot working glass or glassware; parts thereof:

Machines for assembling electric or electronic lamps, tubes
or flashbulbs, in glass envelopes.........................................

8475.21.00

00

8475.29.00
8475.90
8475.90.10

00

00

Machines for manufacturing or hot working glass or
glassware:

Machines for making optical fibers and preforms
thereof...............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

No.............

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free4/

Parts:

Of machines for assembling electric or electronic
lamps, tubes or flashbulbs, in glass envelopes...........

No.............

Free1/

8475.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8476

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-105

2

Automatic goods-vending machines (for example, postage
stamp, cigarette, food or beverage machines), including
money-changing machines; parts thereof:

Automatic beverage-vending machines:

8476.21.00

00

Incorporating heating or refrigerating devices.............

No.............

8476.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Other machines:

8476.81.00

00

Incorporating heating or refrigerating devices.............

No.............

8476.89.00
8476.90.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Parts........................................................................................

No.............
No.............

8477

8477.10
8477.10.30

00

Machinery for working rubber or plastics or for the manufacture
of products from these materials, not specified or included
elsewhere in this chapter; parts thereof:

Injection-molding machines:

For manufacturing shoes................................................

No.............

8477.10.40

00

For use in the manufacture of optical media................

No.............

8477.10.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free2/
Free3/

Free1/

Free1/

3.1%1/

15

30

40

50

60

05

15

35

45

55

65
00

8477.20.00

8477.30.00

Of a type used for processing rubber or other
thermosetting materials...........................................

No.

Of a type used for processing thermoplastics:

With a clamp force less than 50 tons...............

No.

With a clamp force equal to or greater than
50 tons and less than 300 tons........................

With a clamp force equal to or greater than
300 tons and less than 750 tons......................

No.

No.

With a clamp force equal to or greater than
750 tons..............................................................
Extruders.................................................................................

No.
..................

3.1%1/

Of a type used for processing rubber or other
thermosetting materials:

Single screw..............................................................

No.

Other, including multiple screw...............................

No.

Of a type used for processing thermoplastics:

Single screw, with a screw size:

Less than 6.4 cm................................................

No.

6.4 cm or greater................................................

No.

Other, including multiple screw:

With a screw size less than 6.4 cm..................

No.

With a screw size 6.4 cm or greater................
Blow-molding machines........................................................

No.
No.............

3.1%1/

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

Free

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

XVI
84-106

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8477 (con.)

8477.40.01

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machinery for working rubber or plastics or for the manufacture
of products from these materials, not specified or included
elsewhere in this chapter; parts thereof: (con.)

Vacuum-molding machines and other thermoforming
machines.................................................................................

No.............

3.1%1/

8477.51.00

Other machinery for molding or otherwise forming:
For molding or retreading pneumatic tires or for
molding or otherwise forming inner tubes.....................

..................

3.1%1/

10

90
00

8477.59.01

For molding or retreading pneumatic tires.............

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

3.1%3/

8477.80.01

00

Other machinery.....................................................................

No.............

3.1%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-107

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8477 (con.)

8477.90
8477.90.25

40

80
01

8477.90.45

Machinery for working rubber or plastics or for the manufacture
of products from these materials, not specified or included
elsewhere in this chapter; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Base, bed, platen, clamp cylinder, ram, and injection
castings, weldments and fabrications...........................

..................

3.1%1/

Of machines of subheading 8477.10.30,
8477.10.40 or 8477.10.90.......................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Barrel screws...................................................................

No.
No.............

3.1%1/

8477.90.65

00

Hydraulic assemblies incorporating more than one of
the following: manifold; valves; pump; oil cooler..........

No.............

3.1%1/

8477.90.86

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.1%1/

01

20

30

40

95

10

90

10

90

8478

8478.10.00

8478.90.00

Of injection-molding machines................................

No.

Of extruders..............................................................

No.

Of blow-molding machines......................................

No.

Of machines for forming pneumatic tires...............

No.

Other parts................................................................

No.

Machinery for preparing or making up tobacco, not specified
or included elsewhere in this chapter; parts thereof:

Machinery...............................................................................
Industrial cigarette-making machines...........................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other.................................................................................
Parts........................................................................................
Parts of industrial cigarette-making machines.............

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Other.................................................................................

No.

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-108

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8479

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Machines and mechanical appliances having individual
functions, not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter;
parts thereof:

8479.10.00

Machinery for public works, building or the like..................

..................

Free1/

40

60
80
00

8479.20.00

8479.30.00

00

Concrete and bituminous pavers, finishers and
spreaders:

For concrete..............................................................

No.

For bituminous material...........................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.

Machinery for the extraction or preparation of animal or
fixed vegetable or microbial fats or oils...............................

No.............

Free1/

Presses for the manufacture of particle board or fiber
building board of wood or other ligneous materials and
other machinery for treating wood or cork...........................

No.............

Free1/

8479.40.00

00

Rope or cable-making machines..........................................

No.............

8479.50.00

00

Industrial robots, not elsewhere specified or included.......

No.............

Free1/

2.5%1/

8479.60.00

00

Evaporative air coolers..........................................................

No.............

2.8%3/

Passenger boarding bridges:

8479.71.00

00

Of a kind used in airports...............................................

No.............

8479.79.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free3/

Free2/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

40%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-109

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8479 (con.)

8479.81.00

00

8479.82.00

40

80
00

8479.83.00

Machines and mechanical appliances having individual
functions, not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter;
parts thereof: (con.)

Other machines and mechanical appliances:
For treating metal, including electric wire
coil-winders......................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Mixing, kneading, crushing, grinding, screening, sifting,
homogenizing, emulsifying or stirring machines..........
Mixing, kneading or stirring machines...................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Cold isostatic presses.....................................................

No.
No.............

2.5%17/

8479.89

Other:

8479.89.10

00

8479.89.20

00

8479.89.55

00

Electromechanical appliances with self-contained
electric motor:

Air humidifiers or dehumidifiers........................

No.............

Floor polishers....................................................

No.............

Trash compactors..............................................

No.............

Free3/

Free3/

2.8%2/

8479.89.65

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

2.8%2/

8479.89.70

00

8479.89.83

00

8479.89.92

00

Carpet sweepers......................................................

No.............

Free3/

Machines for the manufacturing of optical
media.........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Automated electronic component placement
machines of a kind used solely or principally for
the manufacture of printed circuit assemblies.......

No.............

Free1/

8479.89.95

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.5%19/

50

60

65

85

95

96

99

Oil and gas field wireline and downhole
equipment...........................................................

No.

Automotive maintenance machines.................

No.

Hydraulic accumulators....................................

No.

Ultrasonic cleaning devices..............................

No.

Industrial vibrators.............................................

No.

Tow behind sweepers.......................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

35%

35%

35%

40%

35%

40%

40%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S,
SG)18/

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-110

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8479 (con.)

8479.90
8479.90.41

00

8479.90.45

00

8479.90.55

00

8479.90.65

00

Machines and mechanical appliances having individual
functions, not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter;
parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Of articles of subheading 8479.89.10 or 8479.89.70..

No.............

Free2/

Of trash compactors:

Frame assemblies incorporating more than one of
the following: baseplate; side frames; power
screws; front plates..................................................

Ram assemblies incorporating a ram wrapper
and/or ram cover.......................................................

Container assemblies incorporating more than one
of the following: container bottom; container
wrapper; slide track; container front.......................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

Free9/
Free10/

8479.90.75

00

Cabinets or cases.....................................................

No.............

8479.90.85
8479.90.95

00

30

50

60

65

96

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Of industrial robots...................................................

No.............
..................
No.

Other:

Of machinery for public works, building or the
like.......................................................................

No.

Of presses for the manufacture of particle
board or fiber building board of wood or other
ligneous materials and other machinery for
treating wood or cork.........................................

Of machines or mechanical appliances for
treating metal......................................................

Other6/.................................................................

No.

No.

No.

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8480

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Molding boxes for metal foundry; mold bases; molding patterns;
molds for metal (other than ingot molds), metal carbides, glass,
mineral materials, rubber or plastics:

XVI
84-111

2

8480.10.00

00

Molding boxes for metal foundry..........................................

No.............

3.8%3/

8480.20.00

00

Mold bases.............................................................................

No.............

3.4%1/

8480.30.00

00

Molding patterns....................................................................

No.............

2.8%1/

8480.41.00

00

Injection or compression types......................................

No.............

3.1%1/

Molds for metal or metal carbides:

8480.49.00

Other types.......................................................................

..................

3.1%1/

8480.50.00

8480.60.00

10

90

10

90

10

90

Molds for centrifugal casting of ductile iron pipe....

No.

Other..........................................................................
Molds for glass.......................................................................
Injection or compression types......................................

No.
..................
No.

Other types.......................................................................
Molds for mineral materials...................................................
Injection or compression types......................................

No.
..................
No.

Free1/

Free2/

Other types.......................................................................

No.

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

50%

50%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-112

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8480 (con.)

8480.71
8480.71.10

00

Molding boxes for metal foundry; mold bases; molding patterns;
molds for metal (other than ingot molds), metal carbides, glass,
mineral materials, rubber or plastics: (con.)

Molds for rubber or plastics:

Injection or compression types:

For shoe machinery..................................................

No.............

8480.71.40

00

For the manufacture of semiconductor devices.....

No.............

8480.71.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

3.1%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8480.79
8480.79.10

8480.79.90

20

45

60

00

10

20

90

Temporarily imported for testing, calibration,
examination, repair or alteration; returned after
being exported for testing, calibration,
examination, repair or alteration.......................

No.

Other:

Injection type...............................................

No.

Compression type.......................................

No.

Other types:

Molds for shoe machinery.......................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free3/

3.1%3/

Blow molds.........................................................

No.

Bladder operated molds....................................

No.

Other molds........................................................

No.

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free

Free

35%

Free

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8481

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Taps, cocks, valves and similar appliances, for pipes, boiler
shells, tanks, vats or the like, including pressure-reducing
valves and thermostatically controlled valves; parts thereof:

XVI
84-113

2

8481.10.00

Pressure-reducing valves.....................................................

..................

2%1/

20

40

60

90

Hydraulic fluid power type..............................................

Pneumatic fluid power type:

Filter-regulators and filter-regulator-lubricators.....

Other..........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

8481.20.00

Valves for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions........

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg
..................

2%1/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

Hydraulic valves:

Directional control

Manual type........................................................

Solenoid type......................................................

Other...................................................................

Flow control type.......................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Directional control:

Solenoid type......................................................

Other...................................................................

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

XVI
84-114

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8481 (con.)

8481.30
8481.30.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Taps, cocks, valves and similar appliances, for pipes, boiler
shells, tanks, vats or the like, including pressure-reducing
valves and thermostatically controlled valves; parts thereof:
(con.)

Check (nonreturn) valves:

Of copper.........................................................................

..................

3%3/

10

90

Having a pressure rating under 850 kPa...............

Having a pressure rating of 850 kPa or over.........

8481.30.20

Of iron or steel.................................................................

10

90

Of iron........................................................................

Of steel.......................................................................

8481.30.90

00

Other.................................................................................

8481.40.00

00

Safety or relief valves............................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

5%1/

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.............
kg

3%1/

No.............
kg

2%1/

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-115

2

Taps, cocks, valves and similar appliances, for pipes, boiler
shells, tanks, vats or the like, including pressure-reducing
valves and thermostatically controlled valves; parts thereof:
(con.)

Other appliances:

Hand operated:

Of copper...................................................................

..................

4%3/

47%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Having a pressure rating under 850 kPa:

Bath and shower faucets............................

Sink and lavatory faucets...........................

Supply stops................................................

Other.............................................................

Having a pressure rating of 850 kPa or over:
Gate type......................................................

Globe type....................................................

Plug type......................................................

Ball type........................................................

Butterfly type................................................

Other.............................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8481 (con.)

8481.80

8481.80.10

20

30

40

50

60

70

75

85

90

95

XVI
84-116

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8481 (con.)

8481.80
(con.)

8481.80.30

10

15

20

25

30

40

55

60

65

70

75

90

40

60

90

8481.80.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Taps, cocks, valves and similar appliances, for pipes, boiler
shells, tanks, vats or the like, including pressure-reducing
valves and thermostatically controlled valves; parts thereof:
(con.)

Other appliances: (con.)

Hand operated: (con.)

Of iron or steel...........................................................

..................

5.6%3/

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8% (JP)

Of iron:

Gate type......................................................

Globe type....................................................

Plug type......................................................

Ball type........................................................

Butterfly type................................................

Other.............................................................

Of steel:

Gate type......................................................

Globe type....................................................

Plug type......................................................

Ball type........................................................

Butterfly type................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Other.............................................................

Of other materials.....................................................

No.
kg
..................

3%3/

Pressure spray can valves................................

Bath, shower, sink and lavatory faucets.........

Other...................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8481 (con.)

8481.80
(con.)
8481.80.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-117

2

Taps, cocks, valves and similar appliances, for pipes, boiler
shells, tanks, vats or the like, including pressure-reducing
valves and thermostatically controlled valves; parts thereof:
(con.)

Other appliances: (con.)

Other.................................................................................

..................

2%3/

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

25
30

35

40
45

50

Solenoid valves.........................................................

No.

Ballcock mechanisms..............................................

No.

Regulator valves, self-operating, for controlling
variables such as temperature, pressure, flow and
liquid level..................................................................

No.

Other:

With electrical or electro-hydraulic actuators:
Control valves designed for proportional
operation by a signal from a control
device...........................................................

Other.............................................................
With hydraulic actuators...................................

With pneumatic actuators:

Control valves designed for proportional
operation by a signal from a control
device...........................................................

Other.............................................................
With thermostatic actuators..............................

No.

No.
No.

No.

No.
No.

Other...................................................................

No.

XVI
84-118

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8481 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Taps, cocks, valves and similar appliances, for pipes, boiler
shells, tanks, vats or the like, including pressure-reducing
valves and thermostatically controlled valves; parts thereof:
(con.)

8481.90

Parts:

8481.90.10

00

Of copper...................................................................

kg..............

3%2/

Of hand operated and check appliances:

8481.90.30

00

Of iron or steel...........................................................

kg..............

5%2/

8481.90.50

00

Of other materials.....................................................

kg..............

3%2/

8481.90.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free10/

20

40

60

81

85

Of valves of subheading 8481.20:

Valve bodies6/.....................................................

Other6/.................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Valve bodies.......................................................

kg

Other:

Steel forgings...............................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

47%

45%

45%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Ball or roller bearings, and parts thereof:

Ball bearings:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-119

2

Ball bearings with integral shafts...................................

..................

2.4%3/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8482
8482.10
8482.10.10

35%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

67%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40

80

Bearings having an outside diameter not over
30 mm........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

8482.10.50

Other.................................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

9%1/

04

08

12

16

24

28

32

36

44

48

52

56

60

64

68

Unground bearings...................................................

No.

Other:

Thrust bearings..................................................

Linear bearings..................................................

Angular contact bearings:

Wheel hub bearings units:

Flanged..................................................

Other......................................................

Other.............................................................

Radial bearings:

Single row bearings:

Maximum or full capacity type............

Other bearings, having an outside
diameter of:

Under 9 mm...................................

9 mm and over but not over
30 mm.............................................

Over 30 mm but not over
52 mm.............................................

Over 52 mm but not over
100 mm...........................................

Over 100 mm.................................

Double row ball bearings............................

Other.............................................................

Other...................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

XVI
84-120

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8482 (con.)
8482.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ball or roller bearings, and parts thereof: (con.)

Tapered roller bearings, including cone and tapered roller
assemblies..............................................................................

..................

5.8%1/

67%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Cup and cone assemblies entered as a set:

Wheel hub units:

Flanged...............................................................

Other...................................................................

Other:

With cups having an outside diameter not
exceeding 102 mm............................................

With cups having an outside diameter
exceeding 102 mm but not exceeding 203
mm.......................................................................

With cups having an outside diameter
exceeding 203 mm but not exceeding 305
mm.......................................................................

Other...................................................................

Cone assemblies entered separately:

For cups having an outside diameter not exceeding
102 mm......................................................................

For cups having an outside diameter exceeding
102 mm but not exceeding 203 mm.......................

Other..........................................................................

20

30

40

61

64

67

70

81

90

8482.30.00

Spherical roller bearings.......................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
..................

5.8%1/

67%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40

80

Single row.........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

8482.40.00

00

Needle roller bearings, including cage and needle roller
assemblies..............................................................................

No.............
kg

5.8%1/

67%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-121

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8482 (con.)
8482.50.00

00

Ball or roller bearings, and parts thereof: (con.)

Other cylindrical roller bearings, including cage and roller
assemblies..............................................................................

No.............
kg

5.8%1/

67%

67%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8482.80.00

Other, including combined ball/roller bearings...................

..................

5.8%1/

20

40

60

80

Combined ball and spherical roller bearings................

Combined ball and needle roller bearings....................

Combined ball and other cylindrical roller bearings.....

Other.................................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Parts:

8482.91.00

Balls, needles and rollers...............................................

..................

4.4%1/

10

15

30
40

50

70

80

90

Balls:

Of alloy steel.......................................................

kg

Of copper or copper alloys as described in
statistical note 6 to this chapter........................

Other...................................................................
Needles......................................................................

Tapered rollers..........................................................

Spherical rollers........................................................

Other cylindrical rollers............................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
84-122

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8482 (con.)

Ball or roller bearings, and parts thereof: (con.)

8482.99

Parts: (con.)
Other:

8482.99.05

00

For ball bearings................................................

Inner or outer rings or races:

No.............
kg

9.9%1/

8482.99.15

For tapered roller bearings...............................

..................

5.8%1/

8482.99.25

50

70

80

20

40

60

80

Cups:

Having an outside diameter not
exceeding 203 mm...............................

Other......................................................

Other.............................................................

Other...................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg
..................

5.8%1/

For spherical roller bearings......................

For needle bearings....................................

For other cylindrical roller bearings...........

Other.............................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

67%

67%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

67%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

8482 (con.)

Ball or roller bearings, and parts thereof: (con.)

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-123

2

8482.99
(con.)

8482.99.35

00

Parts: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Parts of ball bearings (including parts of ball
bearings with integral shafts)...........................

kg..............

9.9%1/

8482.99.45

00

Parts of tapered roller bearings........................

kg..............

5.8%1/

8482.99.65

Other...................................................................

..................

5.8%1/

67%

67%

67%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8483

8483.10

8483.10.10

10

30

60

95

10

30

50

For spherical roller bearings......................

For needle bearings....................................

For other cylindrical roller bearings...........

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Transmission shafts (including camshafts and crankshafts)
and cranks; bearing housings, housed bearings and plain shaft
bearings; gears and gearing; ball or roller screws; gear boxes
and other speed changers, including torque converters;
flywheels and pulleys, including pulley blocks; clutches and
shaft couplings (including universal joints); parts thereof:

Transmission shafts (including camshafts and crankshafts)
and cranks:

Camshafts and crankshafts:

Designed for use solely or principally with
spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines
or rotary engines.......................................................

..................

2.5%3/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

For vehicles of chapter 87:

For motorcycles...........................................

Other.............................................................

Other...................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

XVI
84-124

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8483 (con.)

8483.10
(con.)

8483.10.30

8483.10.50
8483.20
8483.20.40

8483.20.80

10

50

00

40

80

40

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Transmission shafts (including camshafts and crankshafts)
and cranks; bearing housings, housed bearings and plain shaft
bearings; gears and gearing; ball or roller screws; gear boxes
and other speed changers, including torque converters;
flywheels and pulleys, including pulley blocks; clutches and
shaft couplings (including universal joints); parts thereof: (con.)
Transmission shafts (including camshafts and crankshafts)
and cranks: (con.)

Camshafts and crankshafts: (con.)

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.5%3/

For vehicles of chapter 87................................

Other...................................................................

Other transmission shafts and cranks..........................

Housed bearings, incorporating ball or roller bearings:

No.
kg

No.
kg
kg..............

Flange, take-up, cartridge and hanger units................

..................

Free3/

4.5%3/

Incorporating ball bearings......................................

No.

Incorporating roller bearings...................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

4.5%3/

Incorporating ball bearings......................................

No.

Incorporating roller bearings...................................

No.

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%5/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-125

2

Transmission shafts (including camshafts and crankshafts)
and cranks; bearing housings, housed bearings and plain shaft
bearings; gears and gearing; ball or roller screws; gear boxes
and other speed changers, including torque converters;
flywheels and pulleys, including pulley blocks; clutches and
shaft couplings (including universal joints); parts thereof: (con.)

Bearing housings; plain shaft bearings:

Flange, take-up, cartridge and hanger units................

..................

4.5%1/

Ball or roller bearing type.........................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
..................

4.5%4/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Bearing housings:

Ball or roller bearing type..................................

Other...................................................................

Plain shaft bearings:
With housing:

Rod end bearings........................................

Other.............................................................

Without housing:

Spherical......................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8483 (con.)

8483.30
8483.30.40

8483.30.80

40

80

20

40

55

65

70

90

XVI
84-126

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8483 (con.)

8483.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Transmission shafts (including camshafts and crankshafts)
and cranks; bearing housings, housed bearings and plain shaft
bearings; gears and gearing; ball or roller screws; gear boxes
and other speed changers, including torque converters;
flywheels and pulleys, including pulley blocks; clutches and
shaft couplings (including universal joints); parts thereof: (con.)
Gears and gearing, other than toothed wheels, chain
sprockets and other transmission elements entered
separately; ball or roller screws; gear boxes and other
speed changers, including torque converters:

8483.40.10

00

Torque converters...........................................................

No.............

Free1/

27.5%5/

8483.40.30

8483.40.50

8483.40.70

40

80

10

20

80
00

Gear boxes and other speed changers:

Fixed ratio speed changers, multiple and variable
ratio speed changers each ratio of which is
selected by manual manipulation:

Imported for use with machines for making
cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard...............
Fixed ratio speed changers.......................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
..................

2.5%3/

Fixed ratio speed changers.......................

No.

Gear boxes and speed changers for wind
turbines, as described in statistical note 6
to this chapter..............................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other speed changers.............................................

No.
No.............

25¢ each +
3.9%3/

8483.40.80

00

Ball or roller screws.........................................................

No.............

3.8%1/

8483.40.90

00

Gears and gearing, other than toothed wheels, chain
sprockets and other transmission elements entered
separately.........................................................................

No.............

2.5%1/

27.5%

27.5%5/

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +

65%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%5/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-127

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8483 (con.)

8483.50
8483.50.40

00

Transmission shafts (including camshafts and crankshafts)
and cranks; bearing housings, housed bearings and plain shaft
bearings; gears and gearing; ball or roller screws; gear boxes
and other speed changers, including torque converters;
flywheels and pulleys, including pulley blocks; clutches and
shaft couplings (including universal joints); parts thereof: (con.)

Flywheels and pulleys, including pulley blocks:

Gray-iron awning or tackle pulleys, not over 6.4 cm in
wheel diameter................................................................

No.............

5.7%3/

8483.50.60

00

Flywheels...................................................................

No.............

2.8%1/

Other:

8483.50.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

40

80

40

80
00

8483.60
8483.60.40

8483.60.80

Grooved pulleys6/...............................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Clutches and shaft couplings (including universal joints):
Clutches and universal joints.........................................

kg

..................

2.8%1/

Clutches.....................................................................

No.

Universal joints.........................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

2.8%3/

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
84-128

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8483 (con.)

8483.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Transmission shafts (including camshafts and crankshafts)
and cranks; bearing housings, housed bearings and plain shaft
bearings; gears and gearing; ball or roller screws; gear boxes
and other speed changers, including torque converters;
flywheels and pulleys, including pulley blocks; clutches and
shaft couplings (including universal joints); parts thereof: (con.)
Toothed wheels, chain sprockets and other transmission
elements presented separately; parts:

8483.90.10

Chain sprockets and parts thereof................................

..................

2.8%1/

10

50

8483.90.20

00

Forged........................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Parts of bearing housings and plain shaft bearings:

Parts of flange, take-up, cartridge and hanger
units............................................................................

kg

kg

kg..............

4.5%1/

8483.90.30

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.5%1/

8483.90.50

Parts of gearing, gear boxes and other speed
changers...........................................................................

..................

2.5%3/

10

20

80

Forged gear blanks..................................................

No.

Parts of gear boxes and speed changers for wind
turbines......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

8483.90.70

00

Parts of articles of subheading 8483.20................

kg..............

5.5%1/

8483.90.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.8%1/

10

40

80

Parts of articles of subheading 8483.60.80.....

Parts of universal joints.....................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%5/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
84-129

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8484

8484.10.00

00

Gaskets and similar joints of metal sheeting combined with
other material or of two or more layers of metal; sets or
assortments of gaskets and similar joints, dissimilar in
composition, put up in pouches, envelopes or similar packings;
mechanical seals:

Gaskets and similar joints of metal sheeting combined with
other material or of two or more layers of metal.................

No.............

2.5%1/

8484.20.00

00

Mechanical seals....................................................................

No.............

3.9%1/

8484.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

2.5%1/

8485
8485.10.01

Machines for additive manufacturing:

00

By metal deposit.....................................................................

No.............

2.5%17/

8485.20.00

00

By plastics or rubber deposit................................................

No.............

3.1%1/

8485.30.00

00

By plaster, cement, ceramics or glass deposit...................

No.............

2.5%3/

8485.80.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

2.5%3/

8485.90
8485.90.10

00

Parts:

By plastics or rubber deposit.........................................

No.............

3.1%1/

8485.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

45%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
84-130

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8486

8486.10.00

00

8486.20.00

00

Machines and apparatus of a kind used solely or principally
for the manufacture of semiconductor boules or wafers,
semiconductor devices, electronic integrated circuits or flat
panel displays; machines and apparatus specified in note 11(C)
to this chapter; parts and accessories:

Machines and apparatus for the manufacture of boules or
wafers20/...................................................................................

Machines and apparatus for the manufacture of
semiconductor devices or of electronic integrated
circuits20/..................................................................................

No.............

Free4/

No.............

Free4/

No.............

Free4/

8486.30.00

00

Machines and apparatus for the manufacture of flat panel
displays...................................................................................

8486.40.00

10

20

30

8486.90.00

00

8487

8487.10.00

8487.90.00

40

80

40

80

Machines and apparatus specified in note 11(C) to this
chapter....................................................................................
For the manufacture or repair of masks and reticles....

..................
No.

Free4/

For assembling semiconductor devices or electronic
integrated circuits............................................................

No.

For lifting, handling, loading or unloading of boules,
wafers, semiconductor devices, electronic integrated
circuits and flat panel displays20/...................................
Parts and accessories...........................................................

No.
No.............

Free21/

Machinery parts, not containing electrical connectors,
insulators, coils, contacts or other electrical features, and not
specified or included elsewhere in this chapter:

Ships' or boats' propellers and blades therefor..................
Of copper.........................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
..................

3.9%10/

Oil seals, other than those of chapter 40......................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

30%

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
Endnotes--page 84 - 131

1/ See 9903.88.01.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See 9903.88.03.
4/ See 9903.88.02.
5/ See 9903.90.08.
6/ See 9903.88.69.
7/ See General Note 6.
8/ See 9903.88.03 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
9/ See 9903.88.15 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
10/ See 9903.88.01 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
11/ See 9903.91.09.
12/ See 9903.92.
13/ See 9903.88.01 and U.S. note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
14/ See 9903.45.01, 9903.45.02 and 9903.88.15.
15/ See 9903.45.05, 9903.45.06 and 9903.88.15.
16/ See 9817.84.01 and 9903.88.01.
17/ See 9817.84.01 and 9903.88.03.
18/ See additional U.S. note 1 to this chapter.
19/ See 9817.84.01, 9903.88.03 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
20/ See 9903.88.70.
21/ See 9903.88.02 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 85

ELECTRICAL MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT AND PARTS THEREOF; SOUND RECORDERS
AND REPRODUCERS, TELEVISION IMAGE AND SOUND RECORDERS AND REPRODUCERS,
AND PARTS AND ACCESSORIES OF SUCH ARTICLES

XVI
85-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Electrically warmed blankets, bed pads, foot-muffs or the like; electrically warmed clothing, footwear or ear pads or other

electrically warmed articles worn on or about the person;

(b) Articles of glass of heading 7011;

(c) Machines and apparatus of heading 8486;

(d) Vacuum apparatus of a kind used in medical, surgical, dental or veterinary sciences (heading 9018); or

(e) Electrically heated furniture of chapter 94.

2. Headings 8501 to 8504 do not apply to goods described in heading 8511, 8512, 8540, 8541 or 8542.

However, metal tank mercury arc rectifiers remain classified in heading 8504.

3.

For the purposes of heading 8507, the expression "electric accumulators" includes those presented with ancillary components
which contribute to the accumulator's function of storing and supplying energy or protect it from damage, such as electrical
connectors, temperature control devices (for example, thermistors) and circuit protection devices. They may also include a portion
of the protective housing of the goods in which they are to be used.

4. Heading 8509 covers only the following electromechanical machines of the kind commonly used for domestic purposes:

(a) Floor polishers, food grinders and mixers, and fruit or vegetable juice extractors, of any weight;

(b) Other machines provided the weight of such machines does not exceed 20 kg, exclusive of extra interchangeable parts or

detachable auxiliary devices.

The heading does not, however, apply to fans or ventilating or recycling hoods incorporating a fan, whether or not fitted with filters
(heading 8414), centrifugal clothes dryers (heading 8421), dishwashing machines (heading 8422), household washing machines
(heading 8450), roller or other ironing machines (heading 8420 or 8451), sewing machines (heading 8452), electric scissors
(heading 8467) or to electrothermic appliances (heading 8516).

5.

For the purposes of heading 8517, the term “smartphones” means telephones for cellular networks, equipped with a mobile
operating system designed to perform the functions of an automatic data processing machine such as downloading and running
multiple applications simultaneously, including third-party applications, and whether or not integrating other features such as
digital cameras and navigational aid systems.

6.

For the purposes of heading 8523:

(a)

"Solid-state non-volatile storage devices "(for example,"flash memory cards" or "flash electronic storage cards") are storage
devices with a connecting socket, comprising in the same housing one or more flash memories (for example, "FLASH
E²PROM") in the form of integrated circuits mounted on a printed circuit board. They may include a controller in the form of
an integrated circuit and discrete passive components, such as capacitors and resistors;

(b) The term "smart cards" means cards which have embedded in them one or more electronic integrated circuits (a

microprocessor, random access memory (RAM) or read-only memory (ROM)) in the form of chips. These cards may contain
contacts, a magnetic stripe or an embedded antenna but do not contain any other active or passive circuit elements.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-2
Notes (con.)

7.

For the purposes of heading 8524, “flat panel display modules” refer to devices or apparatus for the display of information
equipped at a minimum with a display screen, which are designed to be incorporated into articles of other headings prior to use.
Display screens for flat panel display modules include, but are not limited to, those which are flat, curved, flexible, foldable or
stretchable in form. Flat panel display modules may incorporate additional elements, including those necessary for receiving
video signals and the allocation of those signals to pixels on the display. However, heading 8524 does not include display modules
which are equipped with components for converting video signals (e.g., a scaler IC, decoder IC or application processer) or have
otherwise assumed the character of goods of other headings.

For the classification of flat panel display modules defined in this Note, heading 8524 shall take precedence over any other
heading in the tariff schedule.

8.

For the purposes of heading 8534 "printed circuits" are circuits obtained by forming on an insulating base, by any printing process
(for example, embossing, plating-up, etching) or by the "film circuit" technique, conductor elements, contacts or other printed
components (for example, inductances, resistors, capacitors) alone or interconnected according to a pre-established pattern,
other than elements which can produce, rectify, modulate or amplify an electrical signal (for example, semiconductor elements).

The term "printed circuits" does not cover circuits combined with elements other than those obtained during the printing process,
nor does it cover individual, discrete resistors, capacitors or inductances. Printed circuits may, however, be fitted with non-printed
connecting elements.

Thin- or thick-film circuits comprising passive and active elements obtained during the same technological process are to be
classified in heading 8542.

9.

For the purpose of heading 8536, "connectors for optical fibres, optical fibre bundles or cables" means connectors that simply
mechanically align optical fibres end to end in a digital line system. They perform no other function, such as the amplification,
regeneration or modification of a signal.

10 Heading 8537 does not include cordless infrared devices for the remote control of television receivers or other electrical equipment

(heading 8543).

11. For the purposes of heading 8539, the expression "light-emitting diode (LED) light sources" covers:

(a)

(b)

"Light-emitting diode (LED) modules" which are electrical light sources based on light-emitting diodes (LED) arranged in
electrical circuits and containing further elements like electrical, mechanical, thermal or optical elements. They also contain
discrete active elements, discrete passive elements, or articles of heading 8536 or 8542 for the purposes of providing power
supply or power control. Light-emitting diode (LED) modules do not have a cap designed to allow easy installation or
replacement in a luminaire and ensure mechanical and electrical contact.

"Light-emitting diode (LED) lamps" which are electrical light sources containing one or more LED modules containing further
elements like electrical, mechanical, thermal or optical elements. The distinction between light-emitting diode (LED) modules
and light-emitting diode (LED) lamps is that lamps have a cap designed to allow easy installation or replacement in a luminaire
and ensure mechanical and electrical contact.

12. For the purposes of headings 8541 and 8542:

(a)

(i) "Semiconductor devices" are semiconductor devices the operation of which depends on variations in resistivity on the
application of an electric field or semiconductor-based transducers.

Semiconductor devices may also include assembly of plural elements, whether or not equipped with active and passive
device ancillary functions.

"Semiconductor-based transducers" are, for the purposes of this definition, semiconductor-based sensors, semiconductor-based
actuators, semiconductor-based resonators and semiconductor-based oscillators, which are types of discrete
semiconductor-based devices, which perform an intrinsic function, which are able to convert any kind of physical or chemical
phenomena or an action into an electrical signal or an electrical signal into any type of physical phenomenon or an action.

All the elements in semiconductor-based transducers are indivisibly combined, and may also include necessary materials
indivisibly attached, that enable their construction or function.

The following expressions mean:

(1) "Semiconductor-based" means built or manufactured on a semiconductor substrate or made of semiconductor
materials, manufactured by semiconductor technology, in which the semiconductor substrate or material plays a critical

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-3

Notes (con.)

and unreplaceable role of transducer function and performance, and the operation of which is based on semiconductor
properties including physical, electrical, chemical and optical properties.

(2) "Physical or chemical phenomena" relate to phenomena, such as pressure, acoustic waves, acceleration, vibration,
movement, orientation, strain, magnetic field strength, electric field strength, light, radioactivity, humidity, flow, chemicals
concentration, etc.

(3) "Semiconductor-based sensor" is a type of semiconductor device, which consists of microelectronic or mechanical
structures that are created in the mass or on the surface of a semiconductor and that have the function of detecting
physical or chemical quantities and converting these into electric signals caused by resulting variations in electric properties
or displacement of a mechanical structure.

(4) "Semiconductor-based actuator" is a type of semiconductor device, which consists of microelectronic or mechanical
structures that are created in the mass or on the surface of a semiconductor and that have the function of converting
electric signals into physical movement.

(5) "Semiconductor-based resonator" is a type of semiconductor device, which consists of microelectronic or mechanical
structures that are created in the mass or on the surface of a semiconductor and that have the function of generating a
mechanical or electrical oscillation of a predefined frequency that depends on the physical geometry of these structures
in response to an external input.

(6) "Semiconductor-based oscillator" is a type of semiconductor device, which consists of microelectronic or mechanical
structures that are created in the mass or on the surface of a semiconductor and that have the function of generating a
mechanical or electrical oscillation of a predefined frequency that depends on the physical geometry of these structures.

(ii)

"Light-emitting diodes (LED)" are semiconductor devices based on semiconductor materials which convert electrical
energy into visible, infra-red or ultra-violet rays, whether or not electrically connected among each other and whether or
not combined with protective diodes. Light-emitting diodes (LED) of heading 8541 do not incorporate elements for the
purposes of providing power supply or power control;

(b)

"Electronic integrated circuits" are:

(i) Monolithic integrated circuits in which the circuit elements (diodes, transistors, resistors, capacitors, inductances, etc.)
are created in the mass (essentially) and on the surface of a semiconductor or compound semiconductor material (for
example, doped silicon, gallium arsenide, silicon germanium, iridium phosphide) and are inseparably associated;

(ii) Hybrid integrated circuits in which passive elements (resistors, capacitors, inductances, etc.), obtained by thin- or
thick-film technology, and active elements (diodes, transistors, monolithic integrated circuits, etc.), obtained by
semiconductor technology, are combined to all intents and purposes indivisibly, by interconnections or interconnecting
cables, on a single insulating substrate (glass, ceramic, etc.). These circuits may also include discrete components;

(iii) Multichip integrated circuits consisting of two or more interconnected monolithic integrated circuits combined to all intents

and purposes indivisibly, whether or not on one or more insulating substrates, with or without leadframes, but with no
other active or passive circuit elements.

(iv) Multi-component integrated circuits (MCOs): a combination of one or more monolithic, hybrid, or multi-chip integrated
circuits with at least one of the following components: silicon-based sensors, actuators, oscillators, resonators or
combinations thereof, or components performing the functions of articles classifiable under heading 8532, 8533, 8541,
or inductors classifiable under heading 8504, formed to all intents and purposes indivisibly into a single body like an
integrated circuit, as a component of a kind used for assembly onto a printed circuit board (PCB) or other carrier, through
the connecting of pins, leads, balls, lands, bumps, or pads.

For the purpose of this definition:

1.

2.

“Components” may be discrete, manufactured independently then assembled onto the rest of the MCO, or
integrated into other components.

“Silicon-based” means built on a silicon substrate, or made of silicon materials, or manufactured onto integrated
circuit die.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-4
Notes (con.)

3.

(a) "Silicon-based sensors" consist of microelectronic or mechanical structures that are created in the mass or
on the surface of a semiconductor and that have the function of detecting physical or chemical phenomena and
transducing these into electric signals, caused by resulting variations in electric properties or displacement of
a mechanical structure. "Physical or chemical phenomena" relates to phenomena, such as pressure, acoustic
waves, acceleration, vibration, movement, orientation, strain, magnetic field strength, electric field strength,
light, radioactivity, humidity, flow, chemicals concentration, etc.

(b) “Silicon-based actuators” consist of microelectronic and mechanical structures that are created in the mass
or on the surface of a semiconductor and that have the function of converting electrical signals into physical
movement.

(c) “Silicon-based resonators” are components that consist of microelectronic or mechanical structures that are
created in the mass or on the surface of a semiconductor and have the function of generating a mechanical or
electrical oscillation of a predefined frequency that depends on the physical geometry of these structures in
response to an external input.

(d) “Silicon-based oscillators” are active components that consist of microelectronic or mechanical structures
that are created in the mass or on the surface of a semiconductor and that have the function of generating a
mechanical or electrical oscillation of a predefined frequency that depends on the physical geometry of these
structures.

For the classification of the articles defined in this note, headings 8541 and 8542 shall take precedence over any other heading
in the Nomenclature, except in the case of heading 8523, which might cover them by reference to, in particular, their function.

Subheading Notes

1. Subheading 8525.81 covers only high-speed television cameras, digital cameras and video camera recorders having one or

more of the following characteristics:

- writing speed exceeding 0.5 mm per microsecond;

- time resolution 50 nanoseconds or less;

- frame time exceeding 225,000 frames per second.

2.

In respect of subheading 8525.82, radiation-hardened or radiation-tolerant television cameras, digital cameras and video camera
recorders are designed or shielded to enable operation in a high-radiation environment. These cameras are designed to withstand
a total radiation dose of at least 50 x 103 Gy (silicon)(5 x 106 RAD (silicon)), without operational degradation.

3. Subheading 8525.83 covers night vision television cameras, digital cameras and video camera recorders which use a photocathode
to convert available light to electrons, which can be amplified and converted to yield a visible image. This subheading excludes
thermal imaging cameras (generally subheading 8525.89).

4. Subheading 8527.12 covers only cassette players with built-in amplifier, without built-in loudspeaker, capable of operating without

an external source of electric power and the dimensions of which do not exceed 170 mm x 100 mm x 45 mm.

5.

For the purposes of subheadings 8549.11 to 8549.19, “spent primary cells, spent primary batteries and spent electric accumulators:
are those which are neither usable as such because of breakage, cutting-up, wear or other reasons, nor capable of being
recharged.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

For the purposes of headings 8501 and 8503, 746 watts (W) is taken to be equivalent to 1 horsepower (hp).

For the purposes of subheading 8516.72, the term "toasters" includes toaster-ovens which are designed essentially for toasting
bread but can also bake small items, such as potatoes.

For the purposes of headings 8517 and 8525 the term "transceivers" refers to combinations of radio transmitting and receiving
equipment in a common housing, employing common circuit components for both transmitting and receiving, and which are not
capable of simultaneously receiving and transmitting.

4.

For the purposes of 8529.90.05, 8529.90.06, 8529.90.33, 8529.90.36, 8529.90.43, 8529.90.46, 8529.90.88 and 8529.90.89:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-5

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(a) Each subassembly that contains as a component, or is covered in the same entry with, one or more of the following television

components, viz.,

tuner, channel selector assembly, antenna, deflection yoke, degaussing coil, picture tube mounting bracket, grounding
assembly, parts necessary for fixing the picture tube or tuner in place, consumer-operated controls or speaker,

shall be classified in subheading 8529.90.05, 8529.90.33, 8529.90.43 or 8529.90.88, as appropriate; and

(b) Each subassembly shall be counted as a single unit, except that two or more different printed circuit boards or ceramic

substrates covered by the same entry and designed for assembly into the same television models shall be counted as one
unit.

5. Picture tubes imported in combination with, or incorporated into, other articles are to be classified in subheadings 8540.11 through

8540.12, inclusive, unless they are--

(a)

incorporated into complete television receivers, as defined in additional U.S. note 6 below;

(b)

incorporated into fully assembled units such as word processors, ADP terminals, or similar articles;

(c) put up in kits containing all the parts necessary for assembly into complete television receivers, as defined in additional U.S.

note 6 below; or

(d) put up in kits containing all the parts necessary for assembly into fully assembled units such as word processors, ADP

terminals, or similar articles.

For the purposes of additional U.S. note 5 above the term "complete television receivers" means television receivers, fully
assembled in their cabinets, whether or not packaged or tested for distribution to the ultimate purchaser(s).

For the purposes of this chapter, references to "high definition" as it applies to television receivers and cathode-ray tubes refer
to articles having:

6.

7.

(a) a screen aspect ratio equal to or greater than 16:9; and

(b) a viewing screen capable of displaying more than 700 scanning lines.

8.

For the purposes of this chapter, the video display diagonal is determined by measuring the maximum straight line dimension
across the visible portion of the faceplate used for displaying video.

9. Subheadings 8529.90.29, 8529.90.33, 8529.90.36 and 8529.90.39 cover the following parts of television receivers (including

video monitors and video projectors):

(a) Video intermediate (IF) amplifying and detecting systems;

(b) Video processing and amplification systems;

(c) Synchronizing and deflection circuitry;

(d) Tuners and tuner control systems; and

(e) Audio detection and amplification systems.

10. For the purposes of subheading 8540.91.15, the term "front panel assembly" refers to:

(a) with respect to a color cathode-ray television picture tube, an assembly which consists of a glass panel and a shadow mask
or aperture grille, attached for ultimate use, which is suitable for incorporation into a color cathode-ray television picture tube
(including video monitor cathode-ray tube), and which has undergone the necessary chemical and physical processes for
imprinting phosphors on the glass panel with sufficient precision to render a video image when excited by a stream of
electrons; or

(b) with respect to a monochrome cathode-ray picture tube, an assembly which consists of either a glass panel or a glass

envelope, which is suitable for incorporation into a monochrome cathode-ray television picture tube (including video monitor
or video projector cathode-rate tube), and which has undergone the necessary chemical and physical processes for imprinting
phosphors on the glass panel or glass envelope with sufficient precision to render a video image when excited by a stream
of electrons.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-6
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

11. For the purposes of subheading 8538.90.10, the expression "articles described in additional U.S. note 11 to chapter 85" means

any of the following goods: photocopying apparatus of subheading 8443.32.30, 8443.32.50, 8443.39.20 or 8443.39.40; word
processing machines of heading 8469; articles of heading 8470 or heading 8471; automatic teller machines of subheading
8472.90.10; articles of subheadings 8486.10 through 8486.40; articles of heading 8517; articles of subheading 8519.50;
transmission apparatus of subheading 8525.50.10; articles of subheading 8525.60; digital still image cameras of subheading
8525.89.40; articles of subheading 8543.70.93; plotters of subheading 9017.10.40 or 9017.20.70; instruments and apparatus of
heading 9026; instruments and apparatus of heading 9027 except of subheading 9027.10 or 9027.90.20; instruments and
apparatus of subheading 9030.40; instruments and apparatus of subheading 9030.82; optical instruments and appliances of
subheading 9031.41; optical instruments and appliances of subheading 9031.49.70; articles of subheading 9031.80.40.

12. For the purposes of subheading 8517.69.00, the term "paging receivers" includes paging alert devices designed merely to emit

a sound or visual signal (e.g., flashing light) upon the reception of a pre-set radio signal.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

3.

4.

For the purposes of this chapter the terms "AM" and "FM" refer to the entertainment broadcast bands of 550-1650 kHz and
88-108MHz, respectively.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 8507.60.0030, the term “battery energy storage system” consists of an
electrochemical device that has the following characteristics:

(a)

is designed to (i) store collected energy and (ii) discharge stored energy;

(b) consists of one or more lithium-ion battery modules, battery management circuitry, and other components to enable the

storage or discharge of energy;

(c) has a minimum energy capacity of one kilowatt-hour; and

(d)

is fully encased within a housing.

For statistical reporting purposes under subheading 8539.10, the size of a sealed beam lamp unit is determined by measuring
the largest diagonal dimension across the faceplate.

For statistical reporting purposes under subheading 8544.70, the unit of quantity "fiber m", as it pertains to optical fiber cables,
is determined by multiplying the number of individual fibers contained therein by the length in meters.

5.

For statistical reporting purposes in heading 8542 the following definitions will apply:

(a) The term "static read-write random access (SRAM)" refers to integrated circuit memory devices in which the memory cells
may be addressed in any sequence, randomly, for the storage or retrieval of data and in which in which the stored information
is retained without further intervention as long as electric power is supplied to the device.

(b) The term "volatile memory" refers to integrated circuit memory devices which lose all stored information in the absence of

electric power.

(c) The term "dynamic read-write random access (DRAM)" refers to integrated circuit memory devices in which the memory

cells may be addressed in any sequence, randomly, for the storage or retrieval of data and in which the stored information
must continually be refreshed in order to hold the information in memory.

(d) The term "electrically erasable programmable read-only memory (EEPROM)" refers to user programmable integrated circuit

memory devices which retain the stored information in the absence of electric power and in which the stored information
may be altered electrically.

(e) The term "erasable (except electrically) programmable read-only memory (EPROM)" refers to user programmable integrated
circuit memory devices which retain the stored information in the absence of electric power and from which the stored
information may be removed (except electrically). Such devices are usually erased by exposure to ultraviolet light after which
they may be rewritten with new information.

(f) The term "microprocessor" refers to a central processing unit (CPU) fabricated as a monolithic integrated circuit.

(g) The term "kilobit" refers to 1,024 bits of data storage capacity, the term "megabit" refers to 1,024 kilobits of data storage

capacity, and the term "gigabit" refers to 1,024 megabits of data storage capacity.

6.

For statistical reporting purposes under subheading 8532.22, the diameter of aluminum electrolytic capacitors not having a
circular cross-section shall be the maximum dimension measured through the center.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-7

Statistical Notes (con.)

7.

8.

9.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 8544.42.9010, "Extension cords" is defined as a flexible cord assembly incorporating
an electrical plug conforming to types 1-15P, 5-15P or 5-20P of the National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA) and
one or more receptacles conforming to NEMA type 1-15R, 5-15R or 5-20R.

For statistical reporting purposes under subheading 8539.52.00, the types of light-emitting (LED) lamps are defined by American
National Standards Institute for Electric Lamps as follows:

(a) ANSI shapes A, BT, P, PS or T described under 8539.52.0010, except for the straight linear tubes or U-shaped tubes of

statistical reporting number 8539.52.0051;

(b) ANSI shapes B, BA, C, CA, DC, F, G or ST described under 8539.52.0020;

(c) ANSI shapes R, BR or PAR described under 8539.52.0030; or

(d) ANSI shapes MR11, MR16 or MRX16 described under 8539.52.0040.

For the purposes of heading 8501, photovoltaic generators consist of panels of photocells combined with other apparatus, e.g.,
storage batteries and electronic controls (voltage regulator, inverter, etc.) and panels or modules equipped with elements, however
simple (for example, diodes to control the direction of the current), which supply the power directly to, for example, a motor, an
electrolyser. In these devices, electricity is produced by means of solar cells which convert solar energy directly into electricity
(photovoltaic conversion).

10. For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 8501.71.0000, 8501.72.1000, 8501.72.2000, 8501.72.3000, 8501.72.9000,
8501.80.1000, 8501.80.2000, 8501.80.3000, 8501.80.9000, 8507.20.8010, 8541.42.0010, 8541.42.0080, 8541.43.0010 and
8541.43.0080, importers should report the total watts at maximum power based on standard test conditions according to the
latest revision of International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) 60904, "Photovoltaic Devices.”

11. For the purposes of calculating the second unit of quantity for statistical reporting numbers under subheadings 8504.21.00,

8504.22.00, 8504.23.00, 8504.32.00, 8504.33.00 and 8504.34.00, the weight of the transformers is the total weight of the
transformer from the nameplate, included cooling equipment and systems, such as coolant oils, heat exchangers, fans, tanks,
and insulation; bushings; cores; coils; and tap changes, but not:

(a) Pallets or other rigging needed exclusively for shipping or transportation; and

(b) Other ancillary electrical equipment that may be attached to the transformer which performs a function unrelated to the

changing of alternating current voltage levels.

12. For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 8541.42.0010 and 8541.43.0010, the term "crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells"
means crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells of a thickness equal to or greater than 20 micrometers, having a p/n junction (or
variant thereof) formed by any means, whether or not the cell imported under statistical reporting number 8541.42.0010 (or
subassemblies thereof imported under statistical reporting number 8541.43.0010) has undergone other processing, including,
but not limited to, cleaning, etching, coating, and/or addition of materials (including, but not limited to, metallization and conductor
patterns) to collect and forward the electricity that is generated by the cell. Such cells include photovoltaic cells that contain
crystalline silicon in addition to other photovoltaic materials. This includes, but is not limited to, passivated emitter rear contact
cells, heterojunction with intrinsic thin-layer cells, and other so-called hybrid cells.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8501
8501.10

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets):

Motors of an output not exceeding 37.5 W:

Of under 18.65 W:

8501.10.20

00

Synchronous, valued not over $4 each..................

No.............

6.7%1/

8501.10.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.4%2/

20

40

60
80

20

40

60
80

00

8501.10.60

8501.20
8501.20.20

AC3/......................................................................

No.

DC:

Brushless.....................................................

No.

Other3/...........................................................
Other...................................................................
Of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W...........

No.
No.
..................

2.8%1/

AC...............................................................................

No.

DC:

Brushless............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other3/........................................................................
Universal AC/DC motors of an output exceeding 37.5 W:
Exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W..............

No.
No.

No.............

3.3%2/

8501.20.40

00

Exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W...............

No.............

4%1/

8501.20.50

00

Exceeding 735 W but under 746 W..............................

No.............

3.3%2/

8501.20.60

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2.4%2/

90%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8501 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
85-9

Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets):
(con.)

Other DC motors; DC generators, other than photovoltaic
generators:

8501.31

Of an output not exceeding 750 W:

Motors:

8501.31.20

00

Exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding
74.6 W3/...............................................................

No.............

2.8%2/

8501.31.40

00

Exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding
735 W3/................................................................

No.............

4%1/

8501.31.50

00

Exceeding 735 W but under 746 W.................

No.............

3.3%2/

8501.31.60

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

2.4%2/

8501.31.81

00

Generators................................................................

No.............

2.5%1/

8501.32

Of an output exceeding 750 W but not exceeding
75 kW:

Motors:

8501.32.20

00

Exceeding 750 W but not exceeding
14.92 kW.............................................................

No.............

2.9%1/

8501.32.45

00

8501.32.55

8501.32.61

20

40
00

Other:

Electric motors of a kind used as the
primary source of mechanical power for
electrically powered vehicles of
subheadings 8703.40, 8703.50, 8703.60,
8703.70 or 8703.80....................................

Other.............................................................
For use in civil aircraft4/........................

No.............

Free2/

..................

Free2/

No.

Other......................................................
Generators................................................................

No.
No.............

2%1/

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
85-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8501 (con.)

8501.33

8501.33.20

8501.33.30

8501.33.40

8501.33.61

40

80
00

40

60
00

Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets):
(con.)

Other DC motors; DC generators, other than photovoltaic
generators: (con.)

Of an output exceeding 75 kW but not exceeding
375 kW:

Motors:

Exceeding 75 kW but under 149.2 kW............
For use in civil aircraft4/...............................

..................

Free1/

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

149.2 kW or more but not exceeding
150 kW................................................................

No.............

2.8%1/

Other...................................................................

..................

2.8%2/

Not exceeding 373 kW...............................

No.

Other.............................................................
Generators................................................................

No.
No.............

2.5%2/

8501.34
8501.34.30

00

Of an output exceeding 375 kW:

Motors........................................................................

No.............

2.8%2/

8501.34.61

00

Generators................................................................

No.............

2%2/

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-11

2

Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets):
(con.)

Other AC motors, single-phase:

Of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding
74.6 W..............................................................................

..................

3.3%5/

Gear motors..............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding
735 W...............................................................................

..................

4%5/

Gear motors3/............................................................

No.

Other3/........................................................................
Of an output exceeding 735 W but under 746 W........

No.
..................

3.3%5/

Gear motors..............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

3.7%5/

Gear motors..............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8501 (con.)

8501.40
8501.40.20

8501.40.40

8501.40.50

8501.40.60

20

40

20

40

20

40

20

40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
85-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8501 (con.)

8501.51
8501.51.20

8501.51.40

8501.51.50

8501.51.60

20

40

20

40

20

40

20

40

Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets):
(con.)

Other AC motors, multi-phase:

Of an output not exceeding 750 W:

Exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W.......

..................

2.5%2/

Gear motors........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W........

No.
..................

2.5%2/

Gear motors........................................................

No.

Other3/.................................................................
Exceeding 735 W but under 746 W.......................

No.
..................

3.3%2/

Gear motors........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

2.5%2/

Gear motors........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

8501.52

Of an output exceeding 750 W but not exceeding
75 kW:

8501.52.40

00

Exceeding 750 W but not exceeding 14.92 kW.....

No.............

3.7%1/

8501.52.80

20

40

Other..........................................................................
For use in civil aircraft4/.....................................

..................

Free2/

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8501 (con.)

8501.53
8501.53.40

8501.53.60

8501.53.80

40

80
00

40

60

Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets):
(con.)

Other AC motors, multi-phase: (con.)
Of an output exceeding 75 kW:

Exceeding 75 kW but under 149.2 kW..................
For use in civil aircraft4/.....................................

..................

Free2/

No.

Other...................................................................
149.2 kW or more but not exceeding 150 kW.......

No.
No.............

4.2%1/

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.8%2/

Not exceeding 373 kW3/....................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

AC generators (alternators), other than photovoltaic
generators:

8501.61.01

00

Of an output not exceeding 75 kVA..............................

No.............

2.5%5/

8501.62.01

00

Of an output exceeding 75 kVA but not exceeding
375 kVA............................................................................

No.............

2.5%2/

8501.63.01

00

Of an output exceeding 375 kVA but not exceeding
750 kVA............................................................................

No.............

2.5%2/

8501.64.01

Of an output exceeding 750 kVA...................................

..................

2.4%2/

10

25

35

55

For wind-powered generating sets classified within
8502.31.00................................................................

No.

Other:

Exceeding 750 kVA but not exceeding 10,000
kVA......................................................................

Exceeding 10,000 kVA but not exceeding
40,000 kVA.........................................................

No.

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8501 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets):
(con.)

Photovoltaic DC generators:

8501.71.00

00

Of an output not exceeding 50 W..................................

8501.72
8501.72.10

00

Of an output exceeding 50 W:

Of an output not exceeding 750 W.........................

8501.72.20

00

Of an output exceeding 750 W but not exceeding
75 kW.........................................................................

8501.72.30

00

Of an output exceeding 75 kW but not exceeding
375 kW.......................................................................

8501.72.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............
W

2.5%6/

No.............
W

2.5%6/

No.............
W

2%1/

No.............
W

2.5%2/

No.............
W

2%2/

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8501 (con.)

8501.80
8501.80.10

00

Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets):
(con.)

Photovoltaic AC generators:

Of an output not exceeding 75 kVA..............................

8501.80.20

00

Of an output exceeding 75 kVA but not exceeding
375 kVA............................................................................

8501.80.30

00

Of an output exceeding 375 kVA but not exceeding
750 kVA............................................................................

8501.80.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............
W

2.5%7/

No.............
W

2.5%2/

No.............
W

2.5%2/

No.............
W

2.4%2/

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8502

Electric generating sets and rotary converters:

8502.11.00

00

Generating sets with compression-ignition internal
combustion piston engines (diesel or semi-diesel engines):
Of an output not exceeding 75 kVA..............................

No.............

2.5%2/

8502.12.00

00

Of an output exceeding 75 kVA but not exceeding
375 kVA............................................................................

No.............

2.5%2/

8502.13.00

Of an output exceeding 375 kVA...................................

..................

2%2/

8502.20.00

20

40

30

60

70

85

Exceeding 375 kVA but not exceeding
1,000 kVA..................................................................

No.

Exceeding 1,000 kVA...............................................

No.

Generating sets with spark-ignition internal combustion
piston engines........................................................................

..................

2%5/

Of an output not exceeding 1.875 kVA.........................

No.

Of an output exceeding 1.875 kVA but not exceeding
6.25 kVA...........................................................................

Of an output exceeding 6.25 kVA but not exceeding
75 kVA..............................................................................

Of an output exceeding 75 kVA.....................................

No.

No.

No.

Other generating sets:

8502.31.00

00

Wind-powered.................................................................

No.............

2.5%2/

8502.39.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.5%2/

40

80
00

8502.40.00

Powered by steam turbine.......................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Electric rotary converters......................................................

No.
No.............

3%2/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8503.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the machines
of heading 8501 or 8502:

XVI
85-17

2

8503.00.20

00

Commutators..........................................................................

No.............

2.4%2/

8503.00.35

00

For motors of under 18.65 W.........................................

No.............

6.5%2/

Stators and rotors for the goods of heading 8501:

8503.00.45

00

For generators suitable for use on aircraft...................

No.............

8503.00.65

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

3%2/

8503.00.75

00

For motors of under 18.65 W.........................................

No.............

6.5%2/

Other:

8503.00.90

00

For generators suitable for use on aircraft...................

No.............

8503.00.95

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free2/

3%8/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

90%

35%

35%

90%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20

46

50

70

80

Parts of motors..........................................................

kg

Parts of generators:

For AC generators (alternators) classified in
statistical reporting number 8501.64.0110......

Other...................................................................

Other:

Parts of wind-powered generating sets
classified in subheading 8502.31.00...............

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8504

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electrical transformers, static converters (for example,
rectifiers) and inductors; parts thereof:

8504.10.00

00

Ballasts for discharge lamps or tubes..................................

No.............

3%9/

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8504.21.00

8504.22.00

8504.23.00

20

40

60

80

40

80

41

45

80

Liquid dielectric transformers:

Having a power handling capacity not exceeding
650 kVA............................................................................
Having a power handling capacity not exceeding
50 kVA.......................................................................

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
50 kVA but not exceeding 100 kVA........................

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
100 kVA but not exceeding 500 kVA.....................

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
500 kVA but not exceeding 650 kVA.....................

Having a power handling capacity exceeding 650 kVA
but not exceeding 10,000 kVA.......................................
Having a power handling capacity exceeding
650 kVA but not exceeding 2,500 kVA..................

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
2,500 kVA but not exceeding 10,000 kVA............

..................

Free2/

35%

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

..................

Free2/

35%

No.
kg

No.
kg

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
10,000 kVA......................................................................

..................

1.6%2/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
10,000 kVA but not exceeding 59,999 kVA..........

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
59,999 kVA but not exceeding 100,000 kVA........

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
100,000 kVA.............................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-19

2

Electrical transformers, static converters (for example,
rectifiers) and inductors; parts thereof: (con.)

Other transformers:

Having a power handling capacity not exceeding
1 kVA:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8504 (con.)

8504.31

8504.31.20

00

Unrated......................................................................

No.............

Free5/

8504.31.40

Having a power handling capacity less than
1 kVA...................................................................

..................

6.6%5/

Other:

35

65

8504.31.60

00

Having a power handling capacity less
than 40 VA...................................................

No.

Having a power handling capacity 40 VA
or greater......................................................
Having a power handling capacity of 1 kVA....

No.
No.............

1.6%5/

8504.32.00

00

Having a power handling capacity exceeding 1 kVA
but not exceeding 16 kVA..............................................

No.............
kg

2.4%2/

8504.33.00

Having a power handling capacity exceeding 16 kVA
but not exceeding 500 kVA............................................

..................

1.6%2/

20

40

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
16 kVA but not exceeding 50 kVA..........................

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
50 kVA but not exceeding 500 kVA........................

No.
kg

No.
kg

8504.34.00

00

Having a power handling capacity exceeding
500 kVA............................................................................

No.............
kg

1.6%2/

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electrical transformers, static converters (for example,
rectifiers) and inductors; parts thereof: (con.)

Static converters:

Speed drive controllers for electric motors...................

No.............

Free2/

35%

XVI
85-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8504 (con.)

8504.40
8504.40.40

00

8504.40.60

01

07

12

18

01

07

12

18
00

10

20

30

40
50
70

80

00

8504.40.70

8504.40.85

8504.40.95

8504.50
8504.50.40

Power supplies for automatic data processing
machines or units thereof of heading 8471; power
supplies for goods of subheading 8443.31 or 8443.32;
power supplies for monitors of subheading 8528.42
or 8528.52 or projectors of subheading 8528.62:

Suitable for physical incorporation into automatic
data processing machines or units thereof of
heading 8471............................................................
With a power output not exceeding 50 W.......

..................
No.

Free5/

With a power output exceeding 50 W but not
exceeding 150 W...............................................

With a power output exceeding 150 W but not
exceeding 500 W...............................................

No.

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
With a power output not exceeding 50 W.......

No.
..................
No.

Free5/

With a power output exceeding 50 W but not
exceeding 150 W...............................................

With a power output exceeding 150 W but not
exceeding 500 W...............................................

No.

No.

Other...................................................................
For telecommunication apparatus.................................

No.
No.............

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free5/

Free5/

Rectifiers and rectifying apparatus:

Power supplies:

With a power output not exceeding
50 W.............................................................

With a power output exceeding 50 W but
not exceeding 150 W..................................

With a power output exceeding 150 W but
not exceeding 500 W..................................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Inverters.....................................................................

Other3/........................................................................

Other inductors:

For power supplies for automatic data processing
machines or units thereof of heading 8471; power
supplies for goods of subheading 8443.31 or 8443.32;
power supplies for monitors of subheading 8528.42
or 8528.52 or projectors of subheading 8528.62; for
telecommunication apparatus........................................

No.

No.

No.

No.
No.
No.

No.

No.............

Free5/

8504.50.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8504 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Electrical transformers, static converters (for example,
rectifiers) and inductors; parts thereof: (con.)

8504.90

Parts:

Of power supplies for automatic data processing
machines or units thereof of heading 8471; of power
supplies for goods of subheading 8443.31 or 8443.32;
of power supplies for monitors of subheading 8528.42
or 8528.52 or projectors of subheading 8528.62:

8504.90.20

00

Printed circuit assemblies........................................

No.............

8504.90.41

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Free2/

Other:

Printed circuit assemblies:

8504.90.65

00

8504.90.75

00

8504.90.96

Of the goods of subheading 8504.40 or
8504.50 for telecommunication apparatus......

Other3/.................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............
..................

Free2/
Free2/

XVI
85-21

2

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

10

30

34

38

42

46

50

90

Ferrites:

For transformers..........................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other parts:

Of transformers:

Laminations for incorporation into
stacked cores.......................................

Stacked cores for incorporation into
transformers..........................................

Wound cores for incorporation into
transformers..........................................

Other......................................................

Of static converters.....................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.

Other.............................................................

No.

XVI
85-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8505

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electromagnets; permanent magnets and articles intended to
become permanent magnets after magnetization;
electromagnetic or permanent magnet chucks, clamps and
similar holding devices; electromagnetic couplings, clutches
and brakes; electromagnetic lifting heads; parts thereof:

Permanent magnets and articles intended to become
permanent magnets after magnetization:

8505.11.00

Of metal............................................................................

..................

2.1%10/

10

30

50

70

90

Alnico.........................................................................

Ceramic.....................................................................

Sintered samarium-cobalt.......................................

Sintered neodymium-iron-boron.............................

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

8505.19
8505.19.10

00

Other:

Flexible magnets.......................................................

No.............

4.9%2/

8505.19.20

00

Composite good containing flexible magnets........

No.............

4.9%5/

8505.19.30

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.9%5/

8505.20.00

00

Electromagnetic couplings, clutches and brakes...............

No.............

3.1%2/

8505.90
8505.90.30

00

Other, including parts:

Electromagnetic lifting heads.........................................

No.............

8505.90.40

00

Work holders and parts thereof.....................................

kg..............

Free2/

Free2/

8505.90.70

00

Electromagnets of a kind used solely or principally for
magnetic resonance imaging apparatus, other than
apparatus of heading 9018............................................

No.............

Free2/

8505.90.75

01

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

1.3%2/

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

45%

45%

45%

35%

35%

30%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-23

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8506
8506.10.00

10

90

00

8506.30
8506.30.10

Primary cells and primary batteries; parts thereof:

Manganese dioxide................................................................

..................

2.7%5/

Button and coin cell batteries.........................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Mercuric oxide:

Having an external volume not exceeding 300 cm3.....

No.............

2.7%5/

8506.30.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2.7%5/

8506.40
8506.40.10

Silver oxide:

Having an external volume not exceeding 300 cm3.....

..................

2.7%2/

10

90
00

8506.40.50

Button and coin cell batteries .................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

2.7%2/

8506.50.00

Lithium.....................................................................................

..................

2.7%2/

10

90

10

90

10

90
00

8506.60.00

8506.80.00

8506.90.00

Button and coin cell batteries.........................................

No.

Other.................................................................................
Air-zinc....................................................................................

No.
..................

2.7%2/

Button and coin cell batteries.........................................

No.

Other.................................................................................
Other primary cells and primary batteries...........................

No.
..................

2.7%5/

Button and coin cell batteries.........................................

No.

Other.................................................................................
Parts........................................................................................

No.
kg..............

2.7%2/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8507

8507.10.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electric storage batteries, including separators therefor,
whether or not rectangular (including square); parts thereof:

Lead-acid storage batteries, of a kind used for starting
piston engines........................................................................

..................

3.5%5/

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30

60

90

12 V batteries:

Not exceeding 6 kg in weight..................................

Exceeding 6 kg in weight.........................................

Other.................................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

8507.20
8507.20.40

00

Other lead-acid storage batteries:

Of a kind used as the primary source of electrical
power for electrically powered vehicles of subheadings
8703.40, 8703.50, 8703.60, 8703.70 or 8703.80.......

No.............
kg

3.5%5/

8507.20.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.5%7/

10

31

41

61

91

Of a kind described in subheading 9903.45.25.....

Other:

6 V batteries.......................................................

12 V batteries.....................................................

36 V batteries.....................................................

Other...................................................................

No.
W

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-25

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8507 (con.)

8507.30
8507.30.40

00

Electric storage batteries, including separators therefor,
whether or not rectangular (including square); parts thereof:
(con.)

Nickel-cadmium storage batteries:

Of a kind used as the primary source of electrical
power for electrically powered vehicles of subheadings
8703.40, 8703.50, 8703.60, 8703.70 or 8703.80.......

No.............

2.5%5/

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8507.30.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.5%9/

10

90
00

8507.50.00

Sealed........................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Nickel-metal hydride batteries..............................................

No.
No.............
kg

3.4%5/

8507.60.00

Lithium-ion batteries..............................................................

..................

3.4%11/

10

30

90

Of a kind used as the primary source of electrical
power for electrically powered vehicles of subheadings
8703.40, 8703.50, 8703.60, 8703.70 or 8703.80.......

Other:

Battery energy storage systems fully encased
within a housing, as described in statistical note 2
to this chapter...........................................................

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
85-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8507 (con.)

8507.80
8507.80.41

00

Electric storage batteries, including separators therefor,
whether or not rectangular (including square); parts thereof:
(con.)

Other storage batteries:

Of a kind used as the primary source of electrical
power for electrically powered vehicles of subheadings
8703.40, 8703.50, 8703.60, 8703.70 or 8703.80.......

No.............

3.4%1/

No.............
kg

3.4%1/

8507.80.82

00

Other.................................................................................

8507.90
8507.90.40

00

Parts:

Of lead-acid storage batteries.......................................

kg..............

3.5%12/

8507.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.4%2/

8508

Vacuum cleaners; parts thereof:

With self-contained electric motor:

8508.11.00

00

Of a power not exceeding 1,500 W and having a dust
bag or other receptacle capacity not exceeding 20 l....

No.............

Free5/

8508.19.00
8508.60.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Other vacuum cleaners.........................................................

No.............
No.............

8508.70.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

kg..............

Free5/
Free5/

Free13/

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%
35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-27

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8509

8509.40.00

15

25

30

40

00

8509.80
8509.80.10

Electromechanical domestic appliances, with self-contained
electric motor, other than vacuum cleaners of heading 8508;
parts thereof:

Food grinders, processors and mixers; fruit or vegetable
juice extractors.......................................................................

..................

4.2%

Blenders...........................................................................

Other food mixers............................................................

Juice extractors...............................................................

Food grinders and processors.......................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

Other appliances:

Floor polishers.................................................................

No.............

Free

8509.80.20

00

Kitchen waste disposers (disposals)............................

No.............

Free5/

8509.80.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

4.2%

40

45

50

70

80
95

Can openers (including combination units)...........

No.

Electric toothbrushes................................................

No.

Humidifiers:

Evaporative.........................................................

No.

Other:

Ultrasonic.....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

8509.90

Parts:

Parts of floor polishers:

8509.90.25

00

Housings....................................................................

No.............

3.4%5/

8509.90.35

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.4%5/

8509.90.45

00

Housings....................................................................

No.............

4.2%5/

Other:

8509.90.55

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%5/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8510

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Shavers, hair clippers and hair-removing appliances, with
self-contained electric motor; parts thereof:

8510.10.00

00

Shavers...................................................................................

No.............

Free9/

8510.20
8510.20.10

00

Hair clippers:

Hair clippers to be used for agricultural or horticultural
purposes...........................................................................

No.............

4%5/

8510.20.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

4%5/

8510.30.00

00

Hair-removing appliances.....................................................

No.............

4.2%

8510.90

Parts:

Parts of shavers:

8510.90.10

00

Blades and cutting heads........................................

No.............

8510.90.20

00

Other parts of shavers.............................................

kg..............

Free5/

Free5/

Parts of hair clippers:

8510.90.30

01

Parts of hair clippers to be used for agricultural or
horticultural purposes...............................................

kg..............

4%5/

8510.90.40

00

Other parts of hair clippers......................................

kg..............

4%5/

8510.90.55

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.2%5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

45%

45%

40%

27.5%

35%

45%

45%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8511

8511.10.00

00

Electrical ignition or starting equipment of a kind used for
spark-ignition or compression-ignition internal combustion
engines (for example, ignition magnetos, magneto-dynamos,
ignition coils, spark plugs and glow plugs, starter motors);
generators (for example, dynamos, alternators) and cut-outs
of a kind used in conjunction with such engines; parts thereof:
Spark plugs.............................................................................

hundreds...

2.5%5/

8511.20.00

00

Ignition magnetos; magneto-dynamos; magnetic
flywheels..................................................................................

No.............

2.5%5/

8511.30.00

Distributors; ignition coils......................................................

..................

2.5%5/

40

80
00

8511.40.00

Distributors.......................................................................

No.

Ignition coils.....................................................................
Starter motors and dual purpose starter-generators3/.......

No.
No.............

2.5%5/

8511.50.00

00

Other generators....................................................................

No.............

2.5%5/

8511.80

Other equipment:

Voltage and voltage-current regulators with cut-out
relays:

8511.80.20

00

Designed for use on 6, 12 or 24 V systems...........

No.............

2.5%1/

8511.80.40
8511.80.60

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.............
kg..............

Free1/
2.5%5/

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

35%
35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8511 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electrical ignition or starting equipment of a kind used for
spark-ignition or compression-ignition internal combustion
engines (for example, ignition magnetos, magneto-dynamos,
ignition coils, spark plugs and glow plugs, starter motors);
generators (for example, dynamos, alternators) and cut-outs
of a kind used in conjunction with such engines; parts thereof:
(con.)

8511.90

Parts:

Of voltage and voltage-current regulators with cut-out
relays:

8511.90.20

00

Designed for use on 6, 12 or 24 V systems...........

kg..............

3.1%1/

8511.90.40
8511.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................
Other parts.......................................................................

kg..............
..................

Free1/
2.5%5/

20

40

Distributor contact (breaker point) sets..................

No.

Other..........................................................................

kg

8512

8512.10

Electrical lighting or signaling equipment (excluding articles of
heading 8539), windshield wipers, defrosters and demisters,
of a kind used for cycles or motor vehicles; parts thereof:

Lighting or visual signaling equipment of a kind used on
bicycles:

8512.10.20

00

Lighting equipment..........................................................

No.............

8512.10.40

00

Visual signaling equipment............................................

No.............

Free9/

2.7%9/

8512.20
8512.20.20

8512.20.40

40

80

40

80

Other lighting or visual signaling equipment:

Lighting equipment..........................................................
For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29 or heading 8702,
8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711.......................................

..................

Free5/

No.

Other..........................................................................
Visual signaling equipment............................................

No.
..................

2.5%5/

For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29 or heading 8702,
8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711.......................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

25%

35%
35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

35%

25%14/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-31

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8512 (con.)

8512.30.00

20

30

40

00

8512.40
8512.40.20

Electrical lighting or signaling equipment (excluding articles of
heading 8539), windshield wipers, defrosters and demisters,
of a kind used for cycles or motor vehicles; parts thereof: (con.)
Sound signaling equipment..................................................

..................

2.5%5/

Horns................................................................................

Radar detectors of a kind used in motor vehicles.......

Other.................................................................................

Windshield wipers, defrosters and demisters:

No.

No.

No.

Defrosters and demisters...............................................

No.............

2.5%5/

8512.40.40

00

Windshield wipers...........................................................

No.............

2.5%5/

8512.90
8512.90.20

00

Parts:

Of signaling equipment...................................................

kg..............

2.5%5/

Of lighting equipment:

8512.90.40

00

Of a kind used on bicycles......................................

kg..............

8512.90.60
8512.90.70

00
00

Other..........................................................................
Of defrosters and demisters..........................................

kg..............
kg..............

Free5/

Free5/
2.5%5/

8512.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.5%5/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

25%
35%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8513

8513.10
8513.10.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Portable electric lamps designed to function by their own
source of energy (for example, dry batteries, storage batteries,
magnetos), other than lighting equipment of heading 8512;
parts thereof:
Lamps:

Flashlights........................................................................

No.............

12.5%

8513.10.40

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3.5%

8513.90
8513.90.20

00

Parts:

Of flashlights....................................................................

kg..............

12.5%13/

8513.90.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.5%5/

35%

40%

35%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8514

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-33

2

Industrial or laboratory electric furnaces and ovens (including
those functioning by induction or dielectric loss); other industrial
or laboratory equipment for the heat treatment of materials by
induction or dielectric loss; parts thereof:

Resistance heated furnaces and ovens:

8514.11.00

00

Hot isostatic presses.......................................................

No.............

Free2/

8514.19.00
8514.20

00

Other.................................................................................
Furnaces and ovens functioning by induction or dielectric
loss:

No.............

Free2/

Microwave ovens:

8514.20.40

00

For making hot drinks, or for cooking or heating
food............................................................................

No.............

4%5/

8514.20.60

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.2%2/

8514.20.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8514.31
8514.31.10

00

Other furnaces and ovens:

Electron beam furnaces:

Of a kind used solely or principally for the
manufacture of printed circuits or printed circuit
assemblies................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8514.31.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

1.3%2/

8514.32
8514.32.10

00

Plasma and vacuum arc furnaces:

Of a kind used solely or principally for the
manufacture of printed circuits or printed circuit
assemblies................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8514.32.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

1.3%2/

8514.39
8514.39.10

00

Other:

Of a kind used solely or principally for the
manufacture of printed circuits or printed circuit
assemblies................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8514.39.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

1.3%2/

8514.40.00

00

Other equipment for the heat treatment of materials by
induction or dielectric loss.....................................................

kg..............

Free2/

8514.90
8514.90.40

00

Parts:

Of microwave ovens.......................................................

kg..............

4%5/

8514.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8515

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electric (including electrically heated gas), laser or other light
or photon beam, ultrasonic, electron beam, magnetic pulse or
plasma arc soldering, brazing or welding machines and
apparatus, whether or not capable of cutting; electric machines
and apparatus for hot spraying of metals or cermets; parts
thereof:

Brazing or soldering machines and apparatus:

8515.11.00

00

Soldering irons and guns................................................

No.............

2.5%2/

8515.19.00

00

8515.21.00

00

Other.................................................................................
Machines and apparatus for resistance welding of metal:
Fully or partly automatic..................................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

8515.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Machines and apparatus for arc (including plasma arc)
welding of metals:

8515.31.00

00

Fully or partly automatic..................................................

No.............

Free2/

1.6%2/

8515.39.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

1.6%2/

20

40
60

40

80

00

8515.80.00

8515.90
8515.90.20

Non-rotating type:

AC transformer type..........................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Rotating type.............................................................
Other machines and apparatus............................................
Ultrasonic welding machines.........................................

No.
No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Other.................................................................................

No.

Parts:

Of welding machines and apparatus............................

No.............

1.6%15/

8515.90.40

00

Other parts.......................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-35

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8516

8516.10.00

40

80

Electric instantaneous or storage water heaters and immersion
heaters; electric space heating apparatus and soil heating
apparatus; electrothermic hairdressing apparatus (for example,
hair dryers, hair curlers, curling tong heaters) and hand dryers;
electric flatirons; other electrothermic appliances of a kind used
for domestic purposes; electric heating resistors, other than
those of heading 8545; parts thereof:

Electric instantaneous or storage water heaters and
immersion heaters..................................................................
Storage water heaters....................................................

..................
No.

Free9/

Other water heaters and immersion heaters................
Electric space heating apparatus and electric soil heating
apparatus:

No.

8516.21.00

00

Storage heating radiators...............................................

No.............

8516.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free5/

3.7%5/

30

60
90

Portable space heaters:

Fan-forced..........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other3/........................................................................

No.
No.

Electrothermic hairdressing or hand-drying apparatus:

8516.31.00

00

Hair dryers........................................................................

No.............

3.9%

8516.32.00

Other hairdressing apparatus........................................

..................

3.9%

20

40
00

00

8516.33.00
8516.40
8516.40.20

Curlers.......................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Hand-drying apparatus...................................................

No.
No.............

Free9/

Electric flatirons:

Travel type.......................................................................

No.............

Free

8516.40.40

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2.8%

8516.50.00

Microwave ovens...................................................................

..................

2%

30

60

90

Having a capacity not exceeding 22.5 liters.................

No.

Having a capacity exceeding 22.5 liters but not
exceeding 31.0 liters.......................................................

Having a capacity exceeding 31.0 liters.......................

No.

No.

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

40%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8516 (con.)

8516.60

8516.60.40

60

70

74

78

82

86
00

8516.60.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electric instantaneous or storage water heaters and immersion
heaters; electric space heating apparatus and soil heating
apparatus; electrothermic hairdressing apparatus (for example,
hair dryers, hair curlers, curling tong heaters) and hand dryers;
electric flatirons; other electrothermic appliances of a kind used
for domestic purposes; electric heating resistors, other than
those of heading 8545; parts thereof: (con.)

Other ovens; cooking stoves, ranges, cooking plates,
boiling rings, grillers and roasters:

Cooking stoves, ranges and ovens...............................
Microwave oven combinations................................

..................
No.

Free5/

35%

Other:

Portable...............................................................

No.

Other:

Of a maximum width not exceeding
70 centimeters.............................................

No.

Of a maximum width exceeding
70 centimeters:

Containing a gas fueled cooktop........

No.

Containing a radiant heated
cooktop..................................................

No.

Other......................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

2.7%

8516.71.00

Coffee or tea makers.......................................................

..................

3.7%9/

Other electrothermic appliances:

20

40

60
80
00

8516.72.00

Coffee makers:

Automatic drip and pump type.........................

No.

Percolator...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Toasters...........................................................................

No.
No.
No.............

5.3%

8516.79.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2.7%

8516.80
8516.80.40

00

Electric heating resistors:

Assembled only with simple insulated former and
electrical connections, used for anti-icing or deicing...

No.............

Free5/

8516.80.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-37

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8516 (con.)

8516.90
8516.90.05

00

Electric instantaneous or storage water heaters and immersion
heaters; electric space heating apparatus and soil heating
apparatus; electrothermic hairdressing apparatus (for example,
hair dryers, hair curlers, curling tong heaters) and hand dryers;
electric flatirons; other electrothermic appliances of a kind used
for domestic purposes; electric heating resistors, other than
those of heading 8545; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Of heaters or heating apparatus of subheading
8516.10, 8516.21 or 8516.29........................................

No.............

3.7%5/

8516.90.15

00

Housings for the hand-drying apparatus of subheading
8516.33............................................................................

No.............

3.9%5/

8516.90.25

00

Housings and steel bases for the electric flatirons of
subheading 8516.40.......................................................

No.............

3.9%5/

8516.90.35

00

Parts for the microwave ovens of subheading 8516.50:
Assemblies, incorporating more than one of the
following: cooking chamber; structural supporting
chassis; door; outer case.........................................

No.............

Free5/

8516.90.45

00

Printed circuit assemblies........................................

No.............

8516.90.50

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Free13/

8516.90.55

00

8516.90.65

00

8516.90.75

00

8516.90.80

8516.90.85

10

50
00

Parts for the cooking stoves, ranges and ovens of
subheading 8516.60.40:

Cooking chambers, whether or not assembled......

No.............

Free5/

Top surface panels with or without heating
elements or controls.................................................

No.............

Free5/

Door assemblies, incorporating more than one of
the following: inner panel; outer panel; window;
insulation....................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Shelving and racks for cooking stoves and
ranges.................................................................

No.............

Free5/

..................

Free13/

No.

Other...................................................................
Housings for toasters......................................................

No.
No.............

3.9%5/

8516.90.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3.9%5/

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8517

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Telephone sets, including smartphones and other telephones
for cellular networks or for other wireless networks; other
apparatus for the transmission or reception of voice, images
or other data, including apparatus for communication in a wired
or wireless network (such as a local or wide area network),
other than transmission or reception apparatus of heading
8443, 8525, 8527 or 8528; parts thereof:

Telephone sets, including smartphones and other
telephones for cellular networks or for other wireless
networks :

8517.11.00

00

Line telephone sets with cordless handsets.................

No.............

Free9/

8517.13.00

00

Smartphones...................................................................

No.............

Free

8517.14.00

8517.18.00

20

50

80

10

20

50

Other telephones for cellular networks or for other
wireless networks............................................................
Radio telephones designed for installation in motor
vehicles for the Public Cellular
Radiotelecommunication Service...........................

Other radio telephones designed for the Public
Cellular Radiotelecommunication Service.............

..................

Free

No.

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Videophones.............................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free

Multiline telephones (including key, call director
and consoles)............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other apparatus for transmission or reception of voice,
images or other data, including apparatus for
communication in a wired or wireless network (such as a
local or wide area network):

8517.61.00

00

Base stations...................................................................

No.............

Free9/

8517.62.00

10

20

90
00

8517.69.00

Machines for the reception, conversion and
transmission or regeneration of voice, images or other
data, including switching and routing apparatus.........
Modems, of a kind used with data processing
machines of heading 8471......................................

..................

Free16/

No.

Switching and routing apparatus............................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

Free5/

Parts:

8517.71.00

00

Aerials and aerial reflectors of all kinds; parts suitable
for use therewith..............................................................

No.............

Free17/

8517.79.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free17/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-39

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8518

8518.10
8518.10.40

00

8518.10.80

30

40

8518.21.00

00

8518.22.00

00

8518.29
8518.29.40

00

8518.29.80
8518.30

00

Microphones and stands therefor; loudspeakers, whether or
not mounted in their enclosures; headphones and earphones,
whether or not combined with a microphone, and sets
consisting of a microphone and one or more loudspeakers;
audio-frequency electric amplifiers; electric sound amplifier
sets; parts thereof:

Microphones and stands therefor:

Microphones having a frequency range of 300 Hz to
3.4 kHz with a diameter of not exceeding 10 mm and
a height not exceeding 3 mm, for telecommunication
use.....................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Other.................................................................................
Microphones.............................................................

..................
No.

Free9/

Other..........................................................................
Loudspeakers, whether or not mounted in their enclosures:
Single loudspeakers, mounted in their enclosures......

Multiple loudspeakers, mounted in the same
enclosure..........................................................................

No.

No.............

Free9/

No.............

Free9/

Other:

Without housing, having a frequency range of
300 Hz to 3.4 kHz with a diameter of not exceeding
50 mm, for telecommunication use.........................

No.............

Free

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free9/

Headphones and earphones, whether or not combined
with a microphone, and sets consisting of a microphone
and one or more loudspeakers:

8518.30.10

00

Line telephone handsets................................................

No.............

Free9/

8518.30.20
8518.40
8518.40.10

8518.40.20
8518.50.00

00

00

00
00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free

Audio-frequency electric amplifiers:

For use as repeaters in line telephony..........................

No.............

Other.................................................................................
Electric sound amplifier sets.................................................

No.............
No.............

Free5/

Free5/
Free5/

8518.90

Parts:

8518.90.20

00

Of line telephone handsets of subheading 8518.30.10;
of repeaters of subheading 8518.40.10:

Printed circuit assemblies of line telephone
handsets; parts of repeaters...................................

No.............

Free5/

8518.90.41

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Other:

8518.90.60

00

Printed circuit assemblies of the articles of
subheading 8518.10.40 or 8518.29.40..................

No.............

Free5/

8518.90.81

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

XVI
85-40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8519
8519.20.00

00

8519.30
8519.30.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sound recording or reproducing apparatus:

Apparatus operated by coins, banknotes, bank cards,
tokens or by other means of payment..................................

No.............

Free9/

Turntables (record-decks):

With automatic record changing mechanism...............

No.............

3.9%9/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8519.30.20

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free

Other apparatus:

8519.81

Using magnetic, optical or semiconductor media:

Sound reproducing only:

8519.81.10

00

Transcribing machines......................................

No.............

Free9/

8519.81.20

00

8519.81.25
8519.81.30

8519.81.41

00

10

20

05

10

20

50

Cassette-type tape players:

Designed exclusively for motor- vehicle
installation....................................................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Optical disc (including compact disc)
players..........................................................

No.............

Free

No.............
..................

Free
Free5/

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Telephone answering machines......................

No.
..................
No.

Free

Magnetic tape recorders incorporating sound
reproducing apparatus......................................

No.

Optical disc recorders.......................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

8519.89

Other:

8519.89.10

00

8519.89.20
8519.89.30

00
00

Record players, other than those operated by
coins, banknotes, bank cards, tokens or by other
means of payment:

Without loudspeaker..........................................

No.............

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.............
No.............

8521

8521.10

Video recording or reproducing apparatus, whether or not
incorporating a video tuner:
Magnetic tape-type:

Color, cartridge or cassette type:

8521.10.30

00

Not capable of recording.........................................

No.............

8521.10.60
8521.10.90
8521.90.00

00
00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.............
No.............
No.............

Free9/

Free
Free9/

Free9/

Free9/
Free9/
Free9/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%
35%
35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8522

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Parts and accessories suitable for use solely or principally with
the apparatus of heading 8519 or 8521:

XVI
85-41

2

8522.10.00

00

Pickup cartridges...................................................................

No.............

3.9%5/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8522.90

Other:

Assemblies and subassemblies of articles provided
for in subheading 8519.81.41, consisting of two or
more pieces fastened or joined together:

8522.90.25

00

Printed circuit assemblies........................................

No.............

8522.90.36

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

8522.90.45

00

Printed circuit assemblies........................................

No.............

Parts of telephone answering machines:

8522.90.58

40

80

Other..........................................................................
Magnetic recording and reproducing heads....

..................
No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

8522.90.65

00

Printed circuit assemblies........................................

No.............

8522.90.80

40

81

8523

Other..........................................................................
Magnetic recording and reproducing heads....

..................
No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Discs, tapes, solid-state non-volatile storage devices, "smart
cards" and other media for the recording of sound or of other
phenomena, whether or not recorded, including matrices and
masters for the production of discs, but excluding products of
Chapter 37:

Magnetic media:

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

8523.21.00

00

Cards incorporating a magnetic stripe..........................

No.............

Free5/

80%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Discs, tapes, solid-state non-volatile storage devices, "smart
cards" and other media for the recording of sound or of other
phenomena, whether or not recorded, including matrices and
masters for the production of discs, but excluding products of
Chapter 37: (con.)

Magnetic media: (con.)

Other:

Unrecorded magnetic media...................................

No.............

Free9/

80%

XVI
85-42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8523 (con.)

8523.29
8523.29.10

00

8523.29.20

00

8523.29.30

00

8523.29.40

10

20

10

20
00

10

20
00

8523.29.50

8523.29.60

8523.29.70

8523.29.80

Other:

Magnetic tapes for reproducing phenomena
other than sound or image................................

m2..............

Free9/

Other magnetic tapes:

Of a width not exceeding 4 mm:

News sound recordings relating to
current events.......................................

No.............

Free9/

Other......................................................

..................

Free9/

Sound recordings on cassette
tapes...............................................

Other...............................................

No.
m2

No.
m2

Of a width exceeding 4 mm but not
exceeding 6.5 mm:

Video tape recordings..........................
In cassettes....................................

Free9/

..................
lin. m
No.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

lin. m
m2..............

Free9/

Of a width exceeding 6.5 mm:

Video tape recordings..........................
Of a width not exceeding 16 mm,
in cassettes....................................

..................

Free9/

lin. m
No.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

lin. m
m2..............

Free9/

8523.29.90

00

Other...................................................................

m2..............

Free9/

86.1¢/m2 of
recording
surface

Free

86.1¢/m2of
recording
surface

3.3¢/lin. m

86.1¢/m2 of
recording
surface

3.3¢/lin. m

86.1¢/m2 of
recording
surface
86.1¢/m2 of
recording
surface

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8523 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-43

2

Discs, tapes, solid-state non-volatile storage devices, "smart
cards" and other media for the recording of sound or of other
phenomena, whether or not recorded, including matrices and
masters for the production of discs, but excluding products of
Chapter 37: (con.)
Optical media:

8523.41.00

00

Unrecorded......................................................................

No.............

Free9/

80%

8523.49
8523.49.20

Other:

For reproducing phenomena other than sound or
image.........................................................................

..................

Free9/

10

20

Prepackaged software for automatic data
processing machines, of a kind sold at retail...

Other...................................................................

8523.49.30

00

For reproducing sound only.....................................

No.
m2

No.
m2
No.............
m2

Free9/

8523.49.40

00

Other:

For reproducing representations of
instructions, data, sound, and image, recorded
in a machine readable binary form, and
capable of being manipulated or providing
interactivity to a user, by means of an
automatic data processing machine;
proprietary format recorded discs....................

No.............

Free5/

8523.49.50

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free9/

Semiconductor media:

8523.51.00

00

Solid-state non-volatile storage devices9/.....................

No.............

Free9/

8523.52.00

8523.59.00
8523.80
8523.80.10

10

90
00

00

"Smart cards"...................................................................
Unrecorded...............................................................

..................
No.

Free5/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

Other:

Phonograph records.......................................................

No.............

8523.80.20

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Free9/

Free9/

86.1¢/m2 of
recording
surface14/

86.1¢/m2 of
recording
surface

80%

80%

80%

35%

35%

30%

80%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
85-44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8524

8524.11
8524.11.10

00

Flat panel display modules, whether or not incorporating
touch-sensitive screens:

Without drivers or controls circuits

Of liquid crystals:

Flat panel display modules, other than flat panel
display modules for articles of subheadings
8528.59, 8528.69, 8528.72 and 8528.73..............

No.............

Free2/

8524.11.90

00

Other3/........................................................................

No.............

4.5%9/

8524.12.00

00

Of organic light-emitting diodes (OLED)......................

No.............

8524.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Free5/

8524.91
8524.91.10

00

Other:

Of liquid crystals:

Flat panel display modules, other than flat panel
display modules for articles of subheadings
8528.59, 8528.69, 8528.72 and 8528.73..............

No.............

Free2/

8524.91.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.5%9/

8524.92.00

00

Of organic light-emitting diodes (OLED)......................

No.............

8524.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Free5/

8525

Transmission apparatus for radio-broadcasting or television,
whether or not incorporating reception apparatus or sound
recording or reproducing apparatus; television cameras, digital
cameras and video camera recorders:

8525.50

Transmission apparatus:

Television:

8525.50.10

00

8525.50.30

15

35

40

10

50

8525.50.70

Set top boxes which have a communication
function......................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Apparatus for the reception of television
signals relayed by television satellite...............

Other:

Converters, decoders, preamplifiers, line
amplifiers, distribution amplifiers and other
amplifiers; directional couplers and other
couplers; all the foregoing designed for
cable or closed-circuit television
applications..................................................

No.............

Free

..................

Free5/

No.

No.

Other.............................................................
For radiobroadcasting.....................................................
Transmitters..............................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-45

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8525 (con.)

8525.60
8525.60.10

10

20

30

40

50
00

8525.60.20

8525.81.00

00

8525.82.00

00

8525.83.00

00

Transmission apparatus for radio-broadcasting or television,
whether or not incorporating reception apparatus or sound
recording or reproducing apparatus; television cameras, digital
cameras and video camera recorders: (con.)

Transmission apparatus incorporating reception apparatus:
Transceivers....................................................................
Citizens Band (CB)...................................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Low-power radiotelephonic transceivers operating
on frequencies from 49.82 to 49.90 MHz..............

No.

Other:

Hand-held...........................................................

No.

Other:

Marine VHF-FM..........................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

Free2/

Television cameras, digital cameras and video camera
recorders:

High-speed goods as specified in subheading note 1
to this chapter..................................................................

Other, radiation-hardened or radiation-tolerant goods
as specified in subheading note 2 to this chapter.......

Other, night vision goods as specified in subheading
note 3 to this chapter......................................................

No.............

Free5/

No.............

Free5/

No.............

Free5/

8525.89

Other:

Television cameras:

8525.89.10

00

8525.89.20

00

8525.89.30
8525.89.40

00
00

8525.89.50

30

50

20

40

20

40

00

8526

8526.10.00

8526.91.00

8526.92
8526.92.10

Gyrostabilized television cameras...................

No.............

Free2/

Studio television cameras excluding
shoulder-carried and other portable cameras
.............................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Other...................................................................
Digital still image video cameras ...........................

No.............
No.............

Other..........................................................................
Camcorders........................................................

..................
No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Free5/
Free9/

Free5/

Radar apparatus, radio navigational aid apparatus and radio
remote control apparatus:

Radar apparatus....................................................................
Designed for boat or ship installation............................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other.................................................................................

No.

Other:

Radio navigational aid apparatus..................................
Reception only apparatus........................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Radio remote control apparatus:

Radio remote control apparatus for video game
consoles.....................................................................

No.............

Free

8526.92.50

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

XVI
85-46

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8527

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Reception apparatus for radiobroadcasting, whether or not
combined, in the same housing, with sound recording or
reproducing apparatus or a clock:

Radiobroadcast receivers capable of operating without an
external source of power:

8527.12.00

00

Pocket-size radio cassette players...............................

No.............

Free

8527.13

8527.13.11

00

Other apparatus combined with sound recording or
reproducing apparatus:

Combinations incorporating tape players which
are incapable of recording.......................................

No.............

Free

8527.13.20

8527.13.40

8527.13.60

8527.19
8527.19.10

8527.19.50

15

25
00

40

80

00

10

25

8527.21

8527.21.15

00

Other:

Radio-tape recorder combinations..................
Cassette type...............................................

..................
No.

Free

Other.............................................................
Radio-phonograph combinations.....................

No.
No.............

Free

Other...................................................................
Incorporating optical disc (including
compact disc) players or recorders..........

..................

Free

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

Valued not over $40 each, incorporating a clock
or clock-timer, not in combination with any other
article, and not designed for motor vehicle
installation..................................................................

No.............

Free

Other..........................................................................
FM only or AM/FM only.....................................

..................
No.

Free

Other...................................................................
Radiobroadcast receivers not capable of operating without
an external source of power, of a kind used in motor
vehicles:

No.

Combined with sound recording or reproducing
apparatus:

Radio-tape player combinations:

Combined with sound recording or reproducing
apparatus capable of receiving and decoding
digital radio data system signals......................

No.............

Free5/

8527.21.25

Other...................................................................

..................

2%5/

10

25

40

80

00

8527.21.40

8527.29
8527.29.40

Incorporating optical disc (including
compact disc) players or recorders..........

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Incorporating optical disc (including compact
disc) players or recorders.................................

No.
..................

Free5/

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

FM only or AM/FM only............................................

No.............

8527.29.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Free5/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-47

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8527 (con.)

8527.91

8527.91.05

00

8527.91.40

00

8527.91.50

00

8527.91.60

40

80

8527.92

8527.92.10

00

8527.92.50
8527.99
8527.99.10

00

00

Reception apparatus for radiobroadcasting, whether or not
combined, in the same housing, with sound recording or
reproducing apparatus or a clock: (con.)

Other:

Combined with sound recording or reproducing
apparatus:

Articles designed for connection to telegraphic or
telephonic apparatus or instruments or to
telegraphic or telephonic networks.........................

Other:

No.............

Free

Combinations incorporating tape players which
are incapable of recording................................

No.............

Free

Other combinations incorporating tape
recorders.............................................................

Other...................................................................
Incorporating optical disc (including
compact disc) players or recorders..........

No.............

Free9/

..................

Free9/

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Not combined with sound recording or reproducing
apparatus but combined with a clock:

Valued not over $40 each........................................

No.............

Free

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free

Other:

Infant nursery monitor systems, each consisting
in the same package of a radio transmitter, an
electrical adapter, and a radio receiver..................

No.............

Free

8527.99.15

00

Other radio receivers...............................................

No.............

8527.99.40

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

XVI
85-48

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8528

8528.42.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception
apparatus; reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus:
Cathode-ray tube monitors:

Capable of directly connecting to and designed for use
with an automatic data processing machine of heading
8471..................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

35%

8528.49

Other:

Color:

8528.49.05

00

Incomplete or unfinished (including assemblies
consisting of the parts specified in subdivisions
(a), (b), (c) and (e) in additional U.S. note 9 to
this chapter plus a power supply), presented
without a display device:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

No.............

Free9/

8528.49.10

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

Free9/

Non-high definition, having a single picture
tube intended for direct viewing (non-projection
type), with a video display diagonal not
exceeding 35.56 cm:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm.............................

No.............

Free5/

Other......................................................

No.............

Free5/

Other:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm.............................

No.............

Free9/

Other......................................................

No.............

Free9/

Non-high definition, having a single picture
tube intended for direct viewing (non-projection
type), with a video display diagonal exceeding
35.56 cm:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

No.............

Free5/

8528.49.15

00

8528.49.20

00

8528.49.25

00

8528.49.30

00

8528.49.35

00

8528.49.40

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

Free9/

8528.49.45

00

Non-high definition, projection type, with a
cathode-ray tube:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

No.............

Free5/

8528.49.50

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

Free9/

8528.49.60

00

High definition, non-projection type, with a
cathode-ray tube:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

No.............

Free5/

8528.49.65

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

Free9/

8528.49.70

00

8528.49.75
8528.49.80

00
00

High definition, projection type, with a
cathode-ray tube:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

No.............

Free9/

Other.............................................................
Black and white or other monochrome...................

No.............
No.............

Free9/
Free5/

25%

35%

25%

25%

35%

35%

25%

35%

25%

35%

25%

35%

25%

35%
35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-49

2

Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception
apparatus; reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

Other monitors:

Capable of directly connecting to and designed for use
with an automatic data processing machine of heading
8471..................................................................................

No.............

Free

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8528 (con.)

8528.52.00

00

8528.59

Other:

Color:

8528.59.05

00

Incomplete or unfinished (including assemblies
consisting of the parts specified in subdivisions
(a), (b), (c) and (e) in additional U.S. note 9 to
this chapter plus a power supply), presented
without a display device:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

No.............

Free5/

8528.59.10

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

Free5/

8528.59.15

00

8528.59.23

00

8528.59.25

00

8528.59.33

10

50

70

With a flat panel screen:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm.............................

No.............

Free9/

Other......................................................

No.............

3.9%9/

Other:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm.............................

No.............

Free9/

Other......................................................

..................

5%9/

Plasma-type...................................

No.

LCD-type (direct view)..................

No.

Other...............................................

No.

25%

35%

25%

25%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
85-50

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8528 (con.)

8528.59
(con.)

8528.59.35

00

Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception
apparatus; reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

Other monitors: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Color: (con.)
Other:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm.............................

No.............

Free9/

8528.59.40

00

Other......................................................

No.............

3.9%

8528.59.45

00

8528.59.50

00

Other:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm.............................

No.............

Free

Other......................................................

No.............

5%9/

8528.59.60

00

Black and white or other monochrome...................

No.............

5%9/

25%

25%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8528 (con.)

8528.62.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-51

2

Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception
apparatus; reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

Projectors:

Capable of directly connecting to and designed for use
with an automatic data processing machine of heading
8471..................................................................................

No.............

Free9/

35%

8528.69

Other:

Color:

8528.69.05

00

8528.69.10

00

8528.69.15

00

Incomplete or unfinished (including assemblies
consisting of the parts specified in subdivisions
(a), (b), (c) and (e) in additional U.S. note 9 to
this chapter plus a power supply), presented
without a display device:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

Other.............................................................
Non-high definition, with a cathode-ray tube:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

No.............

Free5/

No.............

Free5/

No.............

3.9%9/

8528.69.20

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

5%5/

8528.69.25

00

High definition, with a cathode-ray tube:
Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

No.............

3.9%9/

8528.69.30

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

5%5/

25%

35%

25%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-52

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8528 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception
apparatus; reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

8528.69
(con.)

Projectors: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Color: (con.)

With a flat panel screen:

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus:

8528.69.35

00

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm.............................

No.............

Free

8528.69.40

00

Other......................................................

No.............

3.9%

8528.69.45

00

8528.69.50

00

Other:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm.............................

No.............

Free9/

Other......................................................

No.............

5%9/

8528.69.55

00

Incorporating video recording or
reproducing apparatus...............................

No.............

3.9%9/

Other:

8528.69.60

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

5%9/

8528.69.70

00

Black and white or other monochrome...................

No.............

5%9/

25%

25%

35%

35%

25%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-53

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8528 (con.)

8528.71
8528.71.10

00

8528.71.20

00

8528.71.30

00

8528.71.40

00

8528.71.45
8528.72

00

8528.72.04

00

Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception
apparatus; reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

Reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus:

Not designed to incorporate a video display or screen:
Incorporating video recording or reproducing
apparatus..................................................................

Other:

No.............

Free9/

Set top boxes which have a communications
function................................................................

No.............

Free9/

Printed circuit assemblies incorporating a
tuner, of a kind used with data processing
machines of heading 8471...............................

No.............

Free9/

Other:

Color.............................................................

No.............

Black and white or other monochrome......

No.............

Free9/

Free9/

Other, color:

Incomplete or unfinished (including assemblies for
television receivers consisting of all the parts
specified in additional U.S. note 9 to this chapter
plus a power supply), presented without a display
device:

Incorporating video recording or reproducing
apparatus............................................................

No.............

Free5/

8528.72.08

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free9/

Non-high definition, having a single picture tube
intended for direct viewing (non-projection type),
with a video display diagonal not exceeding
35.56 cm:

Incorporating video recording or reproducing
apparatus:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm....................................

No.............

Free5/

8528.72.12

00

8528.72.16

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

3.9%

Other:

8528.72.20

00

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm....................................

No.............

Free5/

8528.72.24

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

5%5/

25%

35%

35%

35%

35%

25%

35%

25%

25%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
85-54

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8528 (con.)

8528.72
(con.)

8528.72.28

00

Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception
apparatus; reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

Reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

Other, color: (con.)

Non-high definition, having a single picture tube
intended for direct viewing (non-projection type),
with a video display diagonal exceeding 35.56 cm:
Incorporating video recording or reproducing
apparatus............................................................

No.............

3.9%5/

8528.72.32

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

5%9/

8528.72.36

00

Non-high definition, projection type, with a
cathode-ray tube:

Incorporating video recording or reproducing
apparatus............................................................

No.............

3.9%5/

8528.72.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

5%5/

8528.72.44

00

High definition, non-projection type, with a
cathode-ray tube:

Incorporating video recording or reproducing
apparatus............................................................

No.............

3.9%5/

8528.72.48

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

5%9/

25%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-55

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8528 (con.)

8528.72
(con.)

8528.72.52

00

Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception
apparatus; reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

Reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

Other, color: (con.)

High definition, projection type, with a cathode-ray
tube:

Incorporating video recording or reproducing
apparatus............................................................

No.............

3.9%9/

8528.72.56

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

5%9/

8528.72.62

00

With a flat panel screen:

Incorporating video recording or reproducing
apparatus:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm....................................

No.............

Free9/

8528.72.64

Other.............................................................

..................

3.9%9/

20

30

40

60

With a video display diagonal:

Not exceeding 75 cm....................

No.

Exceeding 75 cm but not
exceeding 88 cm...........................

Exceeding 88 cm but not
exceeding 113 cm.........................

No.

No.

Exceeding 113 cm.........................

No.

Other:

8528.72.68

00

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm....................................

No.............

Free9/

8528.72.72

Other.............................................................

..................

5%9/

20

30

40

60
90

LCD-type (direct-view), with a video
display diagonal:

Not exceeding 75 cm....................

No.

Exceeding 75 cm but not
exceeding 88 cm...........................

Exceeding 88 cm but not
exceeding 113 cm.........................

Exceeding 113 cm.........................
Other, including plasma-type..............

No.

No.

No.
No.

25%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

XVI
85-56

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8528 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Monitors and projectors, not incorporating television reception
apparatus; reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

Reception apparatus for television, whether or not
incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video
recording or reproducing apparatus: (con.)

8528.72
(con.)

Other, color: (con.)

Other:

8528.72.76

00

Incorporating video recording or reproducing
apparatus:

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm....................................

No.............

Free9/

8528.72.80

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

3.9%9/

Other:

8528.72.84

00

With a video display diagonal not
exceeding 34.29 cm....................................

No.............

Free9/

8528.72.97

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

5%9/

8528.73.00

00

Other, monochrome........................................................

No.............

5%5/

25%

25%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-57

2

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the apparatus
of headings 8524 to 8528:

Antennas and antenna reflectors of all kinds; parts suitable
for use therewith:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8529

8529.10

8529.10.21

Television.........................................................................

..................

Free5/

20

50
90

40

80
00

8529.10.40

8529.10.91
8529.90

Antennas:

Receiving only....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

Radar, radio navigational aid and radio remote
control...............................................................................
Antennas....................................................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

Free1/

Other:

Printed circuit assemblies:

Of television apparatus:

8529.90.04

00

Tuners.................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Other, comprising printed circuit boards and
ceramic substrates with components
assembled thereon, for color television
receivers; subassemblies containing one or
more of such boards or substrates, except
tuners or convergence assemblies:

Entered with components enumerated in
additional U.S. note 4 to this chapter........

8529.90.05

00

8529.90.06

00

Other.............................................................

No.18/

No.18/

8529.90.09

00

8529.90.13

00

8529.90.16

20

40

60

20

40

60
00
01

8529.90.19

8529.90.21
8529.90.24

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Other:

For television cameras...............................

No.............

Other3/...........................................................

No.............

Free9/

Of radar, radio navigational aid or radio remote
control apparatus:

Assemblies and subassemblies, consisting of
2 or more parts or pieces fastened or joined
together...............................................................
Of radar apparatus.....................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Of radio navigational aid apparatus
(except radar)..............................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Of radar apparatus.....................................

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Of radio navigational aid apparatus
(except radar)..............................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

Free2/

Transceiver assemblies for the apparatus of
subheading 8526.10, other than printed circuit
assemblies.......................................................................

No.............

Free2/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

XVI
85-58

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8529 (con.)

8529.90
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the apparatus
of headings 8524 to 8528: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Parts of television receivers specified in additional U.S.
note 9 to this chapter, other than printed circuit
assemblies:

8529.90.29

00

Tuners........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8529.90.33

00

8529.90.36
8529.90.39

00
00

8529.90.43

00

8529.90.46
8529.90.49
8529.90.55

00
00
00

Subassemblies, for color television receivers,
containing two or more printed circuit boards or
ceramic substrates with components assembled
thereon, except tuners or convergence assemblies:
Entered with components enumerated in
additional U.S. note 4 to this chapter...............

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Combinations of parts specified in additional U.S. note
9 to this chapter:

Subassemblies, for color television receivers,
containing two or more printed circuit boards or
ceramic substrates with components assembled
thereon, except tuners or convergence assemblies:
Entered with components enumerated in
additional U.S. note 4 to this chapter...............

No.18/

No.18/
No.............

Free2/

Free5/
Free5/

No.18/

Free5/

Free2/
Free5/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.18/
No.............

Flat panel screen assemblies for the apparatus of
subheadings 8528.59.15, 8528.59.23, 8528.59.25,
8528.59.33, 8528.69.35, 8525.69.40, 8528.69.45,
8528.69.50, 8528.72.62, 8528.72.64, 8528.72.68 and
8528.72.72.......................................................................

Other, parts of printed circuit assemblies, including
face plates and lock latches:
Of television apparatus:

No.............

Free5/

8529.90.63

00

8529.90.68
8529.90.73

00
00

For television cameras......................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

Of radar, radio navigational aid or radio remote
control apparatus......................................................

No.............

Free15/

8529.90.77

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

8529.90.78

00

Other parts of articles of headings 8525 and 8527:

Of television apparatus:

For television cameras:

Mounted lenses suitable for use in, and
entered separately from, closed-circuit
television cameras, with or without
attached electrical or non-electrical
closed-circuit television camera
connectors, and with or without attached
motors...........................................................

8529.90.81
8529.90.83
8529.90.87

00
00
00

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............
No.............
No.............

Free2/
Free2/
Free5/

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%
35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-59

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8529 (con.)

8529.90
(con.)

8529.90.88

00

00

45

80

20

40

60

20

40

60
00

8529.90.89
8529.90.93

8529.90.95

8529.90.97

8529.90.98

8530

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the apparatus
of headings 8524 to 8528: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

Of television receivers:

Subassemblies, for color television receivers,
containing two or more printed circuit boards
or ceramic substrates with components
assembled thereon, except tuners or
convergence assemblies:

Entered with components enumerated in
additional U.S. note 4 to this chapter........

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Convergence assemblies, focus coils and
degaussing coils..........................................

No.18/

No.18/
..................

Free5/

Free2/
Free2/

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Of radar, radio navigational aid or radio remote
control apparatus:

Assemblies and subassemblies, consisting of
2 or more parts or pieces fastened or joined
together...............................................................
Of radar apparatus.....................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Of radio navigational aid apparatus
(except radar)..............................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
Of radar apparatus.....................................

No.
..................
No.

Free15/

Of radio navigational aid apparatus
(except radar)..............................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

Free2/

Electrical signaling, safety or traffic control equipment for
railways, streetcar lines, subways, roads, inland waterways,
parking facilities, port installations or airfields (other than those
of heading 8608); parts thereof:

8530.10.00

00

Equipment for railways, streetcar lines or subways...........

No.............

8530.80.00

00

Other equipment....................................................................

No.............

8530.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

35%

35%
35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-60

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8531

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electric sound or visual signaling apparatus (for example, bells,
sirens, indicator panels, burglar or fire alarms), other than those
of heading 8512 or 8530; parts thereof:

8531.10.00

Burglar or fire alarms and similar apparatus.......................

..................

1.3%5/

15

25

35

45

20

40

00

8531.20.00

8531.80
8531.80.15

Smoke detectors:

Battery powered.......................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Burglar alarms...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Indicator panels incorporating liquid crystal devices (LCD's)
or light emitting diodes (LED)...............................................
Incorporating LCD's........................................................

No.

..................
No.

Free5/

Other.................................................................................

No.

Other apparatus:

Doorbells, chimes, buzzers and similar apparatus......

kg..............

1.3%

8531.80.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free9/

05

26
31

41

51

Indicator panels:

Incorporating electric discharge (fluorescent)
devices................................................................

Other...................................................................
Horns..........................................................................

No.

No.
No.

Other sound signaling apparatus...........................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

8531.90

Parts:

Printed circuit assemblies:

8531.90.15

00

Of the panels of subheading 8531.20....................

No.............

8531.90.30

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Other:

8531.90.75

00

Of the panels of subheading 8531.20....................

No.............

8531.90.90

01

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-61

2

Electrical capacitors, fixed, variable or adjustable (pre-set);
parts thereof:

Fixed capacitors designed for use in 50/60 Hz circuits and
having a reactive power handling capacity of not less than
0.5 kvar (power capacitors)..................................................

No.............

Free2/

Other fixed capacitors:

Tantalum..........................................................................
Metal case.................................................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other:

Dipped.................................................................

No.

Designed for surface mounting (SMD) by
contact................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Aluminum electrolytic......................................................
Not exceeding 18 mm in diameter19/......................

Exceeding 18 mm but not exceeding 35 mm in
diameter19/.................................................................

Exceeding 35 mm but not exceeding 51 mm in
diameter19/.................................................................

No.
..................

Free2/

No.

No.

No.

Exceeding 51 mm in diameter19/.............................
Ceramic dielectric, single layer......................................
Chips..........................................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Other:

Axial

leads..........................................................

No.

Radial leads........................................................
Ceramic dielectric, multilayer.........................................
Chips..........................................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Other:

Axial

leads..........................................................

No.

Radial leads........................................................
Dielectric of paper or plastics.........................................

No.
..................

Free2/

Alternating current (AC) service:

Less than 300 V.................................................

No.

300 V or greater, but less than 600 V..............

No.

600 V or greater, but less than 1,000 V..........

No.

1,000 V or greater..............................................

No.

Other:

Leadless:

Designed for surface mounting (SMD) by
contact..........................................................

Other.............................................................
leads..........................................................

Axial

No.

No.
No.

Radial leads........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Mica dielectric...........................................................

No.
..................
No.

Other..........................................................................
Variable or adjustable (pre-set) capacitors.........................
Mica, ceramic or glass dielectric...................................

No.
..................
No.

Other.................................................................................

No.

Free2/

Free2/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8532

8532.10.00

00

8532.21.00

20

40

50

80

20

40

55

85

20

40

60

20

40

60

10

20

30

40

45

55
60

70

80

20

40

10

90

8532.22.00

8532.23.00

8532.24.00

8532.25.00

8532.29.00

8532.30.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-62

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8532 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electrical capacitors, fixed, variable or adjustable (pre-set);
parts thereof: (con.)

8532.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Electrical resistors (including rheostats and potentiometers),
other than heating resistors; parts thereof:

Fixed carbon resistors, composition or film types..............
Designed for surface mounting (SMD) by contact:
Having more than two terminals (resistor
networks)...................................................................

Having two terminals................................................
Having more than two leads (resistor networks).........

..................

Free2/

No.

No.
No.

Other:

Carbon composition.................................................

No.

Carbon film................................................................

No.

Other fixed resistors:

For a power handling capacity not exceeding 20 W....
Designed for surface mounting (SMD) by contact:
Having more than two terminals (resistor
networks):

..................

Free2/

35%

8533

8533.10.00

8533.21.00

20

42
57

60

65

10

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

8533.29.00

00

Dual-in-line package...................................

No.

Other (including flat packs)........................

No.

Having two terminals:

Flat resistor chips........................................

No.

Cylindrical leadless resistors (including
metal film, metal oxide and thick cement
film)...............................................................
Having more than two leads (resistor networks):
Single-in-line.......................................................

No.

No.

Dual-in-line..........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Wirewound..........................................................

No.

Other (including metal film, metal oxide and
thick cement film)...............................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

Free2/

Wirewound variable resistors, including rheostats and
potentiometers:

8533.31.00

00

For a power handling capacity not exceeding 20 W....

No.............

8533.39.00

40

80

Other.................................................................................
Dimmers....................................................................

..................
No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

8533.40

Other variable resistors, including rheostats and
potentiometers:

Free2/

Free5/

8533.40.40

00

Metal oxide varistors.......................................................

No.............

Free2/

8533.40.80

40

50

60

70

Other.................................................................................
Rheostat and resistor type motor starters and
controllers..................................................................

..................

Free2/

No.

Other:

Cermet................................................................

No.

Metal glaze.........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8533 (con.)

8533.90
8533.90.40

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Electrical resistors (including rheostats and potentiometers),
other than heating resistors; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

For the goods of subheading 8533.40, of ceramic or
metallic materials, electrically or mechanically reactive
to changes in temperature..............................................

No.............

Free1/

8533.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

8534.00.00

Printed circuits..............................................................................

..................

Free2/

Free5/

XVI
85-63

2

35%

35%

35%

Plastics impregnated, not flexible type:

Having a base wholly of impregnated glass:

With 3 or more layers of conducting materials3/.....

Other3/........................................................................
Having a base wholly of impregnated paper................

Other.................................................................................

Other:

Flexible type.....................................................................

Other, having a ceramic base........................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.
No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

20

40
50

70

80

85

95

XVI
85-64

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8535

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electrical apparatus for switching or protecting electrical
circuits, or for making connections to or in electrical circuits
(for example, switches, fuses, lightning arresters, voltage
limiters, surge suppressors, plugs and other connectors,
junction boxes), for a voltage exceeding 1,000 V:

8535.10.00

Fuses.......................................................................................

..................

2.7%2/

20

40

In circuits of 2,300 V or more.........................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Automatic circuit breakers:

8535.21.00

00

For a voltage of less than 72.5 kV.................................

No.............

2.7%2/

8535.29.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

2%2/

20

40

40

80
00

8535.30.00

8535.40.00

8535.90
8535.90.40

00

In circuits of 345 kV or more...................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Isolating switches and make-and-break switches.............

No.
..................

2.7%2/

Knife..................................................................................

Other.................................................................................

Lightning arresters, voltage limiters and surge
suppressors............................................................................

No.

No.

No.............

2.7%5/

Other:

Motor starters and motor overload protectors..............

No.............

2.7%2/

8535.90.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.7%2/

20

40

60

Terminals, electrical splices and electrical
couplings...................................................................

No.

Other connectors......................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8536

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-65

2

Electrical apparatus for switching or protecting electrical
circuits, or for making connections to or in electrical circuits
(for example, switches, relays, fuses, surge suppressors, plugs,
sockets, lamp-holders and other connectors, junction boxes),
for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V; connectors for optical
fibers, optical fiber bundles or cables:

8536.10.00

Fuses.......................................................................................

..................

2.7%2/

20

40

20

40

00

8536.20.00

8536.30
8536.30.40

Glass cartridge................................................................

No.

Other.................................................................................
Automatic circuit breakers....................................................

No.
..................

2.7%2/

Molded case.....................................................................

Other.................................................................................

Other apparatus for protecting electrical circuits:

No.

No.

Motor overload protectors..............................................

No.............

Free2/

8536.30.80

00

Other3/...............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Relays:

8536.41.00

For a voltage not exceeding 60 V..................................

..................

2.7%2/

8536.49.00

05

20

30

45

50

60

50

55

65

75

80

Automotive signaling flashers.................................

No.

Other:

With contacts rated at less than 10 A:

Electromechanical.......................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

Contactors...................................................

No.

Other:

Electromechanical................................

No.

Other......................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

2.7%2/

With contacts rated at less than 10 A:

Electromechanical.............................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Contactors..........................................................

No.

Other:

Electromechanical.......................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electrical apparatus for switching or protecting electrical
circuits, or for making connections to or in electrical circuits
(for example, switches, relays, fuses, surge suppressors, plugs,
sockets, lamp-holders and other connectors, junction boxes),
for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V; connectors for optical
fibers, optical fiber bundles or cables: (con.)

Other switches:

Motor starters...................................................................

No.............

Free2/

35%

XVI
85-66

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8536 (con.)

8536.50
8536.50.40

00

8536.50.70

00

Other:

Electronic AC switches consisting of optically
coupled input and output circuits (insulated
thyristor AC switches); electronic switches,
including temperature protected switches,
consisting of a transistor and a logic chip
(chip-on-chip technology); electromechanical
snap-action switches for a current not exceeding
11 amps3/...................................................................

No.............

Free1/

8536.50.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free2/

20

25

31

32

33
35
40

45

50

55

65

Rotary:

Rated at not over 5 A..................................

No.

Rated at over 5 A........................................

No.

Push-button:

Rated at not over 5 A

Momentary contact..............................

No.

Other, gang switches...........................

No.

Other......................................................
Rated at over 5 A........................................
Snap-action, other than limit.............................

No.
No.
No.

Knife....................................................................

No.

Slide....................................................................

No.

Limit.....................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

35%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8536 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-67

2

Electrical apparatus for switching or protecting electrical
circuits, or for making connections to or in electrical circuits
(for example, switches, relays, fuses, surge suppressors, plugs,
sockets, lamp-holders and other connectors, junction boxes),
for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V; connectors for optical
fibers, optical fiber bundles or cables: (con.)
Lamp-holders, plugs and sockets:

8536.61.00

00

Lamp-holders...................................................................

No.............

2.7%5/

8536.69
8536.69.40

10

20

30

40

51
00

8536.69.80

Other:

Coaxial connectors; cylindrical multicontact
connectors; rack and panel connectors; printed
circuit connectors; ribbon or flat cable
connectors.................................................................
Coaxial connectors............................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Cylindrical multicontact connectors.................

No.

Rack and panel connectors..............................

No.

Printed circuit connectors.................................

No.

Ribbon or flat cable connectors.......................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

2.7%5/

8536.70.00

00

Connectors for optical fibers, optical fiber bundles or
cables......................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

8536.90
8536.90.40

00

8536.90.60

00

8536.90.85

10

30

85

Other apparatus:

Terminals, electrical splices and electrical couplings;
wafer probers3/.................................................................

Battery clamps of a kind used in motor vehicles of
heading 8702, 8703, 8704 or 8711...............................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

2.7%9/

Other.................................................................................
Electrical distribution ducts.....................................

..................
kg

Free15/

Junction boxes..........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
85-68

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8537

8537.10
8537.10.30

00

Boards, panels, consoles, desks, cabinets and other bases,
equipped with two or more apparatus of heading 8535 or 8536,
for electric control or the distribution of electricity, including
those incorporating instruments or apparatus of chapter 90,
and numerical control apparatus, other than switching
apparatus of heading 8517:

For a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V:

Assembled with outer housing or supports, for the
goods of headings 8421, 8422, 8450 or 8516.............

No.............

2.7%1/

8537.10.60

00

Motor control centers......................................................

No.............

2.7%2/

8537.10.80

00

Other:

Touch-sensitive data input devices (so-called
"touch screens") without display capabilities, for
incorporation into apparatus having a display,
which function by detecting the presence and
location of a touch within the display area (such
sensing may be obtained by means of resistance,
electrostatic capacity, acoustic pulse recognition,
infra-red lights or other touch-sensitive
technology)................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8537.10.91

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.7%5/

20

30

50

60

70

20

40

8537.20.00

Switchgear assemblies and switchboards......

No.

Numerical controls for controlling machine
tools.....................................................................

No.

Other:

Panel boards and distribution boards.......

No.

Programmable controllers..........................

No.

Other3/...........................................................
For a voltage exceeding 1,000 V..........................................

No.
..................

2.7%2/

Switchgear assemblies and switchboards...................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-69

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8538

8538.10.00

00

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with the apparatus
of heading 8535, 8536 or 8537:

Boards, panels, consoles, desks, cabinets and other bases
for the goods of heading 8537, not equipped with their
apparatus................................................................................

No.............

Free15/

8538.90

Other:

8538.90.10

00

Printed circuit assemblies:

Of an article of heading 8537 for one of the articles
described in additional U.S. note 11 to chapter
85................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

8538.90.30

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

3.5%5/

8538.90.40

00

Other, for the articles of subheading 8535.90.40,
8536.30.40 or 8536.50.40, of ceramic or metallic
materials, electrically or mechanically reactive to
changes in temperature..................................................

No.............

3.5%2/

8538.90.60

00

Molded parts.............................................................

kg..............

3.5%2/

Other:

8538.90.81

Other..........................................................................

..................

3.5%2/

20

40

60

80

Of automatic circuit breakers...........................

No.

Other:

Metal contacts.............................................

kg

Other parts of switchgear, switchboards,
panel boards and distribution boards.......

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

10

30

50

60

40

80

40

80

8539.21
8539.21.20

8539.21.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-70

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8539

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electrical filament or discharge lamps, including sealed beam
lamp units and ultraviolet or infrared lamps; arc lamps;
light-emitting diode (LED) light sources; parts thereof:

8539.10.00

Sealed beam lamp units........................................................

..................

2%5/

20%14/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Under 15.24 cm:

For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29 or heading 8702,
8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711.......................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

15.24 cm or over:

For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29 or heading 8702,
8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711.......................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other filament lamps, excluding ultraviolet or infrared
lamps:

Tungsten halogen:

Designed for a voltage not exceeding 100 V.........
For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29 or heading 8702,
8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711................................

..................

Free5/

20%

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

2.6%5/

Of a power less than 500 W.............................

No.

Of a power 500 W or more...............................

No.

8539.22

Other, of a power not exceeding 200 W and for a
voltage exceeding 100 V:

8539.22.40

00

Christmas-tree lamps...............................................

No.............

5.8%

8539.22.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.6%

10

30

40

60
70

Of a power not exceeding 150 W:

3-way............................................................

No.

Decorative....................................................

No.

Other, including standard household:
Of a power 15 W or more but not
exceeding 150 W.................................

Other......................................................
Of a power exceeding 150 W...........................

No.

No.
No.

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-71

2

Electrical filament or discharge lamps, including sealed beam
lamp units and ultraviolet or infrared lamps; arc lamps;
light-emitting diode (LED) light sources; parts thereof: (con.)
Other filament lamps, excluding ultraviolet or infrared
lamps: (con.)
Other:

Designed for a voltage not exceeding 100 V:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8539 (con.)

8539.29

8539.29.10

00

Christmas-tree lamps........................................

No.............

5.8%

8539.29.20

00

Lamps having glass envelopes not over 6.35
mm in maximum diameter and suitable for use
in cystoscopes and other surgical
instruments.........................................................

No.............

5.2%9/

8539.29.30

8539.29.40

20

50

60
00

Other...................................................................
Flashlight lamps..........................................

..................
No.

Free9/

Other:

Designed for a voltage of 12 V or more
but not exceeding 14 V........................

No.

Other......................................................
Designed for a voltage exceeding 100 V...............

No.
No.............

2.6%9/

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.9% (JP)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.6% (JP)

55%

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-72

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8539 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electrical filament or discharge lamps, including sealed beam
lamp units and ultraviolet or infrared lamps; arc lamps;
light-emitting diode (LED) light sources; parts thereof: (con.)

Discharge lamps, other than ultraviolet lamps:

8539.31.00

Fluorescent, hot cathode................................................

..................

2.4%5/

40

50

60

70

20

40

90

00

8539.32.00

8539.39
8539.39.10

1.2 m, straight tube, of a power 30 W or more but
not exceeding 40 W..................................................

No.

Other:

With a single plug-in base.................................

No.

With a single screw-in base..............................

No.

Other...................................................................
Mercury or sodium vapor lamps; metal halide lamps...

No.
..................

2.4%5/

Sodium vapor............................................................

No.

Mercury vapor...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Cold-cathode fluorescent lamps (CCFLs) for
backlighting of flat panel displays...........................

No.............

Free5/

8539.39.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

2.4%5/

8539.41.00

00

Arc lamps.........................................................................

No.............

2.6%2/

Ultraviolet or infrared lamps; arc lamps:

8539.49.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.4%5/

40

80

Ultraviolet lamps.......................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

20%14/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%14/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8539 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-73

2

Electrical filament or discharge lamps, including sealed beam
lamp units and ultraviolet or infrared lamps; arc lamps;
light-emitting diode (LED) light sources; parts thereof: (con.)

Light-emitting diode (LED) light sources:

8539.51.00

00

Light-emitting diode (LED) modules..............................

No.............

Free5/

8539.52.00

Light-emitting diode (LED) lamps..................................

..................

2%

8539.90.00

8540

8540.11
8540.11.10

10

20

30

40

51

91
00

30

40

50

55

85

Of a type specified in statistical note 7(a) to this
chapter.......................................................................

Of a type specified in statistical note 7(b) to this
chapter.......................................................................

Of a type specified in statistical note 7(c) to this
chapter.......................................................................

Of a type specified in statistical note 7(d) to this
chapter.......................................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

Straight linear tubes or U-shaped tubes................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Parts........................................................................................

No.
No.............

2.6%2/

Thermionic, cold cathode or photocathode tubes (for example,
vacuum or vapor or gas filled tubes, mercury arc rectifying
tubes, cathode-ray tubes, television camera tubes); parts
thereof:

Cathode-ray television picture tubes, including video
monitor cathode-ray tubes:

Color:

Non-high definition, non-projection, having a video
display diagonal exceeding 35.56 cm....................

..................

15%5/

Having a video display diagonal:

Not exceeding 39 cm..................................

No.

Exceeding 39 cm but not exceeding
45 cm............................................................

Exceeding 45 cm but not exceeding
50 cm............................................................

Exceeding 50 cm but not exceeding
63 cm............................................................

No.

No.

No.

Exceeding 63 cm.........................................

No.

35%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-74

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8540 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Thermionic, cold cathode or photocathode tubes (for example,
vacuum or vapor or gas filled tubes, mercury arc rectifying
tubes, cathode-ray tubes, television camera tubes); parts
thereof: (con.)

Cathode-ray television picture tubes, including video
monitor cathode-ray tubes: (con.)

8540.11
(con.)

Color: (con.)

8540.11.24

01

Non-high definition, non-projection, having a video
display diagonal not exceeding 35.56 cm:

Having a video display diagonal not exceeding
34.29 cm.............................................................

No.............

7.5%5/

8540.11.28

01

Other...................................................................

No.............

15%5/

8540.11.30

00

High definition, having a video display diagonal
exceeding 35.56 cm.................................................

No.............

15%5/

8540.11.44

01

High definition, having a video display diagonal
not exceeding 35.56 cm:

Having a video display diagonal not exceeding
34.29 cm.............................................................

No.............

7.5%5/

8540.11.48

01

Other...................................................................

No.............

15%5/

8540.11.50

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

15%5/

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

60%

60%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8540 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-75

2

Thermionic, cold cathode or photocathode tubes (for example,
vacuum or vapor or gas filled tubes, mercury arc rectifying
tubes, cathode-ray tubes, television camera tubes); parts
thereof: (con.)

Cathode-ray television picture tubes, including video
monitor cathode-ray tubes: (con.)

8540.12

Monochrome:

Television picture tubes having a straight line
dimension across the faceplate greater than 29
cm but having no straight line dimension across
the faceplate that exceeds 42 cm:

8540.12.10

00

Non-high definition.............................................

No.............

3.6%5/

8540.12.20

00

High definition....................................................

No.............

3.6%5/

8540.12.50

Non-high definition.............................................

..................

3.3%5/

Other:

40

80
00

8540.12.70

Projection.....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
High definition....................................................

No.
No.............

3.3%5/

8540.20

Television camera tubes; image converters and intensifiers;
other photocathode tubes:

8540.20.20

Cathode-ray tubes...........................................................

..................

6%5/

8540.20.40

8540.40.10

40

80
00

10

50

Color...........................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

3.3%5/

Data/graphic display tubes, monochrome; data/graphic
display tubes, color, with a phosphor dot screen pitch
smaller than 0.4 mm..............................................................

..................

3%5/

Color..................................................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

60%

60%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-76

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8540 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Thermionic, cold cathode or photocathode tubes (for example,
vacuum or vapor or gas filled tubes, mercury arc rectifying
tubes, cathode-ray tubes, television camera tubes); parts
thereof: (con.)

8540.60.00

Other cathode-ray tubes.......................................................

..................

3%5/

20

65

80

Having a video display diagonal:

Not exceeding 30 cm...............................................

No.

Exceeding 30 cm but not exceeding 36 cm...........

No.

Exceeding 36 cm......................................................

No.

Microwave tubes (for example, magnetrons, klystrons,
traveling wave tubes, carcinotrons), excluding
grid-controlled tubes:
Magnetrons:

Modified for use as parts of microwave ovens......

No.............

8540.71
8540.71.20

00

8540.71.40

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

3.7%5/

8540.79
8540.79.10

00

Other:

Klystrons....................................................................

No.............

3.3%2/

8540.79.20

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

3.7%2/

8540.81.00

00

Receiver or amplifier tubes............................................

No.............

4.2%5/

Other tubes:

8540.89.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.7%2/

20

40

60

80

Gas and vapor electron tubes.................................

No.

Diodes, triodes and tetrodes...................................

No.

Light-sensing tubes..................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

35%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-77

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8540 (con.)

8540.91
8540.91.15

00

Thermionic, cold cathode or photocathode tubes (for example,
vacuum or vapor or gas filled tubes, mercury arc rectifying
tubes, cathode-ray tubes, television camera tubes); parts
thereof: (con.)
Parts:

Of cathode-ray tubes:

Front panel assemblies............................................

No.............

5.4%5/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

8540.91.20

00

Deflection coils..........................................................

No.............

8540.91.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free5/

5.4%5/

8540.99
8540.99.40

00

Other:

Electron guns; radio frequency (RF) interaction
structures for microwave tubes of subheadings
8540.71 through 8540.79, inclusive.......................

No.............

Free5/

8540.99.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

8541

8541.10.00

40

50

60

70

80

Semiconductor devices (for example, diodes, transistors,
semiconductor-based transducers); photosensitive
semiconductor devices, including photovoltaic cells whether
or not assembled in modules or made up into panels;
light-emitting diodes (LED), whether or not assembled with
other light-emitting diodes (LED); mounted piezo-electric
crystals; parts thereof:

Diodes, other than photosensitive or light-emitting diodes
(LED).......................................................................................
Unmounted chips, dice and wafers...............................

..................
No.

Free20/

Other:

Zener..........................................................................

No.

Microwave.................................................................

No.

Other:

With a maximum current of 0.5 A or less........

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

XVI
85-78

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8541 (con.)

8541.21.00

8541.29.00

8541.30.00

40

75

95

40

55

65

85

40

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Semiconductor devices (for example, diodes, transistors,
semiconductor-based transducers); photosensitive
semiconductor devices, including photovoltaic cells whether
or not assembled in modules or made up into panels;
light-emitting diodes (LED), whether or not assembled with
other light-emitting diodes (LED); mounted piezo-electric
crystals; parts thereof: (con.)

Transistors, other than photosensitive transistors:

With a dissipation rate of less than 1 W........................
Unmounted chips, dice and wafers........................

..................
No.

Free20/

Other:

With an operating frequency not less than
100 MHz.............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Unmounted chips, dice and wafers........................

No.
..................
No.

Free20/

Other:

With an operating frequency less than
30 MHz................................................................

With an operating frequency 30 MHz or greater
but less than 30,000 MHz.................................

With an operating frequency 30,000 MHz or
greater.................................................................

No.

No.

No.

Thyristors, diacs and triacs, other than photosensitive
devices....................................................................................
Unmounted chips, dice and wafers...............................

..................
No.

Free20/

Other.................................................................................

No.

35%

35%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8541 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-79

2

Semiconductor devices (for example, diodes, transistors,
semiconductor-based transducers); photosensitive
semiconductor devices, including photovoltaic cells whether
or not assembled in modules or made up into panels;
light-emitting diodes (LED), whether or not assembled with
other light-emitting diodes (LED); mounted piezo-electric
crystals; parts thereof: (con.)

Photosensitive semiconductor devices, including
photovoltaic cells whether or not assembled in modules or
made up into panels; light-emitting diodes (LED):

8541.41.00

00

Light-emitting diodes (LED)...........................................

No.............

Free2/

8541.42.00

8541.43.00

8541.49
8541.49.10

8541.49.70

10

80

10

80

10

50

40

80

Photovoltaic cells not assembled in modules or made
up into panels ..................................................................
Crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells of a kind
described in statistical note 10 to this chapter......

Other..........................................................................

Photovoltaic cells assembled in modules or made up
into panels........................................................................
Crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells of a kind
described in statistical note 10 to this chapter23/....

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free21/

No.
W

No.
W

..................

Free22/

No.
W

No.
W

Other:

Other diodes..............................................................
Unmounted chips, dice and wafers.................

..................
No.

Free20/

Other...................................................................
Transistors................................................................
Unmounted chips, dice and wafers.................

No.
..................
No.

Free20/

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

8541.49.80

00

8541.49.95

00

Optical coupled isolators..................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

8541.51.00

00

Semiconductor-based transducers...............................

No.............

Other semiconductor devices:

8541.59.00

8541.60.00

Other.................................................................................
Unmounted chips, dice and wafers........................

..................
No.

Other..........................................................................
Mounted piezoelectric crystals.............................................

No.
..................

Quartz designed for operating frequencies of:

32.768 kHz................................................................

No.

Not exceeding 1 MHz, except 32.768 kHz............

No.

Exceeding 1 MHz, but not exceeding 5 MHZ........

No.

Exceeding 5 MHZ, but not exceeding 20 MHz......

No.

Exceeding 20 MHZ...................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.

40

80

10

20

30

50

60
80

Free20/

Free20/

Free20/

Free20/

Free2/

20%14/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

XVI
85-80

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8541 (con.)

8541.90.00

10

80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Semiconductor devices (for example, diodes, transistors,
semiconductor-based transducers); photosensitive
semiconductor devices, including photovoltaic cells whether
or not assembled in modules or made up into panels;
light-emitting diodes (LED), whether or not assembled with
other light-emitting diodes (LED); mounted piezo-electric
crystals; parts thereof: (con.)

Parts........................................................................................
Frames for photovoltaic cells assembled in modules
or made up into panels (as covered by subheading
8541.43.00)......................................................................

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free24/

35%

No.

No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

8542

Electronic integrated circuits; parts thereof:

Electronic integrated circuits:

8542.31.00

Processors and controllers, whether or not combined
with memories, converters, logic circuits, amplifiers,
clock and timing circuits, or other circuits....................

..................

Free20/

35%

XVI
85-81

2

15

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

55

60

65
70

75

02

24

28

32

36
41

51

61

71
01

10

20

30

40

50
70

90
00

8542.32.00

8542.33.00

8542.39.00

8542.90.00

Controllers (including microcontrollers):

8-bit.....................................................................

No.

16-bit...................................................................

No.

32-bit...................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Processors (including microprocessors):

Digital signal processors (DSPs).....................

No.

Graphics processing units (GPUs)..................

No.

Central processing units (CPUs).....................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Programmable logic devices (PLDs):

Complex programmable logic devices
(CPLDs)..............................................................

No.

Field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs)......

No.

Other...................................................................
System on chip (SoCs)............................................

No.
No.

Other..........................................................................
Memories..........................................................................
Dynamic read-write random access (DRAM):

No.
..................

Free20/

Not over 128 megabits......................................

No.

Over 128 megabits but not over 256
megabits.............................................................

Over 256 megabits but not over 512
megabits.............................................................

No.

No.

Over 512 megabits but not over 1 gigabit.......

No.

Over 1 gigabit.....................................................
Static read-write random access (SRAM).............

No.
No.

Electrically erasable programmable read-only
memory (EEPROM).................................................

Erasable (except electrically) programmable
read-only memory (EPROM)...................................

No.

No.

Other..........................................................................
Amplifiers.........................................................................

No.
No.............

Other.................................................................................
RF transceivers.........................................................

..................
No.

Free20/

Free20/

Active filters...............................................................

No.

Data converters:

Analog to digital converters (ADCs)................

No.

Digital to analog converters (DACs)................

No.

Other...................................................................
With adjustable performance characteristics, not
elsewhere specified or included..............................

No.

No.

Other..........................................................................
Parts........................................................................................

No.
No.............

Free20/

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-82

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8543

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Electrical machines and apparatus, having individual functions,
not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter; parts
thereof:

8543.10.00

00

Particle accelerators..............................................................

No.............

1.9%2/

8543.20.00

00

Signal generators...................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8543.30

8543.30.20

00

Machines and apparatus for electroplating, electrolysis or
electrophoresis:

Of a kind used solely or principally for the manufacture
of printed circuits.............................................................

No.............

Free2/

8543.30.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.6%2/

40

80

30

40

00

8543.40.00

8543.70
8543.70.20

Magnesium anodes..................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Electronic cigarettes and similar personal electric
vaporizing devices.................................................................

..................

2.6%1/

With substances containing nicotine.............................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Other machines and apparatus:

Physical vapor deposition apparatus............................

No.............

2.5%2/

Electric synchros and transducers; flight data
recorders; defrosters and demisters with electric
resistors for aircraft:

8543.70.42

00

8543.70.45

00

Flight data recorders................................................

No.............

Free2/

Other3/........................................................................

No.............

2.6%1/

8543.70.60

00

Articles designed for connection to telegraphic or
telephonic apparatus or instruments or to telegraphic
or telephonic networks....................................................

No.............

Free2/

8543.70.71

00

Electric luminescent lamps.............................................

No.............

2%5/

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-83

2

Electrical machines and apparatus, having individual functions,
not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter; parts
thereof: (con.)

Other machines and apparatus: (con.)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8543 (con.)

8543.70
(con.)

8543.70.80

00

Microwave amplifiers...............................................

No.............

Other:

Other:

For electrical nerve stimulation........................

No.............

Free2/

Free5/

8543.70.85

00

8543.70.88

00

8543.70.89

00

8543.70.91

00

8543.70.93

01

8543.70.95

00

8543.70.97

00

Electrical machines with translation or
dictionary functions; video game console
controllers which use infrared transmissions
to operate or access the various functions and
capabilities of the console.................................

Other portable battery operated electronic
readers for recording and reproducing text,
still images or audio files...................................

Digital signal processing apparatus capable
of connecting to a wired or wireless network
for the mixing of sound3/....................................

No.............

Free

No.............

Free9/

No.............

Free5/

Portable interactive electronic education
devices primarily designed for children...........

No.............

Free

Touch-sensitive data input devices (so-called
"touch screens") without display capabilities,
for incorporation into apparatus having a
display, which function by detecting the
presence and location of a touch within the
display area (such sensing may be obtained
by means of resistance, electrostatic capacity,
acoustic pulse recognition, infra-red lights or
other touch-sensitive technology)....................

Plasma cleaner machines that remove organic
contaminants from electron microscopy
specimens and specimen holders...................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

8543.70.98

Other...................................................................

..................

2.6%1/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

60

Amplifiers.....................................................

No.

Special effects pedals for use with musical
instruments..................................................

No.

Other3/...........................................................

No.

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVI
85-84

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8543 (con.)

8543.90
8543.90.12

00

Electrical machines and apparatus, having individual functions,
not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter; parts
thereof: (con.)
Parts:

Of physical vapor deposition apparatus of subheading
8543.70............................................................................

Assemblies and subassemblies for flight data
recorders, consisting of two or more parts or pieces
fastened or joined together:

No.............

Free2/

8543.90.15

00

Printed circuit assemblies........................................

No.............

8543.90.35

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

Other:

Printed circuit assemblies:

8543.90.65

00

Of flat panel displays other than for articles of
heading 8528, except for subheadings
8528.52 or 8528.62...........................................

No.............

Free2/

8543.90.68

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free2/

8543.90.85

00

8543.90.88

45

65

85

8544

Other:

Of flat panel displays other than for articles of
heading 8528, except for subheadings
8528.52 or 8528.62...........................................

No.............

Free5/

Other...................................................................
Of particle accelerators..............................

..................
No.

Free13/

Of electronic cigarettes and similar
personal electric vaporizing devices.........

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Insulated (including enameled or anodized) wire, cable
(including coaxial cable) and other insulated electric
conductors, whether or not fitted with connectors; optical fiber
cables, made up of individually sheathed fibers, whether or
not assembled with electric conductors or fitted with
connectors:

Winding wire:

8544.11.00

Of copper.........................................................................

..................

3.5%2/

20

30

50
00

8544.19.00

33 AWG (0.18 mm in diameter) and finer..............

kg

22 AWG (0.643 mm in diameter) and finer but
larger than 33 AWG (0.18 mm in diameter)..........

kg

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg
kg..............

3.9%2/

8544.20.00

00

Coaxial cable and other coaxial electric conductors..........

kg..............

5.3%5/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8544 (con.)

8544.30.00

00

8544.42
8544.42.10

00

8544.42.20

00

8544.42.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-85

2

Insulated (including enameled or anodized) wire, cable
(including coaxial cable) and other insulated electric
conductors, whether or not fitted with connectors; optical fiber
cables, made up of individually sheathed fibers, whether or
not assembled with electric conductors or fitted with
connectors: (con.)

Ignition wiring sets and other wiring sets of a kind used in
vehicles, aircraft or ships......................................................

No.............

5%2/

30%14/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other electric conductors, for a voltage not exceeding
1,000 V:

Fitted with connectors:

Fitted with modular telephone connectors.............

No.............

Free5/

Other:

Of a kind used for telecommunications3/.........

No.............

Free5/

Other...................................................................

..................

2.6%5/

10

90

Extension cords as defined in statistical
note 6 to this chapter..................................

No.

Other3/...........................................................

No.

8544.49

Other:

8544.49.10

00

8544.49.20

00

For a voltage not exceeding 80 V:

Of a kind used for telecommunications...........

kg..............

Other...................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

3.5%1/

8544.49.30

Of copper............................................................

..................

5.3%2/

Other:

40

80
00

8544.49.90

For a voltage exceeding 600 V..................

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
kg..............

3.9%2/

35%

35%

35%

40%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVI
85-86

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8544 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Insulated (including enameled or anodized) wire, cable
(including coaxial cable) and other insulated electric
conductors, whether or not fitted with connectors; optical fiber
cables, made up of individually sheathed fibers, whether or
not assembled with electric conductors or fitted with
connectors: (con.)

8544.60
8544.60.20

00

Other electric conductors, for a voltage exceeding 1,000 V:
Fitted with connectors.....................................................

No.............

3.7%2/

8544.60.40

00

Of copper...................................................................

kg..............

3.5%2/

Other:

8544.60.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.2%1/

8544.70.00

00

Optical fiber cables................................................................

Fiber m......

Free2/

8545

Carbon electrodes, carbon brushes, lamp carbons, battery
carbons and other articles of graphite or other carbon, with or
without metal, of a kind used for electrical purposes:

Electrodes:

8545.11.00

Of a kind used for furnaces............................................

..................

Free5/

10

20
50

00

00
00

00

8545.19
8545.19.20

8545.19.40
8545.20.00

8545.90
8545.90.20

Graphite:

Not exceeding 425 mm in diameter.................

Exceeding 425 mm in diameter........................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other:

Of a kind used for electrolytic purposes.................

kg..............

Other..........................................................................
Brushes...................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

Other:

Arc light carbons..............................................................

kg..............

8545.90.40

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free5/

Free5/
Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

40%

35%

65%

45%

45%

45%
45%

60%

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVI
85-87

2

8546
8546.10.00

Electrical insulators of any material:

00

Of glass...................................................................................

No.............

2.9%5/

8546.20.00

Of ceramics.............................................................................

..................

3%5/

30

60
90
00

8546.90.00

8547

8547.10
8547.10.40

00

Used in high-voltage, low-frequency electrical systems:
Commonly known as suspension, pin-type or line
post insulators...........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
No.
No.............

Free5/

Insulating fittings for electrical machines, appliances or
equipment, being fittings wholly of insulating material apart
from any minor components of metal (for example, threaded
sockets) incorporated during molding solely for the purposes
of assembly, other than insulators of heading 8546; electrical
conduit tubing and joints therefor, of base metal lined with
insulating material:

Insulating fittings of ceramics:

Ceramic insulators to be used in the production of
spark plugs for natural gas-fueled, stationary, internal
combustion engines........................................................

No.............

3%5/

8547.10.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3%5/

8547.20.00

00

Insulating fittings of plastics..................................................

No.............

8547.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

Free5/

4.6%25/

10

20

30

40

Other insulating fittings...................................................

No.

Electrical conduit tubing and joints therefor, of base
metal lined with insulating material:

Conduit tubing...........................................................

kg

Joints:

Threaded............................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

50%

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

30%14/

60%

60%

30%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8548.00.00

00

Electrical parts of machinery or apparatus, not specified or
included elsewhere in this chapter..............................................

No.............

Free5/

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
85-88

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8549

Electrical and electronic waste and scrap:

..................

Free9/

11.5%

8549.11

8549.11.10

8549.11.90
8549.12
8549.12.40

40

80

00

00

8549.12.80
8549.13.00

00
00

8549.14.00

00

Waste and scrap of primary cells, primary batteries and
electric accumulators; spent primary cells, spent primary
batteries and spent electric accumulators:

Waste and scrap of lead-acid accumulators; spent
lead-acid accumulators:

For recovery of lead..................................................
Lead-acid storage batteries, of a kind used for
starting engines..................................................

Other...................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other, containing lead, cadmium or mercury:

For recovery of lead..................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
kg..............

Free9/

No.............
kg

Free9/

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free9/

Sorted by chemical type and not containing lead,
cadmium or mercury.......................................................

Unsorted and not containing lead, cadmium or
mercury.............................................................................

kg..............

Free9/

kg..............

Free9/

8549.19.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free9/

8549.21.00

00

Of a kind used principally for the recovery of precious
metal:

Containing primary cells, primary batteries, electric
accumulators, mercury-switches, glass from
cathode-ray tubes or other activated glass, or electrical
or electronic components containing cadmium,
mercury, lead or polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs).....

kg..............

Free5/

8549.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free5/

8549.31.00

00

Other electrical and electronic assemblies and printed
circuit boards:

Containing primary cells, primary batteries, electric
accumulators, mercury-switches, glass from
cathode-ray tubes or other activated glass, or electrical
or electronic components containing cadmium,
mercury, lead or polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs).....

kg..............

Free5/

8549.39.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free5/

8549.91.00

00

Other:

Containing primary cells, primary batteries, electric
accumulators, mercury-switches, glass from
cathode-ray tubes or other activated glass, or electrical
or electronic components containing cadmium,
mercury, lead or polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs).....

kg..............

Free5/

8549.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free5/

Free

11.5%

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVI
Endnotes--page 85 - 89

1/ See 9903.88.02.
2/ See 9903.88.01.
3/ See 9903.88.69.
4/ See General Note 6.
5/ See 9903.88.03.
6/ See 9903.45.25 and 9903.88.02.
7/ See 9903.45.25 and 9903.88.03.
8/ See 9903.88.02 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
9/ See 9903.88.15.
10/ See 9903.91.06.
11/ See 9903.88.15 and 9903.91.06.
12/ See 9903.91.01.
13/ See 9903.88.03 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
14/ See 9903.90.08.
15/ See 9903.88.01 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
16/ See 9903.88.04 and 9903.88.15.
17/ See 9903.88.15 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
18/ Report quantity as indicated in additional U.S. note 4(b) to this chapter.
19/ See statistical note 5 to this chapter.
20/ See 9903.91.05.
21/ See 9903.45.21, 9903.45.22, 9903.45.27 and 9903.91.02.
22/ See 9903.45.25, 9903.45.27 and 9903.91.02 .
23/ See 9903.45.29.
24/ See 9903.91.05 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
25/ See 9903.88.03, U.S. note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XVII

VEHICLES, AIRCRAFT, VESSELS AND
ASSOCIATED TRANSPORT EQUIPMENT

Notes

XVII-1

1.

2.

This section does not cover articles of heading 9503 or 9508, or sleds, bobsleds, toboggans or the like of heading 9506.

The expressions "parts"and"parts and accessories" do not apply to the following articles, whether or not they are identifiable as
for the goods of this section:

(a) Joints, washers or the like of any material (classified according to their constituent material or in heading 8484) or other

articles of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber (heading 4016);

(b) Parts of general use, as defined in note 2 to section XV, of base metal (section XV) or similar goods of plastics (chapter 39);

(c) Articles of chapter 82 (tools);

(d) Articles of heading 8306;

(e) Machines or apparatus of headings 8401 to 8479, or parts thereof, other than the radiators for the articles of this section;
articles of heading 8481 or 8482 or, provided they constitute integral parts of engines or motors, articles of heading 8483;

(f) Electrical machinery or equipment (chapter 85);

(g) Articles of chapter 90;

(h) Articles of chapter 91;

(ij) Arms (chapter 93);

(k) Luminaires and lighting fittings and parts thereof of heading 9405; or

(l) Brushes of a kind used as parts of vehicles (heading 9603).

3. References in chapters 86 to 88 to "parts"or"accessories" do not apply to parts or accessories which are not suitable for use

solely or principally with the articles of those chapters. A part or accessory which answers to a description in two or more of the
headings of those chapters is to be classified under that heading which corresponds to the principal use of that part or accessory.

4.

For the purposes of this section:

(a) Vehicles specially constructed to travel on both road and rail are classified under the appropriate heading of chapter 87;

(b) Amphibious motor vehicles are classified under the appropriate heading of chapter 87;

(c) Aircraft specially constructed so that they can also be used as road vehicles are classified under the appropriate heading of

chapter 88.

5. Air-cushion vehicles are to be classified within this section with the vehicles to which they are most akin as follows:

(a)

In chapter 86 if designed to travel on a guide-track (hovertrains);

(b)

In chapter 87 if designed to travel over land or over both land and water;

(c)

In chapter 89 if designed to travel over water, whether or not able to land on beaches or landing-stages or also able to travel
over ice.

Parts and accessories of air-cushion vehicles are to be classified in the same way as those of vehicles of the heading in which
the air-cushion vehicles are classified under the above provisions.

Hovertrain track fixtures and fittings are to be classified as railway track fixtures and fittings, and signaling, safety or traffic control
equipment for hovertrain transport systems as signaling, safety or traffic control equipment for railways.

XVII-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 86

RAILWAY OR TRAMWAY LOCOMOTIVES, ROLLING STOCK AND PARTS THEREOF;
RAILWAY OR TRAMWAY TRACK FIXTURES AND FITTINGS AND PARTS THEREOF;
MECHANICAL (INCLUDING ELECTRO-MECHANICAL) TRAFFIC SIGNALING
EQUIPMENT OF ALL KINDS

XVII
86-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Railway or tramway sleepers (cross-ties) of wood or of concrete, or concrete guide-track sections for hovertrains (heading

4406 or 6810);

(b) Railway or tramway track construction material of iron or steel of heading 7302; or

(c) Electrical signaling, safety or traffic control equipment of heading 8530.

2. Heading 8607 applies, inter alia, to:

(a) Axles, wheels, wheel sets (running gear), metal tires, hoops and hubs and other parts of wheels;

(b) Frames, underframes, truck assemblies;

(c) Axle boxes; brake gear;

(d) Buffers for rolling-stock; hooks and other coupling gear and corridor connections;

(e) Coachwork.

3. Subject to the provisions of note 1 above, heading 8608 applies, inter alia, to:

(a) Assembled track, turntables, platform buffers, loading gauges;

(b) Semaphores, mechanical signal discs, level crossing control gear, signal and point controls, and other mechanical (including
electro-mechanical) signaling, safety or traffic control equipment, whether or not fitted for electric lighting, for railways,
tramways, roads, inland waterways, parking facilities, port installations or airfields.

Additional U.S. Note

1. Railway locomotives (provided for in headings 8601 and 8602) and railway freight cars (provided for in heading 8606) on which
no duty is owed are not subject to the entry or release requirements for imported merchandise set forth in Sections 448 and 484
of the Tariff Act of 1930. The Secretary of the Treasury may by regulation establish appropriate reporting requirements, including
the requirement that a bond be posted to ensure compliance.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
86-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8601

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Rail locomotives powered from an external source of electricity
or by electric accumulators (batteries):

8601.10.00

00

Powered from an external source of electricity...................

No.............

8601.20.00

00

Powered by electric accumulators (batteries)....................

No.............

8602
8602.10.00

Other rail locomotives; locomotive tenders:

00

Diesel-electric locomotives...................................................

No.............

8602.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

8603

Self-propelled railway or tramway coaches, vans and trucks,
other than those of heading 8604:

8603.10.00

00

Powered from an external source of electricity...................

No.............

8603.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free2/

Free2/

Free3/

5%1/

5%1/

8604.00.00

00

Railway or tramway maintenance or service vehicles, whether
or not self-propelled (for example, workshops, cranes, ballast
tampers, trackliners, testing coaches and track inspection
vehicles).........................................................................................

No.............

2.9%1/

8605.00.00

00

Railway or tramway passenger coaches, not self- propelled;
luggage vans, post office coaches and other special purpose
railway or tramway coaches, not self- propelled (excluding
those of heading 8604)................................................................

No.............

14%2/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
86-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8606
8606.10.00

Railway or tramway freight cars, not self-propelled:

00

Tank cars and the like...........................................................

No.............

14%2/

8606.30.00

00

Self-discharging cars, other than those of subheading
8606.10...................................................................................

No.............

14%2/

8606.91.00

00

Covered and closed........................................................

No.............

14%2/

Other:

8606.92.00

00

Open, with non-removable sides of a height exceeding
60 cm................................................................................

No.............

14%2/

8606.99.01

Other.................................................................................

..................

14%2/

30

60

Flatcars having a flat floor or deck laid on the
underframe, with no roof and with no raised sides
or ends.......................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
86-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8607

Parts of railway or tramway locomotives or rolling stock:

Truck assemblies, axles and wheels, and parts thereof:

8607.11.00

00

Truck assemblies for self-propelled vehicles...............

No.............

8607.12.00

00

Other truck assemblies...................................................

No.............

Free2/

3.6%1/

8607.19

Other, including parts:

Axles and parts thereof:

8607.19.03

00

Axles....................................................................

kg..............

0.4%2/

8607.19.06

00

Parts of axles......................................................

kg..............

0.4%1/

8607.19.12

00

8607.19.15
8607.19.30

00

10

20

90
00

8607.19.90

8607.21
8607.21.10

00

Wheels and parts thereof, and any of such wheels
or parts imported with axles fitted in them:

Wheels, whether or not fitted with axles..........

kg..............

Parts of wheels...................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Parts of truck assemblies of vehicles of heading
8605 or 8606.............................................................

..................

3.6%2/

Bolsters...............................................................

Side frames........................................................

kg

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

2.6%1/

Brakes and parts thereof:

Air brakes and parts thereof:

For vehicles of heading 8605 or 86065/..................

kg..............

3.6%1/

8607.21.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.9%1/

8607.29
8607.29.10

00

Other:

For vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606....................

kg..............

3.6%1/

8607.29.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

2.6%1/

35%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3%

3%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.2¢/kg4/

2.2¢/kg

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

35%

45%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
86-5

Parts of railway or tramway locomotives or rolling stock: (con.)
Hooks and other coupling devices, buffers, and parts
thereof:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8607 (con.)
8607.30

8607.30.10

For vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606..........................

..................

3.6%2/

10

50

90
00

8607.30.50

Assembled freight rail couplers...............................

kg..............

Freight rail coupler parts..........................................

kg..............

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg..............
kg..............

2.6%2/

Other:

8607.91.00

00

Of locomotives.................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

8607.99
8607.99.10

00

Other:

For vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606, except
brake regulators........................................................

kg..............

2.8%1/

8607.99.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

3.1%1/

8608.00.00

00

Railway or tramway track fixtures and fittings; mechanical
(including electro-mechanical) signaling, safety or traffic control
equipment for railways, tramways, roads, inland waterways,
parking facilities, port installations or airfields; parts of the
foregoing........................................................................................

kg..............

3.8%1/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

45%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

8609.00.00

00

Containers (including containers for the transport of fluids)
specially designed and equipped for carriage by one or more
modes of transport........................................................................

No.............

Free

25%4/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
Endnotes--page 86 - 6
1/ See 9903.88.01.
2/ See 9903.88.02.
3/ See 9903.88.03.
4/ See 9903.90.08.
5/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 87

VEHICLES OTHER THAN RAILWAY OR TRAMWAY ROLLING STOCK,
AND PARTS AND ACCESSORIES THEREOF

Notes

1.

2.

This chapter does not cover railway or tramway rolling stock designed solely for running on rails.

For the purposes of this chapter, "tractors" means vehicles constructed essentially for hauling or pushing another vehicle,
appliance or load, whether or not they contain subsidiary provision for the transport, in connection with the main use of the tractor,
of tools, seeds, fertilizers or other goods.

Machines and working tools designed for fitting to tractors of heading 8701 as interchangeable equipment remain classified in
their respective headings even if presented with the tractor, and whether or not mounted on it.

XVII
87-1

3. Motor chassis fitted with cabs fall in headings 8702 to 8704, and not in heading 8706.

4. Heading 8712 includes all children's bicycles. Other children's cycles fall in heading 9503.

Subheading Note

1. Subheading 8708.22.00 covers:

(a)

front windscreens (windshields), rear windows and other windows, framed; and

(b)

front windscreens (windshields), rear windows and other windows, whether or not framed, incorporating heating devices or
other electrical or electronic devices, when suitable for use solely or principally with the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to
8705.

Additional U.S. Notes

1. Road tractors, trailers and semi-trailers remain separately classified in headings 8701 and 8716, respectively, even when entered

together.

2.

For the purposes of classifying bicycles under the provisions therefore in heading 8712, the diameter of each wheel is the diameter
measured to the outer circumference of the tire which is mounted thereon or, if none is mounted thereon, of the usual tire for
such wheel.

Statistical Note

1.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers in headings 8701 and 8703, report as “new” only those motor vehicles that
have been produced or assembled but have not been sold to any person or entity other than a manufacturer, distributor or dealer.
Report as “used” only those motor vehicles the equitable or legal title to which has been transferred via a first sale by a
manufacturer, distributor or dealer to an ultimate purchaser.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
87-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8701
8701.10.01

8701.21.00

Tractors (other than tractors of heading 8709):

00

Single axle tractors................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Road tractors for semi-trailers:

With only compression-ignition internal combustion
piston engine (diesel or semi-diesel).............................

..................

4%3/

8701.22.00

8701.23.00

8701.24.00

8701.29.00

15

45
80

15

45
80

15

45
80

15

45
80

15

45
80

New:

G.V.W. not exceeding 36,287 kg.....................

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 36,287 kg............................
Used...........................................................................

No.
No.

With both compression-ignition internal combustion
piston engine (diesel or semi-diesel) and electric motor
as motors for propulsion.................................................

..................

4%3/

New:

G.V.W. not exceeding 36,287 kg.....................

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 36,287 kg............................
Used...........................................................................

No.
No.

With both spark-ignition internal combustion piston
engine and electric motor as motors for propulsion.....

..................

4%3/

New:

G.V.W. not exceeding 36,287 kg.....................

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 36,287 kg............................
Used...........................................................................
With only electric motor for propulsion..........................

No.
No.
..................

4%3/

New:

G.V.W. not exceeding 36,287 kg.....................

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 36,287 kg............................
Used...........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.
..................

4%3/

New:

G.V.W. not exceeding 36,287 kg.....................

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 36,287 kg............................
Used...........................................................................

No.
No.

Free2/

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
87-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8701 (con.)
8701.30
8701.30.10

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tractors (other than tractors of heading 8709): (con.)

Track-laying tractors:

Suitable for agricultural use...........................................

..................

Free1/

Free

15

30

45

60

75

90

15

30

45

60

75

90

00

00

00

00

00

00

00

00

00

8701.30.50

8701.91
8701.91.10

8701.91.50
8701.92
8701.92.10

8701.92.50
8701.93
8701.93.10

8701.93.50
8701.94
8701.94.10

8701.94.50
8701.95
8701.95.10

New:

With a net engine power of less than
93.3 kW...............................................................

With a net engine power of 93.3 kW or more
but less than 119.4 kW......................................

With a net engine power of 119.4 kW or more
but less than 194 kW.........................................

With a net engine power of 194 kW or more
but less than 257.4 kW......................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

With a net engine power of 257.4 kW or
more....................................................................
Used...........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.
..................

Free3/

New:

With a net engine power of less than
93.3 kW...............................................................

With a net engine power of 93.3 kW or more
but less than 119.4 kW......................................

With a net engine power of 119.4 kW or more
but less than 194 kW.........................................

With a net engine power of 194 kW or more
but less than 257.4 kW......................................

With a net engine power of 257.4 kW or
more....................................................................
Used...........................................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.
No.

Other, of an engine power:
Not exceeding 18 kW:

For agricultural use...................................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Exceeding 18 kW but not exceeding 37 kW:

Suitable for agricultural use.....................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Exceeding 37 kW but not exceeding 75 kW:

Suitable for agricultural use.....................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Exceeding 75 kW but not exceeding 130 kW:

Suitable for agricultural use.....................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Exceeding 130 kW:

Suitable for agricultural use.....................................

No.............

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

8701.95.50

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

27.5%

Free

27.5%

Free

27.5%

Free

27.5%

Free

27.5%2/

Free2/

27.5%

XVII
87-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8702

8702.10

8702.10.31

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Motor vehicles for the transport of ten or more persons,
including the driver:

With only compression-ignition internal combustion piston
engine (diesel or semi-diesel):

Designed for the transport of 16 or more persons,
including the driver..........................................................

No.............

2%1/

8702.10.61

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2%1/

8702.20

8702.20.31

00

With both compression-ignition internal combustion piston
engine (diesel or semi-diesel) and electric motor as motors
for propulsion:

Designed for the transport of 16 or more persons,
including the driver..........................................................

No.............

2%1/

8702.20.61

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2%1/

8702.30

8702.30.31

00

With both spark-ignition internal combustion piston engine
and electric motor as motors for propulsion:

Designed for the transport of 16 or more persons,
including the driver..........................................................

No.............

2%1/

8702.30.61

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2%1/

8702.40
8702.40.31

00

With only electric motor for propulsion:

Designed for the transport of 16 or more persons,
including the driver..........................................................

No.............

2%4/

8702.40.61

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2%4/

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
87-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8702 (con.)

8702.90
8702.90.31

00

Motor vehicles for the transport of ten or more persons,
including the driver: (con.)

Other:

Designed for the transport of 16 or more persons,
including the driver..........................................................

No.............

2%4/

8702.90.61

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

2%4/

8703

8703.10

Motor cars and other motor vehicles principally designed for
the transport of persons (other than those of heading 8702),
including station wagons and racing cars:

Vehicles specially designed for traveling on snow; golf
carts and similar vehicles:

8703.10.10

00

Vehicles specially designed for traveling on snow......

No.............

2.5%5/

8703.10.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

2.5%5/

30

60

Golf carts...................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

25%

25%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

10%2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVII
87-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8703 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Motor cars and other motor vehicles principally designed for
the transport of persons (other than those of heading 8702),
including station wagons and racing cars: (con.)

Other vehicles, with only spark-ignition internal combustion
piston engines:

8703.21.01

Of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 1,000 cc............

..................

2.5%1/

8703.22.01

10

30
50

10

90

Three or four wheel off-road vehicles with straddle
seat and handlebar control:

With label indicating that vehicle is for
operation only by persons at least 16 years of
age.......................................................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,000 cc but not
exceeding 1,500 cc.........................................................

No.

No.
No.

..................

2.5%1/

New............................................................................

No.

Used...........................................................................

No.

8703.23.01

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,500 cc but not
exceeding 3,000 cc.........................................................

..................

2.5%1/

10%2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

Motor homes.............................................................

No.

Other:

New:

Having engines with not more than 4
cylinders:

Station wagons and passenger vans:
Station wagons under 160 cm in
height..............................................

Other...............................................
Other......................................................
Having engines with more than 4 cylinders
but not more than 6 cylinders....................

Having engines with more than 6
cylinders.......................................................
Used....................................................................

No.

No.
No.

No.

No.
No.

20

30
40
60

70

90

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8703 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
87-7

Motor cars and other motor vehicles principally designed for
the transport of persons (other than those of heading 8702),
including station wagons and racing cars: (con.)

Other vehicles, with only spark-ignition internal combustion
piston engines: (con.)

8703.24.01

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 3,000 cc..................

..................

2.5%1/

10%2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

30

40

50

60

90

Ambulances, hearses and prison vans..................

No.

Motor homes.............................................................

No.

Other:

New:

Having engines with not more than 4
cylinders.......................................................

Having engines with more than 4 cylinders
but not more than 6 cylinders....................

Having engines with more than 6
cylinders.......................................................
Used....................................................................

No.

No.

No.
No.

Other vehicles, with only compression-ignition internal
combustion piston engine (diesel or semi-diesel):

8703.31.01

00

Of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 1,500 cc............

No.............

2.5%1/

8703.32.01

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,500 cc but not
exceeding 2,500 cc.........................................................

..................

2.5%1/

8703.33.01

10

50

10

30

45

85

New............................................................................

No.

Used...........................................................................
Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 2,500 cc..................

No.
..................

2.5%1/

Ambulances, hearses, and prison vans.................

No.

Motor homes.............................................................

No.

Other:

New.....................................................................

No.

Used....................................................................

No.

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVII
87-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8703 (con.)

8703.40.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Motor cars and other motor vehicles principally designed for
the transport of persons (other than those of heading 8702),
including station wagons and racing cars: (con.)

Other vehicles, with both spark-ignition internal combustion
piston engine and electric motor as motors for propulsion,
other than those capable of being charged by plugging to
external source of electric power..........................................

..................

2.5%1/

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

30

40

45

50

55

60

70

80

90

Of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 1,000 cc............

No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,000 cc but not
exceeding 1.500 cc.........................................................

No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,500 cc but not
exceeding 3,000 cc:

Motor homes.............................................................

No.

Other:

New:

Having engines with not more than 4
cylinders.......................................................

Having engines with more than 4 cylinders
but not more than 6 cylinders....................

Having engines with more than 6
cylinders.......................................................
Used....................................................................

No.

No.

No.
No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 3,000 cc:

Ambulances, hearses and prison vans..................

No.

Motor homes.............................................................

No.

Other:

New:

Having engines with not more than 4
cylinders.......................................................

Having engines with more than 4 cylinders
but not more than 6 cylinders....................

Having engines with more than 6
cylinders.......................................................
Used....................................................................

No.

No.

No.
No.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8703 (con.)

8703.50.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
87-9

Motor cars and other motor vehicles principally designed for
the transport of persons (other than those of heading 8702),
including station wagons and racing cars: (con.)

Other vehicles, with both compression-ignition internal
combustion piston engine and electric motor as motors for
propulsion, other than those capable of being charged by
plugging to external source of electric power.....................

..................

2.5%1/

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

30

50

60

65

70

90

Of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 1,500 cc............

No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,500 cc but not
exceeding 2,500 cc

New............................................................................

No.

Used...........................................................................

No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 2,500 cc:

Ambulances, hearses and prison vans..................

No.

Motor homes.............................................................

No.

Other:

New.....................................................................

No.

Used....................................................................

No.

XVII
87-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8703 (con.)

8703.60.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Motor cars and other motor vehicles principally designed for
the transport of persons (other than those of heading 8702),
including station wagons and racing cars: (con.)

Other vehicles, with both spark-ignition internal combustion
piston engine and electric motor as motors for propulsion,
capable of being charged by plugging to external source
of electric power.....................................................................

..................

2.5%4/

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

05

10

15

20

30

40

45

50

55

60

70

80

90

Of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 1,000 cc............

No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,000 cc but not
exceeding 1,500 cc.........................................................

No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,500 cc but not
exceeding 3,000 cc:

Motor homes.............................................................

No.

Other:

New:

Having engines with not more than 4
cylinders.......................................................

Having engines with more than 4 cylinders
but not more than 6 cylinders....................

Having engines with more than 6
cylinders.......................................................
Used....................................................................

No.

No.

No.
No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 3,000 cc:

Ambulances, hearses and prison vans..................

No.

Motor homes.............................................................

No.

Other:

New:

Having engines with not more than 4
cylinders.......................................................

Having engines with more than 4 cylinders
but not more than 6 cylinders....................

Having engines with more than 6
cylinders.......................................................
Used....................................................................

No.

No.

No.
No.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8703 (con.)

8703.70.00

10

30

50

60

65

70

90

20

45

60

80
00

8703.80.00

8703.90.01

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVII
87-11

2

Motor cars and other motor vehicles principally designed for
the transport of persons (other than those of heading 8702),
including station wagons and racing cars: (con.)

Other vehicles, with both compression-ignition internal
combustion piston engine (diesel or semi-diesel) and
electric motor as motors for propulsion, capable of being
charged by plugging to external source of electric
power:......................................................................................

..................

2.5%4/

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 1,500 cc............

No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 1,500 cc but not
exceeding 2,500 cc:

New............................................................................

No.

Used...........................................................................

No.

Of a cylinder capacity exceeding 2,500 cc

Ambulances, hearses and prison vans..................

No.

Motor homes.............................................................

No.

Other:

New.....................................................................

No.

Used....................................................................
Other vehicles, with only electric motors for propulsion.....

No.
..................

2.5%4/

With an EPA-rated range not exceeding 250 miles:

New............................................................................

No.

Used...........................................................................

No.

With an EPA-rated range exceeding 250 miles:

New............................................................................

No.

Used...........................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
No.............

2.5%4/

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVII
87-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8704
8704.10
8704.10.10

8704.10.50

00

20

30

40

50
60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Motor vehicles for the transport of goods:

Dumpers designed for off-highway use:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cab chassis.....................................................................

No.............

Other.................................................................................

..................

Rear dump:

With a capacity of 40.8 metric tons or less......

No.

Free1/

Free1/

25%

25%

With a capacity exceeding 40.8 metric tons
but not exceeding 63.5 metric tons..................

With a capacity exceeding 63.5 metric tons
but not exceeding 90.7 metric tons..................

With a capacity exceeding 90.7 metric tons....
Other..........................................................................
Other, with only compression-ignition internal combustion
piston engine (diesel or semi-diesel):

No.

No.

No.
No.

8704.21.01

00

G.V.W. not exceeding 5 metric tons..............................

No.............

25%1/

8704.22

8704.22.11

G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons but not exceeding
20 metric tons:

Cab chassis...............................................................

..................

4%1/

8704.22.51

20

40

60

80

20

40

60

80

8704.23.01

00

G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons but not
exceeding 9 metric tons....................................

G.V.W. exceeding 9 metric tons but not
exceeding 12 metric tons..................................

G.V.W. exceeding 12 metric tons but not
exceeding 15 metric tons..................................

No.

No.

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 15 metric tons but not
exceeding 20 metric tons..................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

25%1/

G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons but not
exceeding 9 metric tons....................................

G.V.W. exceeding 9 metric tons but not
exceeding 12 metric tons..................................

G.V.W. exceeding 12 metric tons but not
exceeding 15 metric tons..................................

No.

No.

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 15 metric tons but not
exceeding 20 metric tons..................................
G.V.W. exceeding 20 metric tons..................................

No.
No.............

25%1/

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVII
87-13

2

8704 (con.)

Motor vehicles for the transport of goods: (con.)

Other, with only spark-ignition internal combustion piston
engine:

8704.31.01

G.V.W. not exceeding 5 metric tons..............................

..................

25%1/

8704.32.01

20

40

10

20

30

40

50

G.V.W. not exceeding 2.5 metric tons....................

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 2.5 metric tons but not
exceeding 5 metric tons...........................................
G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons....................................

No.
..................

25%1/

G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons but not exceeding
9 metric tons..............................................................

G.V.W. exceeding 9 metric tons but not exceeding
12 metric tons...........................................................

G.V.W. exceeding 12 metric tons but not exceeding
15 metric tons...........................................................

G.V.W. exceeding 15 metric tons but not exceeding
20 metric tons...........................................................

G.V.W. exceeding 20 metric tons...........................
Other, with both compression-ignition internal combustion
piston engine (diesel or semi-diesel) and electric motor as
motors for propulsion:

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

8704.41.00

00

G.V.W. not exceeding 5 metric tons..............................

No.............

25%1/

8704.42.00

G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons but not exceeding 20
metric tons........................................................................

..................

25%1/

20

40

60

80

8704.43.00

00

G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons but not exceeding
9 metric tons..............................................................

G.V.W. exceeding 9 metric tons but not exceeding
12 metric tons...........................................................

G.V.W. exceeding 12 metric tons but not exceeding
15 metric tons...........................................................

No.

No.

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 15 metric tons but not exceeding
20 metric tons...........................................................
G.V.W. exceeding 20 metric tons .................................

No.
No.............

25%1/

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
87-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

8704 (con.)

Motor vehicles for the transport of goods: (con.)

Other, with both spark-ignition internal combustion piston
engine and electric motor as motors for propulsion:

8704.51.00

G.V.W. not exceeding 5 metric tons .............................

..................

25%1/

20

40

10

20

30

40

50
00

8704.52.00

8704.60.00

G.V.W. not exceeding 2.5 metric tons ...................

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 2.5 metric tons but not
exceeding 5 metric tons...........................................
G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons ...................................

No.
..................

25%1/

G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons but not exceeding
9 metric tons..............................................................

G.V.W. exceeding 9 metric tons but not exceeding
12 metric tons...........................................................

G.V.W. exceeding 12 metric tons but not exceeding
15 metric tons...........................................................

G.V.W. exceeding 15 metric tons but not exceeding
20 metric tons...........................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

G.V.W. exceeding 20 metric tons...........................
Other, with only electric motor for propulsion.....................

No.
No.............

25%3/

8704.90.01

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

25%3/

8705

8705.10.00

8705.20.00

10

50
00

Special purpose motor vehicles, other than those principally
designed for the transport of persons or goods (for example,
wreckers, mobile cranes, fire fighting vehicles, concrete mixers,
road sweepers, spraying vehicles, mobile workshops, mobile
radiological units):

Mobile cranes.........................................................................
Cable operated................................................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other.................................................................................
Mobile drilling derricks...........................................................

No.
No.............

8705.30.00

00

Fire fighting vehicles..............................................................

No.............

8705.40.00

00

Concrete mixers.....................................................................

No.............

8705.90.00

10

20

80

Other........................................................................................
Mobile radiological units.................................................

..................
No.

Mobile medical clinics.....................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Free3/

Free1/

Free1/

Free3/

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25% (KR)

25%

25%

25%

25%

25%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8706.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVII
87-15

2

Chassis fitted with engines, for the motor vehicles of headings
8701 to 8705:

For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23,
8701.24 or 8701.29 or heading 8702 or 8704:

8706.00.03

00

For vehicles of subheading 8704.21 or 8704.31.........

No.............

8706.00.05

Other.................................................................................

..................

4%6/

4%6/

25%

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20

40

75

20

40
00

8706.00.15

8706.00.25

For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29.................................

No.

For vehicles of heading 8702..................................

No.

For vehicles of heading 8704..................................
For vehicles of heading 8703................................................

No.
..................

2.5%6/

For passenger automobiles............................................

No.

For other vehicles of heading 8703...............................
For vehicles of heading 8705................................................

No.
No.............

1.6%1/

For other vehicles:

8706.00.30

00

For tractors suitable for agricultural use.......................

No.............

8706.00.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

1.4%6/

10%2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

27.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
87-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8707

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Bodies (including cabs), for the motor vehicles of headings
8701 to 8705:

8707.10.00

For vehicles of heading 8703................................................

..................

2.5%6/

8707.90
8707.90.10

8707.90.50

8708

8708.10
8708.10.30

8708.10.60

20

40

00

20

40

60

80

90

20

30

40
50

10

50

For passenger automobiles............................................

For other vehicles............................................................

No.

No.

Other:

For tractors suitable for agricultural use.......................

No.............

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free6/

4%6/

For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29.................................

No.

For vehicles of heading 8702..................................

No.

For vehicles of heading 8704..................................

No.

For vehicles of heading 8705..................................

No.

For other vehicles.....................................................

No.

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705:

Bumpers and parts thereof:

Bumpers...........................................................................

..................

2.5%7/

Stampings:

Of steel................................................................

No.

Of aluminum.......................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Parts of bumpers.............................................................

No.
No.
..................

2.5%8/

Stampings.................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

10%2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

Other parts and accessories of bodies (including cabs):

XVII
87-17

2

8708.21.00

00

Safety seat belts..............................................................

kg..............

2.5%6/

8708.22.00

00

Front windscreens (windshields), rear windows and
other windows specified in subheading note 1 to this
chapter..............................................................................

No.............
m2

2.5% 6/

8708.29
8708.29.15

00

Other:

Door assemblies.......................................................

No.............

2.5% 6/

8708.29.21

8708.29.25

8708.29.51

8708.30
8708.30.10

8708.30.50

20

30

40
00

10

25

60

10

90

20

30

40

90

Body stampings:

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........
Of steel.........................................................

..................
No.

Free7/

Of aluminum................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.............

2.5%6/

Other..........................................................................

..................

2.5% 8/

Stampings...........................................................

No.

Truck caps..........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Brakes and servo-brakes; parts thereof:

For tractors suitable for agricultural use.......................
Mounted brake linings..............................................

..................
No.

Free6/

Other..........................................................................
For other vehicles............................................................

No.
..................

2.5% 6/

Brake drums..............................................................

No.

Brake rotors (discs)..................................................

No.

Mounted brake linings..............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

25%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

25%2/

25%2/

Free

25%2/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
87-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

8708.40

Gear boxes and parts thereof:

Gear boxes:

8708.40.11

For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29 or heading 8702,
8703 or 8704.............................................................

..................

2.5%6/

10

50
00

8708.40.30

For vehicles of heading 8703...........................

No.

Other...................................................................
For tractors suitable for agricultural use................

No.
No.............

8708.40.50

00

For other vehicles.....................................................

No.............

Parts:

8708.40.60

00

Of tractors suitable for agricultural use..................

No.............

8708.40.65

00

Of other tractors (except road tractors).................

No.............

Other:

8708.40.70

00

Of cast iron.........................................................

kg..............

8708.40.75

Other...................................................................

..................

Free6/

2.5%6/

Free6/

Free6/

Free6/

2.5%6/

70

80

Steel forgings9/.............................................

kg

Other.............................................................

No.

25%2/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free2/

25%2/

Free

27.5%2/

Free2/

25%2/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVII
87-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

8708.50

8708.50.11

8708.50.31

8708.50.51

10

50

10

50

10

50

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

Drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with
other transmission components, and non-driving axles;
parts thereof:

Drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided
with other transmission components, and non-driving
axles:

For tractors (except road tractors):

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........
Drive axles with differential, whether or not
provided with other transmission
components.................................................

Non-driving axles........................................
For other tractors...............................................
Drive axles with differential, whether or not
provided with other transmission
components.................................................

No.
kg

No.
..................

Free6/

No.
kg

Non-driving axles........................................
For vehicles of heading 8703..................................

No.
..................

2.5%6/

Drive axles with differential, whether or not
provided with other transmission
components........................................................

No.
kg

Non-driving axles...............................................

No.

For other vehicles:

8708.50.61

00

Drive axles with differential, whether or not
provided with other transmission
components........................................................

No.............
kg

2.5%6/

8708.50.65

00

Non-driving axles...............................................

No.............

2.5%6/

..................

Free6/

Free

27.5%

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
87-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

8708.50
(con.)

8708.50.70

00

8708.50.75

00

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

Drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with
other transmission components, and non-driving axles;
parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

For tractors (except road tractors):

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........

No.............

For other tractors...............................................

No.............

For vehicles of heading 8703:

Free6/

Free6/

2.5%6/

8708.50.79

00

Parts of non-driving axles.................................

No.............

8708.50.81

00

Of cast iron..................................................

kg..............

Free6/

Other:

8708.50.85

00

Half-shafts.............................................

No.............

2.5%6/

Other:

8708.50.89

00

Other......................................................

No.............

2.5%6/

8708.50.91

Parts of non-driving axles.................................

..................

2.5%6/

For other vehicles:

10

50

Spindles.......................................................

No.
kg

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

8708.50.93

00

Of cast iron..................................................

kg..............

Free6/

8708.50.95

00

Half-shafts.............................................

No.............

2.5%6/

Other:

8708.50.99

00

Other......................................................

No.............

2.5%6/

Free

27.5%

25%

Free

25%

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

25%

25%2/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

XVII
87-21

2

8708.70

Road wheels and parts and accessories thereof:

For tractors (except road tractors):

For tractors suitable for agricultural use:

8708.70.05

00

8708.70.15

00

8708.70.25

00

8708.70.35

00

Road wheels.......................................................

No.............

Parts and accessories.......................................

No.............

For other tractors:

Road wheels.......................................................

No.............

Parts and accessories.......................................

No.............

8708.70.45

Road wheels..............................................................

..................

For other vehicles:

Free6/

Free6/

Free6/

Free6/

2.5%6/

8708.70.60

30

46

48
60

30

45

60

For vehicles of subheading 8701.21, 8701.22,
8701.23, 8701.24 or 8701.29 or heading 8702,
8704 or 8705......................................................

No.

Other:

Of aluminum:

Wheels having a diameter of at least
57 cm but not more than 63 cm..........

No.

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Parts and accessories.............................................

No.
No.
..................

2.5%6/

Wheel rims for vehicles of subheading
8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23, 8701.24 or
8701.29 or heading 8702, 8703, 8704, or
8705....................................................................

Wheel covers and hubcaps for vehicles of
subheading 8701.21, 8701.22, 8701.23,
8701.24 or 8701.29 or heading 8702, 8703,
8704 or 8705......................................................

No.

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Free

Free

27.5%

27.5%

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVII
87-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

8708.80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

Suspension systems and parts thereof (including shock
absorbers):

Suspension systems (including shock absorbers):
For tractors suitable for agricultural use:

8708.80.03

00

8708.80.05

00

McPherson struts...............................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

8708.80.13

00

McPherson struts...............................................

No.............

For other vehicles:

Free6/

Free6/

2.5%6/

8708.80.16

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

2.5%6/

Parts:

8708.80.51

00

Of tractors suitable for agricultural use..................

No.............

8708.80.55

00

Of other tractors (except road tractors).................

No.............

Other:

8708.80.60

00

Of cast iron.........................................................

kg..............

8708.80.65

Other...................................................................

..................

Free6/

Free6/

Free6/

2.5% 8/

10

90

Beam hanger brackets...............................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Free

Free

25%

25%2/

Free

27.5%

Free

25%2/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVII
87-23

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

8708.91

8708.91.10

00

8708.91.50

00

8708.91.60

00

8708.91.65

00

8708.91.70

00

8708.91.75

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

Other parts and accessories:

Radiators and parts thereof:

Radiators:

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........

No.............

For other vehicles..............................................

No.............

Parts:

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........

No.............

For other tractors (except road tractors).........

No.............

For other vehicles:

Of cast iron..................................................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

..................

10

50

Radiator cores......................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

8708.92

Mufflers and exhaust pipes; parts thereof:

8708.92.10

00

8708.92.50

00

Mufflers and exhaust pipes:

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........

No.............

For other vehicles..............................................

No.............

8708.92.60

00

8708.92.65

00

8708.92.70

00

8708.92.75

00

Parts:

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........

No.............

For other tractors (except road tractors).........

No.............

For other vehicles:

Of cast iron..................................................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

No.............

Free6/

2.5%6/

Free6/

Free6/

Free6/

2.5%6/

Free6/

2.5%6/

Free6/

Free6/

Free6/

2.5%6/

Free

25%

Free

27.5%

Free

25%2/

Free2/

25%2/

Free

27.5%

Free

25%2/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
87-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

8708.93

8708.93.15

00

8708.93.30

00

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

Other parts and accessories: (con.)
Clutches and parts thereof:

For tractors suitable for agricultural use:

Clutches..............................................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

For other vehicles:

Free6/

Free6/

2.5%6/

8708.93.60

00

Clutches..............................................................

No.............

8708.93.75

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

2.5%6/

8708.94

Steering wheels, steering columns and steering boxes;
parts thereof:

Steering wheels, steering columns and steering
boxes:

8708.94.10

00

8708.94.50

00

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........

No.............

For other vehicles..............................................

No.............

8708.94.60

00

8708.94.65

00

8708.94.70

00

8708.94.75

10

50

Parts:

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........

No.............

For other tractors (except road tractors).........

No.............

For other vehicles:

Of cast iron..................................................

kg..............

Other.............................................................

..................

Steering shaft assemblies
incorporating universal joints..............

No.
kg

Other......................................................

No.

Free6/

2.5%6/

Free6/

Free6/

Free6/

2.5% 6/

Free

Free

25%

25%

Free

25%

Free

27.5%

Free

25%2/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

8708.95
8708.95.05

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVII
87-25

2

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

Other parts and accessories: (con.)

Safety airbags with inflater system; parts thereof:

Inflaters and modules for airbags...........................

No.............

2.5%6/

25%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Other:

8708.95.10

00

8708.95.15

00

8708.95.20

00

For tractors suitable for agricultural use..........

No.............

For other tractors (except road tractors).........

No.............

For other vehicles..............................................

No.............

Free6/

Free6/

2.5%6/

8708.99

Other:

8708.99.03

00

8708.99.06

00

8708.99.16

00

8708.99.23

00

8708.99.27

00

8708.99.31

00

Parts of tractors suitable for agricultural use:

Vibration control goods containing rubber......

No.............

Free6/

Double flanged wheel hub units incorporating
ball bearings.......................................................

No.............

Free6/

Other parts for power trains..............................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

Parts of other tractors (except road tractors):

Vibration control goods containing rubber......

No.............

Free6/

Free6/

Free6/

Double flanged wheel hub units incorporating
ball bearings.......................................................

No.............

Free6/

8708.99.41

00

Other parts for power trains..............................

No.............

8708.99.48

10

50

Other...................................................................
Tracklinks for track-laying tractors...........

..................
No.
kg

Other.............................................................

No.

Free6/

Free6/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

27.5%

25%

Free

Free

Free

Free

27.5%

27.5%

27.5%2/

27.5%2/

XVII
87-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8708 (con.)

8708.99
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705: (con.)

Other parts and accessories: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other:

8708.99.53

00

Of cast-iron.........................................................

kg..............

Free6/

8708.99.55

00

Vibration control goods containing
rubber...........................................................

No.............

2.5%6/

Other:

8708.99.58

00

Double flanged wheel hub units
incorporating ball bearings.........................

No.............
kg

2.5%6/

8708.99.68

Other parts for power trains................

..................

2.5%8/

Other:

8708.99.81

05

10

20

90

05

15

30

60

80

Drive shafts....................................

No.

Forged universal joints for vehicles
of heading 8703.............................

Forged universal joints for vehicles
of heading 8704.............................

No.

No.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

No.
..................

2.5%6/

Brake hoses of plastics, with
attached fittings.............................

Double flanged wheel hub units
not incorporating ball bearings......

No.

No.
kg

Slide-in campers............................

No.

Cable traction devices..................

kg

Other...............................................

No.

Free

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%2/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8709

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVII
87-27

2

Works trucks, self-propelled, not fitted with lifting or handling
equipment, of the type used in factories, warehouses, dock
areas or airports for short distance transport of goods; tractors
of the type used on railway station platforms; parts of the
foregoing vehicles:
Vehicles:

8709.11.00

8709.19.00

8709.90.00

8710.00.00

Electrical...........................................................................
Operator riding..........................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Operator riding..........................................................

No.
..................
No.

Other..........................................................................
Parts:.......................................................................................
Road wheels....................................................................

No.
..................
kg

Free1/

Free1/

Wheel and tire assemblies.............................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Tanks and other armored fighting vehicles, motorized, whether
or not fitted with weapons, and parts of such vehicles.............

..................

Free5/

Vehicles:

Tracked (including half-tracked)...................................

Other.................................................................................
Parts........................................................................................

No.

No.
kg

30

60

30

60

10

20

90

30

60
90

35%

35%

35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
87-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8711

8711.10.00

00

8711.20.00

30

60

90

30

60

90

8711.30.00

8711.40

Motorcycles (including mopeds) and cycles fitted with an
auxiliary motor, with or without side-cars; side-cars:

With internal combustion piston engine of a cylinder
capacity not exceeding 50 cc9/.............................................

No.............

Free3/

With internal combustion piston engine of a cylinder
capacity exceeding 50 cc but not exceeding 250 cc.........
Exceeding 50 cc but not exceeding 90 cc....................

..................
No.

Free5/

Exceeding 90 cc but not exceeding 190 cc..................

Exceeding 190 cc but not exceeding 250 cc...............

With internal combustion piston engine of a cylinder
capacity exceeding 250 cc but not exceeding 500 cc.......
Exceeding 250 cc but not exceeding 290 cc...............

No.

No.

..................
No.

Free5/

Exceeding 290 cc but not exceeding 490 cc...............

Exceeding 490 cc but not exceeding 500 cc...............

With internal combustion piston engine of a cylinder
capacity exceeding 500 cc but not exceeding 800 cc:

No.

No.

8711.40.30

00

Exceeding 500 cc but not exceeding 700 cc...............

No.............

8711.40.60

Exceeding 700 cc but not exceeding 800 cc...............

..................

Free5/

2.4%5/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30

60

30

60

50

90
00

8711.50.00

8711.60.00

8711.90.01

Exceeding 700 cc but not exceeding 790 cc.........

No.

Exceeding 790 cc but not exceeding 800 cc.........

No.

With internal combustion piston engine of a cylinder
capacity exceeding 800 cc....................................................

..................

2.4%1/

Exceeding 800 cc but not exceeding 970 cc...............

No.

Exceeding 970 cc............................................................
With electric motor for propulsion.........................................
Of an output not exceeding 250 W................................

No.
..................
No.

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
No.............

Free3/

Free3/

10%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

10%2/

10%

10%

10%2/

10%

10%2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVII
87-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8712.00

8712.00.15

10

20

50

8712.00.25

00

Bicycles and other cycles (including delivery tricycles), not
motorized:

Bicycles having both wheels not exceeding 63.5 cm in
diameter..................................................................................

..................

11%6/

Having both wheels not exceeding 50 cm in
diameter............................................................................

Having both wheels exceeding 50 cm but not
exceeding 55 cm in diameter.........................................

Having both wheels exceeding 55 cm but not
exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter......................................

Bicycles having both wheels exceeding 63.5 cm in
diameter:

If weighing less than 16.3 kg complete without
accessories and not designed for use with tires having
a cross-sectional diameter exceeding 4.13 cm...........

No.

No.

No.

No.............

5.5%6/

8712.00.35

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

11%6/

8712.00.44

00

Bicycles having a front wheel exceeding 55 cm but not
exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter and a rear wheel exceeding
63.5 cm in diameter, weighing less than 16.3 kg complete
without accessories and not designed for use with tires
having a cross-sectional diameter exceeding 4.13 cm,
valued $200 or more each....................................................

No.............

5.5%6/

8712.00.48

00

Other bicycles.........................................................................

No.............

11%6/

8712.00.50

00

Other cycles............................................................................

No.............

3.7% 6/

8713

Carriages for disabled persons, whether or not motorized or
otherwise mechanically propelled:

8713.10.00

00

Not mechanically propelled...................................................

No.............

Free

8713.90.00

30

60

Other........................................................................................
Three-wheeled.................................................................

..................
No.

Free

Other.................................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5% (JP)

30%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.75% (JP)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5% (JP)

30%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.75% (JP)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5.5% (JP)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
87-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8714
8714.10.00

10

20

50
00

8714.20.00

Parts and accessories of vehicles of headings 8711 to 8713:
Of motorcycles (including mopeds).....................................
Saddles and seats...........................................................

..................
kg

Free5/

Wheels..............................................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Of carriages for disabled persons........................................

kg
kg..............

Free

Other:

8714.91

Frames and forks, and parts thereof:

Frames:

8714.91.20

00

Valued over $600 each.....................................

No.............

3.9%6/

8714.91.30

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

3.9%6/

8714.91.50

00

Sets of steel tubing cut to exact length and each
set having the number of tubes needed for the
assembly (with other parts) into the frame and fork
of one bicycle............................................................

kg..............

6% 6/

8714.91.90
8714.92
8714.92.10

00

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Wheel rims and spokes:

Wheel rims.................................................................

kg..............

Free6/

5% 6/

8714.92.50

00

Spokes.......................................................................

kg..............

10%6/

25%2/

40%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%2/

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

3% (JP)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

5% (JP)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8714 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Parts and accessories of vehicles of headings 8711 to 8713:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

XVII
87-31

2

8714.93

Hubs, other than coaster braking hubs and hub brakes,
and free-wheel sprocket-wheels:

Hubs:

8714.93.05

00

Aluminum alloy hubs with a hollow axle and
lever-operated quick release mechanism.......

No.............

Free6/

8714.93.15

00

Three speed................................................

No.............

Free6/

Other:

8714.93.24

00

8714.93.28

00

Variable speed (except three speed) with
internal gear changing mechanisms:

Two speed............................................

No.............

Other......................................................

No.............

Free6/

3%6/

8714.93.35

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

10%6/

8714.93.70

8714.94

8714.94.30

8714.94.90

30

60

20

40

50

60
80
00

Free-wheel sprocket-wheels...................................
Multiple free-wheel sprockets..........................

..................
No.

Free6/

Other...................................................................

kg

Brakes, including coaster braking hubs and hub
brakes, and parts thereof:

Drum brakes, caliper and cantilever bicycle brakes,
and coaster brakes; parts thereof (including cable
or inner wire therefor, fitted with fittings)................
Caliper and cantilever bicycle brakes.............

..................
No.

Free6/

Coaster brakes:

Designed for single-speed bicycles..........

No.

Other:

Designed for three-speed bicycles......

No.

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
kg
kg..............

10% 6/

8714.95.00

00

Saddles.............................................................................

No.............

8%6/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5% (JP)

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5% (JP)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4% (JP)

XVII
87-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8714 (con.)

8714.96
8714.96.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts and accessories of vehicles of headings 8711 to 8713:
(con.)

Other: (con.)

Pedals and crank-gear, and parts thereof:

Pedals and parts thereof..........................................

kg..............

8%6/

8714.96.50

00

Cotterless-type crank sets and parts thereof........

kg..............

8714.96.90

00

Other crank-gear and parts thereof........................

kg..............

8714.99
8714.99.10

00

Other:

Click twist grips and click stick levers....................

kg..............

8714.99.50

00

Derailleurs and parts thereof...................................

kg..............

Free6/

10%6/

Free5/

Free5/

8714.99.60

00

Trigger and twist grip controls for three speed
hubs, and parts thereof; bicycle handlebar stems
wholly of aluminum alloy (including their hardware
of any material), valued over $2.15 each; and
bicycle handlebar stem rotor assemblies..............

kg..............

Free5/

8714.99.80

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

10%5/

8715.00.00

Baby carriages (including strollers) and parts thereof..............

..................

4.4%

20

40

Baby carriages (including strollers).....................................

No.

Parts........................................................................................

kg

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%2/

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4% (JP)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5% (JP)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

5% (JP)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVII
87-33

2

Trailers and semi-trailers; other vehicles, not mechanically
propelled; and parts thereof:

Trailers and semi-trailers for housing or camping..............
Less than 10.6 m in length.............................................

..................
No.

Free6/

10.6 m or more in length.................................................
Self-loading or self-unloading trailers and semi-trailers for
agricultural purposes.............................................................

Other trailers and semi-trailers for the transport of goods:
Tanker trailers and tanker semi-trailers........................

No.

No.............

Free6/

No.............

Free6/

Other.................................................................................
Agricultural................................................................

..................
No.

Free6/

For use with the vehicles of heading 8709............

No.

Other:

For use with the vehicles of heading 8703......

No.

Other:

Van type.......................................................

No.

Platform type...............................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other trailers and semi-trailers9/...........................................

No.
No.............

Other vehicles:

Farm wagons and carts..................................................

No.............

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free6/

Free6/

3.2%8/

Industrial hand trucks...............................................

No.

Other:

Portable luggage carts......................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

45%

45%

45%

45%

45%

Free2/

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8716

8716.10.00

30

75
00

8716.20.00

8716.31.00

00

8716.39.00

10

20

30

40

50

90
00

00

10

20

90

8716.40.00

8716.80
8716.80.10

8716.80.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
87-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8716 (con.)

8716.90
8716.90.10

10

20

90
00

8716.90.30

Trailers and semi-trailers; other vehicles, not mechanically
propelled; and parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Parts of farm wagons and carts:....................................
Road wheels..............................................................

..................
kg

Free6/

Wheel and tire assemblies......................................

kg

Other..........................................................................
Castors, other than those of heading 8302..................

kg
kg..............

5.7%6/

Free

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

8716.90.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

3.1%6/

10

35

46

47
48

56

59
60

Axles and parts thereof............................................

kg

Wheels:

Steel wheels measuring 30 to 42 cm in
diameter, whether or not assembled...............

kg

Other:

Wheels:

Having a diameter of at least 57 cm
but not more than 63 cm:

Of aluminum...................................

Of steel...........................................
Other wheels.........................................

Wheels with tires:

Wheels with tires for off-the-highway
use.........................................................

Wheels with other tires........................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg

kg
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
Endnotes--page 87 - 35

1/ See 9903.88.01.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.02.
4/ See 9903.91.03.
5/ See 9903.88.15.
6/ See 9903.88.03.
7/ See 9903.88.03, U.S. note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
8/ See 9903.88.03 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
9/ See 9903.88.69.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 88

AIRCRAFT, SPACECRAFT, AND PARTS THEREOF

XVII
88-1

Note

1.

For the purposes of this chapter, the expression “unmanned aircraft” means any aircraft, other than those of heading 8801,
designed to be flown without a pilot on board. They may be designed to carry a payload or equipped with permanently integrated
digital cameras or other equipment which would enable them to perform utilitarian functions during their flight.

The expression “unmanned aircraft”, however, does not cover flying toys, designed solely for amusement purposes (heading
9503).

Subheading Notes

1.

2.

For the purposes of subheadings 8802.11 to 8802.40, the expression "unladen weight" means the weight of the machine in
normal flying order, excluding the weight of the crew and of fuel and equipment other than permanently fitted items of equipment.

For the purposes of subheadings 8806.21 to 8806.24 and 8806.91 to 8806.94, the expression “maximum take-off weight” means
the maximum weight of the machine in normal flying order, at take-off, including the weight of payload, equipment and fuel.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
88-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8801.00.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Balloons and dirigibles; gliders, hang gliders and other
non-powered aircraft....................................................................

..................

Free1/

50%

Gliders and hang gliders:

10

20
50

Hang gliders.....................................................................

Gliders..............................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.

No.
No.

8802

Other aircraft (for example, helicopters, airplanes, except
unmanned aircraft of heading 8806); spacecraft (including
satellites) and suborbital and spacecraft launch vehicles:

Helicopters:

8802.11.01

Of an unladen weight not exceeding 2,000 kg.............

..................

Free2/

30%

8802.12.01

8802.20.01

New:

Military.................................................................

No.

Other:

Of an unladen weight not exceeding 998
kg..................................................................

Of an unladen weight exceeding 998 but
not exceeding 2,000 kg..............................

No.

No.

Used or rebuilt:

Military.................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Of an unladen weight exceeding 2,000 kg...................

No.
..................

Free2/

New:

Military.................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Used or rebuilt:

Military.................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Airplanes and other aircraft, of an unladen weight not
exceeding 2,000 kg................................................................
Of an unladen weight not exceeding 450 kg................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other:

New:

Military aircraft:

Airplanes......................................................

No.

Other aircraft...............................................

No.

Other:

Single engine airplanes..............................

No.

Multiple engine airplanes...........................

No.

Other aircraft...............................................

No.

Used or rebuilt:

Military aircraft....................................................

No.

Other aircraft......................................................

No.

15

30

45

60

90

20

40

60

80

15

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

30%

30%3/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
88-3

Other aircraft (for example, helicopters, airplanes, except
unmanned aircraft of heading 8806); spacecraft (including
satellites) and suborbital and spacecraft launch vehicles: (con.)

Airplanes and other aircraft, of an unladen weight
exceeding 2,000 kg but not exceeding 15,000 kg.............

..................

Free2/

30%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8802 (con.)

8802.30.01

8802.40.01

10

20

30

40

50
60

70

80

15

20

30

40

60

70

80

90

New:

Military aircraft:

Fighters...............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Multiple engine airplanes:

Of an unladen weight exceeding 2,000 but
not exceeding 4,536 kg..............................

No.

Of an unladen weight exceeding 4,536 but
not exceeding 15,000 kg:

Turbofan powered................................

No.

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.

Used or rebuilt:

Military aircraft..........................................................

No.

Other aircraft.............................................................

No.

Airplanes and other aircraft, of an unladen weight
exceeding 15,000 kg.............................................................

..................

Free2/

30%

New:

Military aircraft:

Fighters...............................................................

No.

Cargo transports................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Passenger transports........................................

No.

Cargo transports................................................

No.

Other (including passenger/cargo
combinations).....................................................

No.

Used or rebuilt:

Military aircraft..........................................................

No.

Other aircraft.............................................................

No.

8802.60

Spacecraft (including satellites) and suborbital and
spacecraft launch vehicles:

8802.60.30

00

Communications satellites.............................................

No.............

8802.60.90

20

40

Other.................................................................................
Military.......................................................................

..................
No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Free2/

Free2/

8804.00.00

00

Parachutes (including dirigible parachutes and paragliders)
and rotochutes; parts thereof and accessories thereto............

kg..............

3%4/

Free

27.5%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
88-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8805

8805.10.00

00

Aircraft launching gear; deck-arrestor or similar gear; ground
flying trainers; parts of the foregoing articles:

Aircraft launching gear and parts thereof; deck- arrestors
or similar gear and parts thereof..........................................

kg..............

Free2/

8805.21.00

00

Air combat simulators and parts thereof.......................

kg..............

Ground flying trainers and parts thereof:

8805.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

8806
8806.10.00

Unmanned aircraft:

00

Designed for the carriage of passengers ...........................

No.............

8806.21.00

00

With maximum take-off weight not more than 250 g....

No.............

Other, for remote-controlled flight only:

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

8806.22.00

00

8806.23.00

00

8806.24.00

00

With maximum take-off weight more than 250 g but
not more than 7 kg..........................................................

With maximum take-off weight more than 7 kg but not
more than 25 kg...............................................................

With maximum take-off weight more than 25 kg but
not more than 150 kg......................................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

8806.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

8806.91.00

00

With maximum take-off weight not more than 250 g....

No.............

Other:

Free2/

Free2/

8806.92.00

00

8806.93.00

00

8806.94.00

00

With maximum take-off weight more than 250 g but
not more than 7 kg..........................................................

With maximum take-off weight more than 7 kg but not
more than 25 kg...............................................................

With maximum take-off weight more than 25 kg but
not more than 150 kg......................................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free2/

8806.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

35%

35%

35%

30%3/

30%3/

30%3/

30%3/

30%3/

30%3/

30%3/

30%3/

30%3/

30%3/

30%3/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Parts of goods of heading 8801, 8802 or 8806:

Propellers and rotors and parts thereof...............................

..................

Free2/

For use in civil aircraft:

For use by the Department of Defense or the
United States Coast Guard5/...................................

kg

Other5/........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Undercarriages and parts thereof........................................

kg
kg
..................

Free2/

XVII
88-5

2

27.5%3/

27.5%3/

For use in civil aircraft:

For use by the Department of Defense or the
United States Coast Guard5/...................................

Other5/........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

Other parts of airplanes, helicopters or unmanned
aircraft.....................................................................................

kg

kg
kg

..................

Free6/

27.5%3/

For use in civil aircraft:

For use by the Department of Defense or the
United States Coast Guard5/...................................

Other5/........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Other:

Parts of communications satellites................................

kg..............
No.

Free2/

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free2/

For use in civil aircraft:

For use by the Department of Defense or the
United States Coast Guard5/............................

Other5/.................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg

kg
kg

Free

27.5%3/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8807
8807.10.00

8807.20.00

8807.30.00

8807.90
8807.90.30

8807.90.90

15

30
60

15

30
60

15

30
60

00

15

30
60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
Endnotes--page 88 - 6
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.01.
3/ See 9903.90.08.
4/ See 9903.88.03.
5/ See general note 6.
6/ See 9903.88.01 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 89

SHIPS, BOATS AND FLOATING STRUCTURES

Note

1. A hull, an unfinished or incomplete vessel, assembled, unassembled or disassembled, or a complete vessel unassembled or

disassembled, is to be classified in heading 8906 if it does not have the essential character of a vessel of a particular kind.

Additional U.S. Note

1. Vessels if in use in international trade or commerce or if brought into the customs territory of the United States by nonresidents
thereof for their own use in pleasure cruising shall be admitted without formal customs consumption entry or the payment of
duty.

XVII
89-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
89-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8901

8901.10.00

00

Cruise ships, excursion boats, ferry boats, cargo ships, barges
and similar vessels for the transport of persons or goods:
Cruise ships, excursion boats and similar vessels
principally designed for the transport of persons; ferry boats
of all kinds...............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

8901.20.00

00

Tankers...................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

8901.30.00

00

Refrigerated vessels, other than those of subheading
8901.20...................................................................................

8901.90.00

00

Other vessels for the transport of goods and other vessels
for the transport of both persons and goods.......................

8902.00.00

00

Fishing vessels; factory ships and other vessels for processing
or preserving fishery products.....................................................

No.............

Free2/

No.............

Free1/

No.............

Free1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

8903

8903.11.00

Yachts and other vessels for pleasure or sports; row boats and
canoes:

Inflatable (including rigid hull inflatable) boats:

Fitted or designed to be fitted with a motor, unladen
(net) weight (excluding the motor) not exceeding 100
kg.......................................................................................

..................

2.4%3/

25%4/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15

20
60

15

20
60
00

8903.12.00

8903.19.00

Valued over $500:

With attached rigid hull......................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Not designed for use with a motor and unladen (net)
weight not exceeding 100 kg ........................................

No.
No.

..................

2.4%3/

Valued over $500:

With attached rigid hull......................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.
No.............

2.4%3/

25%4/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%4/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8903 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
89-3

Yachts and other vessels for pleasure or sports; row boats and
canoes: (con.)

Sailboats, other than inflatable, with or without auxiliary
motor:

8903.21.00

Of a length not exceeding 7.5 m....................................

..................

1.5%3/

10

30

35

40

15

20

25

60

15

20

8903.22.00

8903.23.00

With auxiliary motor..................................................

No.

Other:

Of a length not exceeding 4 m..........................

No.

Of a length exceeding 4 m but not exceeding
6.5 m....................................................................

Of a length exceeding 6.5 m but not exceeding
7.5 m....................................................................

Of a length exceeding 7.5 m but not exceeding 24
m........................................................................................

No.

No.

..................

1.5%3/

With auxiliary motor:

Of a length exceeding 7.5 m but not exceeding
9.2 m....................................................................

No.

Of a length exceeding 9.2 m.............................

No.

Other:

Of a length exceeding 7.5 m but not exceeding
9.2 m....................................................................

No.

Of a length exceeding 9.2 m.............................
Of a length exceeding 24 m...........................................

No.
..................

1.5%3/

With auxiliary motor..................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVII
89-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8903 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Yachts and other vessels for pleasure or sports; row boats and
canoes: (con.)

Motorboats, other than inflatable, not including outboard
motorboats:

8903.31.00

Of a length not exceeding 7.5 m....................................

..................

1.5%3/

8903.32.00

8903.33.00

15

20
25

15

20
25

15

20
25

Inboard/outdrive:

Cabin cruisers....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

Of a length exceeding 7.5 m but not exceeding 24
m........................................................................................

..................

1.5%3/

Inboard/outdrive:

Cabin cruisers....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Of a length exceeding 24 m...........................................

No.
No.
..................

1.5%3/

Inboard/outdrive:

Cabin cruisers....................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

30%4/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%4/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%4/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVII
89-5

Yachts and other vessels for pleasure or sports; row boats and
canoes: (con.)
Other:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8903 (con.)

8903.93

Of a length not exceeding 7.5 m:

Row boats and canoes which are not of a type
designed to be principally used with motors or
sails:

8903.93.05

00

8903.93.15

00

Canoes................................................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free3/

2.7%3/

8903.93.20

Outboard motorboats...............................................

..................

1%3/

15

30

45

60
75
00

8903.93.90

With hulls of metal:

Not exceeding 5 m in length......................

No.

Exceeding 5 m in length.............................

No.

With hulls of reinforced plastics:

Not exceeding 5 m in length......................

No.

Exceeding 5 m in length.............................
Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.
No.............

1%3/

8903.99

Other:

Row boats and canoes which are not of a type
designed to be principally used with motors or
sails:

8903.99.06

00

8903.99.16

00

Canoes................................................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free3/

2.7%3/

8903.99.21

Outboard motorboats...............................................

..................

1%3/

10

20

90
00

8903.99.91

With hulls of metal..............................................

No.

With hulls of reinforced plastics.......................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

1%3/

8904.00.00

00

Tugs and pusher craft..................................................................

No.............

Free1/

35%

45%

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%4/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

45%

30%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%4/

Free

XVII
89-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

8905

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Light-vessels, fire-floats, dredgers, floating cranes, and other
vessels the navigability of which is subsidiary to their main
function; floating docks; floating or submersible drilling or
production platforms:

8905.10.00

00

Dredgers.................................................................................

No.............

8905.20.00

00

Floating or submersible drilling or production platforms.....

t .................
No.

Free1/

Free1/

8905.90
8905.90.10

00

Other:

Floating docks.................................................................

t .................
No.

Free

8905.90.50

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

8906

Other vessels, including warships and lifeboats other than row
boats:

8906.10.00

00

Warships.................................................................................

No.............

8906.90.00

10

90

Other........................................................................................
Hulls..................................................................................

..................
t
No.

Other.................................................................................

No.

8907

Other floating structures (for example, rafts, tanks, cofferdams,
landing-stages, buoys and beacons):

8907.10.00

00

Inflatable rafts.........................................................................

No.............

8907.90.00

30

60

90

Other........................................................................................
Buoys................................................................................

..................
No.

Tanks................................................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Free1/

Free5/

Free1/

Free3/

Free5/

8908.00.00

00

Vessels and other floating structures for breaking up
(scrapping)....................................................................................

t .................

Free1/

Free

Free

35%

Free

Free

Free

45%

45%

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVII
Endnotes--page 89 - 7

1/ See 9903.88.01
2/ See 9903.88.02
3/ See 9903.88.03.
4/ See 9903.90.08.
5/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XVIII

OPTICAL, PHOTOGRAPHIC, CINEMATOGRAPHIC, MEASURING, CHECKING, PRECISION,
MEDICAL OR SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS AND APPARATUS; CLOCKS AND WATCHES;
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS; PARTS AND ACCESSORIES THEREOF

XVIII-1

XVIII-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

OPTICAL, PHOTOGRAPHIC, CINEMATOGRAPHIC, MEASURING, CHECKING, PRECISION, MEDICAL
OR SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS AND APPARATUS; PARTS AND ACCESSORIES THEREOF

CHAPTER 90

XVIII
90-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Articles of a kind used in machines, appliances or for other technical uses, of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber

(heading 4016), of leather or of composition leather (heading 4205) or of textile material (heading 5911);

(b) Supporting belts or other support articles of textile material, whose intended effect on the organ to be supported or held

derives solely from their elasticity (for example, maternity belts, thoracic support bandages, abdominal support bandages,
supports for joints or muscles) (section XI);

(c) Refractory goods of heading 6903; ceramic wares for laboratory, chemical or other technical uses, of heading 6909;

(d) Glass mirrors, not optically worked, of heading 7009, or mirrors of base metal or of precious metal, not being optical elements

(heading 8306 or chapter 71);

(e) Goods of heading 7007, 7008, 7011, 7014, 7015 or 7017;

(f) Parts of general use, as defined in note 2 to Section XV, of base metal (Section XV) or similar goods of plastics (chapter
39); however, articles specially designed for use exclusively in implants in medical, surgical, dental or veterinary sciences
are to be classified in heading 9021;

(g) Pumps incorporating measuring devices, of heading 8413; weight-operated counting or checking machinery, or separately
entered weights for balances (heading 8423); lifting or handling machinery (headings 8425 to 8428); paper or paperboard
cutting machines of all kinds (heading 8441); fittings for adjusting work or tools on machine tools or water-jet cutting machines,
of heading 8466, including fittings with optical devices for reading the scale (for example, "optical" dividing heads) but not
those which are in themselves essentially optical instruments (for example, alignment telescopes); calculating machines
(heading 8470); valves or other appliances of heading 8481, machines and apparatus (including apparatus for the projection
or drawing of circuit patterns on sensitized semiconductor materials) of heading 8486;

(h) Searchlights or spotlights of a kind used for cycles or motor vehicles (heading 8512); portable electric lamps of heading
8513; cinematographic sound recording, reproducing or re-recording apparatus (heading 8519); sound-heads (heading
8522); television cameras, digital cameras and video camera recorders (heading 8525); radar apparatus, radio navigational
aid apparatus and radio remote control apparatus (heading 8526); connectors for optical fibers, optical fiber bundles and
cables (heading 8536); numerical control apparatus (heading 8537); sealed beam lamp units of heading 8539; optical fiber
cables of heading 8544;

(ij) Searchlights or spotlights of heading 9405;

(k) Articles of chapter 95;

(l) Monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles, of heading 9620;

(m) Capacity measures, which are to be classified according to their constituent material; or

(n) Spools, reels or similar supports (which are to be classified according to their constituent material, for example, in heading

3923 or section XV).

2. Subject to note 1 above, parts and accessories for machines, apparatus, instruments or articles of this chapter are to be classified

according to the following rules:

(a) Parts and accessories which are goods included in any of the headings of this chapter or of chapter 84, 85 or 91 (other than

heading 8487, 8548 or 9033) are in all cases to be classified in their respective headings;

(b) Other parts and accessories, if suitable for use solely or principally with a particular kind of machine, instrument or apparatus,
or with a number of machines, instruments or apparatus of the same heading (including a machine, instrument or apparatus
of heading 9010, 9013 or 9031) are to be classified with the machines, instruments or apparatus of that kind;

(c) All other parts and accessories are to be classified in heading 9033.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
90-2
Notes (con.)

3.

The provisions of notes 3 and 4 to section XVI apply also to this chapter.

4. Heading 9005 does not apply to telescopic sights for fitting to arms, periscopic telescopes for fitting to submarines or tanks, or
to telescopes for machines, appliances, instruments or apparatus of this chapter or section XVI; such telescopic sights and
telescopes are to be classified in heading 9013.

5. Measuring or checking optical instruments, appliances or machines which, but for this note, could be classified both in heading

9013 and in heading 9031 are to be classified in heading 9031.

6.

For the purposes of heading 9021, the expression “orthopedic appliances” means appliances for:

(a) Preventing or correcting bodily deformities; or

(b) Supporting or holding parts of the body following an illness, operation or injury.

Orthopedic appliances include footwear and special insoles designed to correct orthopedic conditions, provided that they are
either (1) made to measure or (2) mass-produced, entered singly and not in pairs and designed to fit either foot equally.

7. Heading 9032 applies only to:

(a)

Instruments and apparatus for automatically controlling the flow, level, pressure or other variables of liquids or gases, or for
automatically controlling temperature, whether or not their operation depends on an electrical phenomenon which varies
according to the factor to be automatically controlled, which are designed to bring this factor to, and maintain it at, a desired
value, stabilized against disturbances, by constantly or periodically measuring its actual value; and

(b) Automatic regulators of electrical quantities, and instruments or apparatus for automatically controlling non-electrical quantities
the operation of which depends on an electrical phenomenon varying according to the factor to be controlled, which are
designed to bring this factor to, and maintain it at, a desired value, stabilized against disturbances, by constantly or periodically
measuring its actual value.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

4.

For the purposes of headings 9001 and 9002, the term "optically worked" refers to glass the surface of which has been ground
or polished in order to produce the required optical properties.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "electrical" when used in reference to instruments, appliances, apparatus and machines,
refers to those articles the operation of which depends on an electrical phenomenon which varies according to the factor to be
ascertained.

For the purposes of this chapter, the terms "optical appliances"and"optical instruments" refer only to those appliances and
instruments which incorporate one or more optical elements, but do not include any appliances or instruments in which the
incorporated optical element or elements are solely for viewing a scale or for some other subsidiary purpose.

For the purposes of this chapter, the term "printed circuit assembly"means goods consisting of one or more printed circuits of
heading 8534 with one or more active elements assembled thereon, with or without passive elements. For the purposes of this
note,"active elements" means diodes, transistors and similar semiconductor devices, whether or not photosensitive, of heading
8541, and integrated circuits of heading 8542.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

For statistical reporting purposes under subheading 9001.10, the unit of quantity "fiber m", as it pertains to optical fiber bundles
and cables, is determined by multiplying the number of individual fibers contained therein by the length in meters.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 9025.19.8010, “clinical infrared thermometers” are devices designed to be used
to check the body temperatures of humans and animals.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9001

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
90-3

Optical fibers and optical fiber bundles; optical fiber cables
other than those of heading 8544; sheets and plates of
polarizing material; lenses (including contact lenses), prisms,
mirrors and other optical elements, of any material, unmounted,
other than such elements of glass not optically worked:

9001.10.00

Optical fibers, optical fiber bundles and cables..................

..................

6.7%1/

Optical fibers:

For transmission of voice, data or video
communications........................................................

Other:

Plastic optical fibers..........................................

Other...................................................................

m

m

m

Optical fiber bundles and cables:

Plastic optical fiber bundles and cables.................

Fiber m

Other..........................................................................
Sheets and plates of polarizing material.............................

Fiber m
kg..............

30

50

70

75

85
00

9001.20.00

9001.30.00

00

Contact lenses........................................................................

No.............

9001.40.00

00

Spectacle lenses of glass......................................................

prs.............

9001.50.00

00

Spectacle lenses of other materials.....................................

prs.............

9001.90
9001.90.40

00

Other:

Lenses..............................................................................

No.............

9001.90.50

00

Prisms...............................................................................

No.............

9001.90.60

00

Mirrors..............................................................................

No.............

Free1/

2%2/

2%2/

2%2/

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Other:

9001.90.80

00

Halftone screens designed for use in engraving or
photographic processes..........................................

No.............

Free3/

9001.90.90

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free3/

65%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

40%

40%

40%

45%

65%

45%

25%

85%

XVIII
90-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9002

9002.11

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Lenses, prisms, mirrors and other optical elements, of any
material, mounted, being parts of or fittings for instruments or
apparatus, other than such elements of glass not optically
worked; parts and accessories thereof:

Objective lenses and parts and accessories thereof:

For cameras, projectors or photographic enlargers or
reducers:

9002.11.40

00

Projection...................................................................

No.............

2.45%3/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9002.11.60

00

Other:

Mounted lenses suitable for use in, and
entered separately from, closed-circuit
television cameras, with or without attached
electrical or non-electrical closed-circuit
television camera connectors, and with or
without attached motors....................................

No.............

Free3/

9002.11.90

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

2.3%3/

9002.19.00
9002.20
9002.20.40

9002.20.80
9002.90
9002.90.20

00

00

00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Filters and parts and accessories thereof:

Photographic....................................................................

No.............

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Other:

Prisms...............................................................................

No.............

9002.90.40

00

Mirrors..............................................................................

No.............

Free3/

Free3/

Free3/

Free5/

Free5/

9002.90.70

00

9002.90.85

00

Other:

Halftone screens designed for use in engraving or
photographic processes..........................................

No.............

Free5/

Mounted lenses suitable for use in, and entered
separately from, closed-circuit television cameras,
with or without attached electrical or non-electrical
closed-circuit television camera connectors, and
with or without attached motors..............................

No.............

Free3/

9002.90.95

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

9003

Frames and mountings for spectacles, goggles or the like, and
parts thereof:

Frames and mountings:

9003.11.00

00

Of plastics........................................................................

doz............

2.5%2/

9003.19.00
9003.90.00

00
00

Of other materials............................................................
Parts........................................................................................

doz............
No.............

Free2/
2.5%2/

45%

45%

45%

20%4/

65%

65%

45%

25%

65%

65%

50%

50%
50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
90-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

9004
9004.10.00

Spectacles, goggles and the like, corrective, protective or other:
Sunglasses.............................................................................

00

doz............

2%2/

9004.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

2.5%2/

10

90

20

40

80

20

40
00

9005

9005.10.00

9005.80
9005.80.40

9005.80.60

Safety glasses or safety goggles6/.................................

doz.

Other6/...............................................................................

doz.

Binoculars, monoculars, other optical telescopes, and
mountings therefor; other astronomical instruments and
mountings therefor, but not including instruments for
radio-astronomy; parts and accessories thereof:

Binoculars...............................................................................
Prism binoculars for use with infrared light..................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other prism binoculars6/.................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Other instruments:

Optical telescopes...........................................................

..................

8%

For use with infrared light........................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

6%2/

9005.90
9005.90.40

00

Parts and accessories (including mountings):

Incorporating goods of heading 9001 or 9002.............

No.............

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is a part
or accessory7/

9005.90.80

01

Other.................................................................................

No.............

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is a part
or accessory7/

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

60%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is a
part or
accessory

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is a
part or
accessory

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
90-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9006

9006.30.00

00

Photographic (other than cinematographic) cameras;
photographic flashlight apparatus and flashbulbs other than
discharge lamps of heading 8539; parts and accessories
thereof:

Cameras specially designed for underwater use, for aerial
survey, or for medical or surgical examination of internal
organs; comparison cameras for forensic or criminological
purposes.................................................................................

No.............

Free3/

9006.40
9006.40.40

00

Instant print cameras:

Fixed focus.......................................................................

No.............

Free2/

9006.40.60

00

Valued not over $10 each........................................

No.............

6.8%

Other than fixed focus:

9006.40.90

00

Valued over $10 each..............................................

No.............

Free

9006.53.02

05

10

20

50

70

Other cameras:

For roll film of a width of 35 mm.....................................
With through-the-lens viewfinder (single lens reflex
(SLR))........................................................................

..................

Free2/

No.

Other:

One time use cameras:

With built-in electronic stroboscopic
flash..............................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

With built-in electronic stroboscopic
flash..............................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9006 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
90-7

Photographic (other than cinematographic) cameras;
photographic flashlight apparatus and flashbulbs other than
discharge lamps of heading 8539; parts and accessories
thereof: (con.)

9006.59

Other:

Other cameras: (con.)

9006.59.01

9006.59.05

9006.59.08

60

90

20

40
00

For roll film of a width less than 35mm:

With through-the-lens viewfinder (single lens
reflex (SLR)).......................................................
For magnetically sensitized roll film of a
width of 24 mm............................................

..................

Free2/

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

Fixed focus:

Hand held:

110 cameras..................................

..................

Free2/

With built-in electronic
stroboscopic flash...................

No.

Other........................................
Other...............................................

No.
No.............

4%2/

9006.59.10

00

9006.59.12

00

Other......................................................

No.............

Other than fixed focus:

Valued not over $10 each...................

No.............

Free2/

6.8%2/

9006.59.15

Valued over $10 each..........................

..................

Free2/

20

40
60
80

Hand held:

110 cameras:

With built-in electronic
stroboscopic flash............

Other.................................
Other........................................
Other...............................................

No.

No.
No.
No.

Other:

9006.59.20

00

Cameras of a kind used for preparing printing
plates or cylinders..............................................

No.............

Free2/

9006.59.40

Fixed focus.........................................................

..................

4%2/

40

60

Disc cameras...............................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other than fixed focus:

9006.59.60

00

Valued not over $10 each..........................

No.............

6.8%

9006.59.91

00

Valued over $10 each.................................

No.............

Free2/

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVIII
90-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9006 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Photographic (other than cinematographic) cameras;
photographic flashlight apparatus and flashbulbs other than
discharge lamps of heading 8539; parts and accessories
thereof: (con.)

Photographic flashlight apparatus and flashbulbs:

9006.61.00

Discharge lamp ("electronic") flashlight apparatus......

..................

Free2/

20

40
60

10

50

9006.69.01

Capable of camera mounting:

Capable of automatically controlling flash
duration...............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Flashbulbs, flashcubes and the like.......................

No.
No.
..................
No.

Free

Other..........................................................................

No.

Parts and accessories:

9006.91.00

01

For cameras.....................................................................

No.............

5.8%2/

9006.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3.9%2/

35%

35%

20%4/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
90-9

Cinematographic cameras and projectors, whether or not
incorporating sound recording or reproducing apparatus; parts
and accessories thereof:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9007

9007.10.00

00

Cameras..................................................................................

No.............

Free3/

9007.20

Projectors:

9007.20.20

00

For film of less than 16 mm:

With sound recording and reproducing systems;
and those capable of projecting only sound motion
pictures......................................................................

No.............

Free3/

9007.20.40

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.9%3/

9007.20.60

40

80
00

9007.20.80

9007.91
9007.91.40

00

Other:

With sound recording and reproducing systems;
and those capable of projecting only sound motion
pictures......................................................................
16 mm.................................................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

3.5%3/

Parts and accessories:
For cameras:

Parts...........................................................................

kg..............

9007.91.80

01

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free2/

3.9%2/

9007.92.00

00

For projectors...................................................................

kg..............

3.5%3/

20%

45%

45%

45%

45%

20%4/

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVIII
90-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9008

9008.50
9008.50.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Image projectors, other than cinematographic; photographic
(other than cinematographic) enlargers and reducers; parts
and accessories thereof:

Projectors, enlargers and reducers:

Slide projectors................................................................

No.............

7%

Microfilm, microfiche or other microform readers,
whether or not capable of producing copies:

9008.50.20

00

Capable of producing copies..................................

No.............

9008.50.30

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free2/

3.5%2/

9008.50.40

00

Other image projectors...................................................

No.............

4.6%

9008.50.50

00

9008.90
9008.90.40

00

Photographic (other than cinematographic) enlargers
and reducers....................................................................

No.............

Free3/

Parts and accessories:

Of image projectors, other than cinematographic.......

kg..............

9008.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Free3/

2.9%3/

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

45%

45%

20%

35%

20%4/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9010

9010.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-11

2

Apparatus and equipment for photographic (including
cinematographic) laboratories, not specified or included
elsewhere in this chapter; negatoscopes; projection screens;
parts and accessories thereof:

Apparatus and equipment for automatically developing
photographic (including cinematographic) film or paper in
rolls or for automatically exposing developed film to rolls
of photographic paper...........................................................

kg..............

2.4%3/

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9010.50

Other apparatus and equipment for photographic (including
cinematographic) laboratories; negatoscopes:

9010.50.10

00

Contact printers...............................................................

No.............

9010.50.20

00

Developing tanks.............................................................

No.............

Free3/

Free3/

Photographic film viewers, titlers, splicers and editors,
all the foregoing and combinations thereof:

Articles containing an optical lens or designed to
contain such a lens:

Editors and combination editor-splicers, for
cinematographic film.........................................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Projection screens.................................................................

No.............

Free3/

kg..............
kg..............
kg..............
No.............

Free3/
Free3/
Free3/
Free3/

Parts and accessories:

Parts and accessories of articles of subheadings
9010.50 and 9010.60......................................................

kg..............

Free3/

9010.50.30

00

9010.50.40
9010.50.50
9010.50.60
9010.60.00

9010.90
9010.90.85

00
00
00
00

00

9010.90.95

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

2.9%3/

9011

9011.10
9011.10.40

9011.10.80
9011.20

00

00

Compound optical microscopes, including those for
photomicrography, cinemicrography or microprojection; parts
and accessories thereof:

Stereoscopic microscopes:

Provided with a means for photographing the image...

No.............

Free5/

Other.................................................................................
Other microscopes, for photomicrography, cinemicrography
or microprojection:

No.............

Free5/

9011.20.40

00

Provided with a means for photographing the image...

No.............

3.9%5/

9011.20.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

7.2%3/

9011.80.00

00

Other microscopes.................................................................

No.............

9011.90.00

00

Parts and accessories...........................................................

kg..............

Free3/

Free5/

35%

45%

45%

45%
35%
35%
50%

45%

45%

20%

45%

20%

45%

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XVIII
90-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9012

9012.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Microscopes other than optical microscopes; diffraction
apparatus; parts and accessories thereof:

Microscopes other than optical microscopes; diffraction
apparatus................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

9012.90.00

00

Parts and accessories...........................................................

kg..............

Free5/

40%

40%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9013

9013.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-13

2

Lasers, other than laser diodes; other optical appliances and
instruments, not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter:
Telescopic sights for fitting to arms; periscopes; telescopes
designed to form parts of machines, appliances,
instruments or apparatus of this chapter or section XVI:

Telescopic sights for rifles:

9013.10.10

00

Not designed for use with infrared light.................

No.............

14.9%2/

9013.10.30

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

1.4%3/

Other:

9013.10.45

00

Telescopes designed to form parts of machines,
appliances, instruments or apparatus of this
chapter of section XVI..............................................

No.............

Free5/

9013.10.50

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

5.3%2/

9013.20.00

00

Lasers, other than laser diodes............................................

No.............

Free5/

9013.80
9013.80.20

00

Other devices, appliances and instruments:

Hand magnifiers, magnifying glasses, loupes, thread
counters and similar apparatus.....................................

No.............

6.6%3/

9013.80.40

00

Door viewers (door eyes)...............................................

No.............

5.8%3/

9013.80.91

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

4.5%2/

9013.90
9013.90.20

00

Parts and accessories:

Of telescopic sights for rifles..........................................

No.............

16%2/

Other:

9013.90.70

00

Other parts and accessories, other than for
telescopic sights for fitting to arms or for
periscopes.................................................................

No.............

Free3/

9013.90.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.5%8/

45%

35%

45%

45%

35%

45%

60%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

7.45% (JP)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
90-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9014

9014.10
9014.10.10

00

9014.10.70

9014.10.90
9014.20

30

60
00

9014.20.80

9014.80
9014.80.10

40

80

00

9014.80.40

00

9014.80.50
9014.90
9014.90.10

00

00

9014.90.20

40

80
00

9014.90.40

Direction finding compasses; other navigational instruments
and appliances; parts and accessories thereof:

Direction finding compasses:

Optical instruments.........................................................

No.............

9014.10.60

00

Gyroscopic compasses, other than electrical.......

No.............

Other:

Other:

Electrical.............................................................
Gyroscopic compasses..............................

..................
No.

Free5/

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.............

Instruments and appliances for aeronautical or space
navigation (other than compasses):

9014.20.20

00

Optical instruments and appliances..............................

No.............

9014.20.40

00

Automatic pilots........................................................

No.............

Other:

9014.20.60

00

Electrical.............................................................

No.............

Other:

Other...................................................................
For use in civil aircraft9/...............................

..................

Free5/

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other instruments and appliances:

Optical instruments.........................................................

No.............

9014.80.20

00

Ships' logs and depth-sounding apparatus...........

No.............

Other:

Other:

Electrical.............................................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

Parts and accessories:

Of articles covered by subheading 9014.20.40...........

kg..............

Of articles covered by subheading 9014.20.80...........
For use in civil aircraft9/............................................

..................

Free5/

No.

Other..........................................................................
Of articles covered by subheading 9014.80.50...........

No.
kg..............

Free3/

Free2/

Free1/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

9014.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

45%

35%

40%

45%

45%

40%

40%

30%4/

45%

70%

40%

30%4/

40%

30%

30%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-15

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9015

9015.10
9015.10.40

9015.10.80
9015.20
9015.20.40

9015.20.80
9015.30
9015.30.40

00

00

00

00

00

Surveying (including photogrammetrical surveying),
hydrographic, oceanographic, hydrological, meteorological or
geophysical instruments and appliances, excluding compasses;
rangefinders; parts and accessories thereof:

Rangefinders:

Electrical...........................................................................

No.............

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Theodolites and tachymeters (tacheometers):

Electrical...........................................................................

No.............

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Levels:

Electrical...........................................................................

No.............

9015.30.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free3/

9015.40
9015.40.40

9015.40.80
9015.80
9015.80.20

00

00

00

Photogrammetrical surveying instruments and appliances:
Electrical...........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Other instruments and appliances:

Optical instruments and appliances..............................

No.............

9015.80.60

00

Seismographs...........................................................

No.............

Other:

9015.80.80

9015.90.01

40

80

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Other..........................................................................
Geophysical instruments and appliances.......

..................
No.

Other6/.................................................................
Parts and accessories...........................................................

kg
..................

Of rangefinders................................................................

Of theodolites and tachymeters.....................................

Of levels............................................................................

Of photogrammetrical surveying instruments and
apparatus.........................................................................

Of seismographs.............................................................

Of other geophysical instruments and appliances......

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

Free3/

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

Free3/

2.8%3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

45%

40%

45%

40%

45%

40%

40%

45%

40%

40%

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is a
part or
accessory

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
90-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9016.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Balances of a sensitivity of 5 cg or better, with or without
weights; parts and accessories thereof:

9016.00.20

00

Electrical balances and parts and accessories thereof......

kg..............

3.9%3/

Other:

9016.00.40

00

Jewelers' balances and parts and accessories
thereof...............................................................................

kg..............

2.9%3/

9016.00.60

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

3.3%3/

9017

Drawing, marking-out or mathematical calculating instruments
(for example, drafting machines, pantographs, protractors,
drawing sets, slide rules, disc calculators); instruments for
measuring length, for use in the hand (for example, measuring
rods and tapes, micrometers, calipers), not specified or
included elsewhere in this chapter; parts and accessories
thereof:

9017.10
9017.10.40

00

Drafting tables and machines, whether or not automatic:
Plotters..............................................................................

No.............

Free3/

9017.10.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3.9%3/

9017.20

9017.20.40

00

Other drawing, marking-out or mathematical calculating
instruments:

Disc calculators, slide rules and other mathematical
calculating instruments...................................................

No.............

3.9%3/

9017.20.70

00

Plotters..............................................................................

No.............

9017.20.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free3/

4.6%3/

40

80

00

9017.30
9017.30.40

Hand operated input devices which transmit
position data to computer processors or displays
(digitizers)..................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

kg

Micrometers, calipers and gauges:

Micrometers and calipers...............................................

No.............

5.8%3/

9017.30.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

3.9%3/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

40%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9017 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-17

2

Drawing, marking-out or mathematical calculating instruments
(for example, drafting machines, pantographs, protractors,
drawing sets, slide rules, disc calculators); instruments for
measuring length, for use in the hand (for example, measuring
rods and tapes, micrometers, calipers), not specified or
included elsewhere in this chapter; parts and accessories
thereof: (con.)

9017.80.00

00

Other instruments..................................................................

No.............

5.3%3/

9017.90.01

Parts and accessories...........................................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is a part
or accessory10/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

2.65% (JP)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is a
part or
accessory

05

15

20

32

36

40

50

60

Of articles of subheading 9017.10.40...........................

Of articles of subheading 9017.10.80...........................

Of articles of subheading 9017.20.40...........................

Of articles of subheading 9017.20.70...........................

Of articles of subheading 9017.20.80...........................

Of articles of subheading 9017.30.40...........................

Of articles of subheading 9017.30.80...........................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

XVIII
90-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9018

9018.11

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Instruments and appliances used in medical, surgical, dental
or veterinary sciences, including scintigraphic apparatus, other
electro-medical apparatus and sight-testing instruments; parts
and accessories thereof:

Electro-diagnostic apparatus (including apparatus for
functional exploratory examination or for checking
physiological parameters); parts and accessories thereof:
Electrocardiographs, and parts and accessories
thereof:

9018.11.30

00

Electrocardiographs.................................................

No.............

9018.11.60

00

Printed circuit assemblies........................................

No.............

9018.11.90

00

9018.12.00

00

Other6/........................................................................
Ultrasonic scanning apparatus6/....................................

No.............

No.............

9018.13.00

00

Magnetic resonance imaging apparatus......................

No.............

9018.14.00

00

Scintigraphic apparatus..................................................

No.............

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/
Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

9018.19
9018.19.40

00

9018.19.55

00

9018.19.75

00

9018.19.95

30

35

50

60

40

80

40

80
90
00

20

40
50

9018.20.00

9018.31.00

9018.32.00

9018.39.00

Other:

Apparatus for functional exploratory examination,
and parts and accessories thereof.........................

No.............

Free5/

Other:

Patient monitoring systems..............................

No.............

Free5/

Printed circuit assemblies for parameter
acquisition modules...........................................

Other...................................................................
Basal metabolism and blood pressure
apparatus6/...................................................

Electroencephalographs (EEG) and
electromyographs (EMG)...........................

No.............

Free5/

..................

Free5/

No.

No.

Other apparatus6/........................................

No.

Parts and accessories6/..............................

No.

Ultraviolet or infrared ray apparatus, and parts and
accessories thereof................................................................
Therapeutic......................................................................

..................
No.

Free5/

Other.................................................................................
Syringes, needles, catheters, cannulae and the like; parts
and accessories thereof:

No.

Syringes, with or without needles; parts and
accessories thereof.........................................................

..................

Free11/

Syringes, with or without their needles:

Hypodermic........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Parts and accessories.............................................

No.
No.

Tubular metal needles and needles for sutures and
parts and accessories thereof........................................

Other.................................................................................
Bougies, catheters, drains and sondes, and parts
and accessories thereof:

No.............

Free11/

..................

Free

Rubber catheters...............................................

doz.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

55%

35%

35%

35%

35%

60%

55%

30%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-19

2

Instruments and appliances used in medical, surgical, dental
or veterinary sciences, including scintigraphic apparatus, other
electro-medical apparatus and sight-testing instruments; parts
and accessories thereof: (con.)

Other instruments and appliances, used in dental sciences,
and parts and accessories thereof:

Dental drill engines, whether or not combined on a
single base with other dental equipment, and parts
and accessories thereof.................................................

No.............

Free

Other:

Dental burs................................................................

gross.........

Free

Other..........................................................................
Dental hand instruments and parts and
accessories thereof...........................................

..................

Free

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other ophthalmic instruments and appliances and parts
and accessories thereof........................................................

No.............

Free

35%

35%

35%

60%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9018 (con.)

9018.41.00

00

9018.49
9018.49.40

9018.49.80

9018.50.00

00

40

80
00

XVIII
90-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9018 (con.)

9018.90

9018.90.10

00

9018.90.20

00

9018.90.30

00

9018.90.40

00

9018.90.50

40

80

9018.90.60

00

9018.90.64

00

9018.90.68

00

9018.90.75

20

40

60
70

80
00

9018.90.80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Instruments and appliances used in medical, surgical, dental
or veterinary sciences, including scintigraphic apparatus, other
electro-medical apparatus and sight-testing instruments; parts
and accessories thereof: (con.)

Other instruments and appliances and parts and
accessories thereof:

Optical instruments and appliances and parts and
accessories thereof:

Mirrors and reflectors...............................................

No.............

Free

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Other:

Anesthetic instruments and appliances and parts
and accessories thereof6/.........................................

No.............

Free5/

Percussion hammers, stethoscopes and parts of
stethoscopes.............................................................

No.............

Free

45%

60%

45%

45%

..................

Free

27.5%

Sphygmomanometers, tensimeters and
oscillometers; all the foregoing and parts and
accessories thereof..................................................

Sphygmomanometers and parts and
accessories thereof...........................................

Other...................................................................
Electro-medical instruments and appliances and
parts and accessories thereof:

Electro-surgical instruments and appliances,
other than extracorporeal shock wave
lithotripters; all the foregoing and parts and
accessories thereof6/.........................................

Other:

No.

No.

No.............

Free5/

Defibrillators.................................................

No.............

Free

Printed circuit assemblies for the
defibrillators of subheading 9018.90.64....

No.............

Free

Other.............................................................
Dialysis instruments and apparatus....

..................
No.

Free5/

Other therapeutic appliances and
instruments:

Ultrasonic.......................................

No.

Other...............................................

No.

Parts and accessories of dialysis
instruments and apparatus.................

No.

Other......................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.............

Free

55%

35%

35%

35%

55%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-21

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9019

9019.10

9019.10.20

10

20

30

35

45
50
90

Mechano-therapy appliances; massage apparatus;
psychological aptitude-testing apparatus; ozone therapy,
oxygen therapy, aerosol therapy, artificial respiration or other
therapeutic respiration apparatus; parts and accessories
thereof:

Mechano-therapy appliances; massage apparatus;
psychological aptitude-testing apparatus; parts and
accessories thereof:

Mechano-therapy appliances and massage apparatus;
parts and accessories thereof........................................
Mechano-therapy appliances..................................

..................
No.

Free

Massage apparatus:

Electrically operated:
Battery powered:

Handheld...............................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Other:

Powered by AC adapter......................

No.

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................
Parts and accessories.............................................

No.
No.
No.

9019.10.40

00

9019.10.60
9019.20.00

00
00

9020.00

9020.00.40

00

Other:

Electrically operated apparatus and parts
thereof........................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Ozone therapy, oxygen therapy, aerosol therapy, artificial
respiration or other therapeutic respiration apparatus; parts
and accessories thereof........................................................

No.............

Free

No.............

Free

No.............

Free

Other breathing appliances and gas masks, excluding
protective masks having neither mechanical parts nor
replaceable filters; parts and accessories thereof:

Underwater breathing devices designed as a complete
unit to be carried on the person and not requiring
attendants...............................................................................

No.............

Free

9020.00.60

00

Other breathing appliances and gas masks.......................

No.............

2.5%

9020.00.90

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

2.5%

35%

35%

55%

35%

27.5%

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Orthopedic appliances, including crutches, surgical belts and
trusses; splints and other fracture appliances; artificial parts
of the body; hearing aids and other appliances which are worn
or carried, or implanted in the body, to compensate for a defect
or disability; parts and accessories thereof:

Orthopedic or fracture appliances, and parts and
accessories thereof................................................................
Bone plates, screws and nails, and other internal
fixation devices or appliances........................................

Other.................................................................................

Artificial teeth and dental fittings, and parts and
accessories thereof:

Artificial teeth and parts and accessories thereof:

..................

Free

55%

No.

No.

XVIII
90-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9021

9021.10.00

50

90

00

00

00

9021.21
9021.21.40

9021.21.80
9021.29
9021.29.40

Of plastics..................................................................

No.............

Free

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free

Other:

Of plastics..................................................................

No.............

Free

9021.29.80

00

Other..........................................................................
Other artificial parts of the body and parts and accessories
thereof:

No.............

Free

9021.31.00

00

Artificial joints and parts and accessories thereof.......

No.............

Free

9021.39.00
9021.40.00

00
00

9021.50.00

00

9021.90
9021.90.40

40

80
00

9021.90.81

Other.................................................................................
Hearing aids, excluding parts and accessories thereof......

No.............
No.............

Free
Free

Pacemakers for stimulating heart muscles, excluding parts
and accessories thereof........................................................

No.............

Free5/

Other:

Parts and accessories for hearing aids and for
pacemakers for stimulating heart muscles...................
For hearing aids........................................................

..................
No.

Free

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

Free

20%

70%

20%

70%

55%

40%
35%

35%

35%

35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9022

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-23

2

Apparatus based on the use of X-rays or of alpha, beta, gamma
or other ionizing radiations, whether or not for medical, surgical,
dental or veterinary uses, including radiography or radiotherapy
apparatus, X-ray tubes and other X-ray generators, high
tension generators, control panels and desks, screens,
examination or treatment tables, chairs and the like; parts and
accessories thereof:

Apparatus based on the use of X-rays, whether or not for
medical, surgical, dental or veterinary uses, including
radiography or radiotherapy apparatus:

9022.12.00

00

Computed tomography apparatus6/...............................

No.............

Free5/

9022.13.00

00

Other, for dental uses.....................................................

No.............

Free5/

9022.14.00

00

Other, for medical, surgical or veterinary uses6/..........

No.............

Free5/

9022.19.00

00

For other uses..................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Apparatus based on the use of alpha, beta, gamma or
other ionizing radiations, whether or not for medical,
surgical, dental or veterinary uses, including radiography
or radiotherapy apparatus:

9022.21.00

00

For medical, surgical, dental or veterinary uses..........

No.............

Free5/

9022.29
9022.29.40

9022.29.80
9022.30.00

00

00
00

For other uses:

Smoke detectors, ionization type............................

No.............

Free

Other..........................................................................
X-ray tubes..............................................................................

No.............
No.............

Free5/
Free5/

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
90-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9022 (con.)

9022.90
9022.90.05

00

Apparatus based on the use of X-rays or of alpha, beta, gamma
or other ionizing radiations, whether or not for medical, surgical,
dental or veterinary uses, including radiography or radiotherapy
apparatus, X-ray tubes and other X-ray generators, high
tension generators, control panels and desks, screens,
examination or treatment tables, chairs and the like; parts and
accessories thereof: (con.)

Other, including parts and accessories:

Radiation generator units...............................................

No.............

0.8%5/

9022.90.15

00

Radiation beam delivery units........................................

No.............

1.4%5/

9022.90.25

00

Other apparatus........................................................

No.............

0.8%5/

Other:

9022.90.40

00

Of X-ray tubes6/..................................................

No.............

0.9%5/

Parts and accessories:

9022.90.60

00

Other:

Of apparatus based on the use of
X-rays6/.........................................................

No.............

Free5/

9022.90.70

00

Of smoke detectors, ionization type.........

No.............

1%

9022.90.95

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

1.4%5/

9023.00.00

00

9024

Instruments, apparatus and models, designed for
demonstrational purposes (for example, in education or
exhibitions), unsuitable for other uses, and parts and
accessories thereof......................................................................

Machines and appliances for testing the hardness, strength,
compressibility, elasticity or other mechanical properties of
materials (for example, metals, wood, textiles, paper, plastics),
and parts and accessories thereof:

kg..............

Free2/

9024.10.00

00

Machines and appliances for testing metals.......................

No.............

9024.80.00

00

Other machines and appliances...........................................

No.............

9024.90.00

40

80

Parts and accessories...........................................................
Of machines and appliances for testing metals...........

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

35%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

35%

Free4/

40%

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9025

9025.11
9025.11.20

9025.11.40
9025.19
9025.19.40

9025.19.80

9025.80
9025.80.10

00

00

00

10

20

60

85

00

Hydrometers and similar floating instruments, thermometers,
pyrometers, barometers, hygrometers and psychrometers,
recording or not, and any combination of these instruments;
parts and accessories thereof:

Thermometers and pyrometers, not combined with other
instruments:

Liquid-filled, for direct reading:

Clinical.......................................................................

No.............

Free

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free

Other:

Pyrometers................................................................

No.............

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

Clinical

Infrared thermometers of a kind described
in statistical note 2 of this chapter6/...........

No.

Other6/...........................................................

No.

Other

Infrared thermometers................................

No.

Other6/...........................................................

No.

Other instruments:

Electrical...........................................................................

No.............

1.7%1/

Other:

9025.80.15

00

Barometers, not combined with other
instruments................................................................

No.............

1%2/

9025.80.20

00

Hydrometers and similar floating instruments,
whether or not incorporating a thermometer,
non-recording............................................................

No.............

2.9%3/

9025.80.35

00

Hygrometers and psychrometers,
non-recording............................................................

No.............

1.4%2/

9025.80.40

00

Thermographs, barographs, hygrographs and
other recording instruments.....................................

No.............

1%2/

9025.80.50

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

1.6%2/

XVIII
90-25

2

85%

85%

45%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

85%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVIII
90-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9025 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Hydrometers and similar floating instruments, thermometers,
pyrometers, barometers, hygrometers and psychrometers,
recording or not, and any combination of these instruments;
parts and accessories thereof: (con.)

9025.90.06

00

Parts and accessories...........................................................

kg..............

Free3/

9026

9026.10
9026.10.20

40

80

Instruments and apparatus for measuring or checking the flow,
level, pressure or other variables of liquids or gases (for
example, flow meters, level gauges, manometers, heat meters),
excluding instruments and apparatus of heading 9014, 9015,
9028 or 9032; parts and accessories thereof:

For measuring or checking the flow or level of liquids:

Electrical...........................................................................
Flow meters...............................................................

..................
No.

Free5/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

9026.10.40

00

Flow meters...............................................................

No.............

9026.10.60
9026.20
9026.20.40

9026.20.80
9026.80
9026.80.20

00

00

00

00

9026.80.40

00

9026.80.60
9026.90
9026.90.20

00

00

9026.90.40

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

For measuring or checking pressure:

Electrical...........................................................................

No.............

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Other instruments and apparatus:

Electrical...........................................................................

No.............

Other:

Heat meters incorporating liquid supply meters,
and anemometers.....................................................

No.............

Free3/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Parts and accessories:

Of electrical instruments and apparatus.......................

kg..............

Free2/

Free5/

Other:

Of flow meters, heat meters incorporating liquid
supply meters and anemometers...........................

kg..............

Free5/

9026.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Free5/

Free2/

Free2/

Free5/

Free2/

Free5/

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is a
part or
accessory

40%

$4.50 each +

65%

35%

40%

35%

40%

$4.50 each +

65%

35%

40%

65%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-27

2

9027.10.40

00

Optical instruments and apparatus........................

kg..............

Other:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9027

9027.10
9027.10.20

00

9027.10.60
9027.20
9027.20.50

9027.20.80

9027.30

9027.30.40

9027.30.80

9027.50

00

30

50

60

80

30

60

90

40

80

20

80

Instruments and apparatus for physical or chemical analysis
(for example, polarimeters, refractometers, spectrometers,
gas or smoke analysis apparatus); instruments and apparatus
for measuring or checking viscosity, porosity, expansion,
surface tension or the like; instruments and apparatus for
measuring or checking quantities of heat, sound or light
(including exposure meters); microtomes; parts and
accessories thereof:

Gas or smoke analysis apparatus:

Electrical6/.........................................................................

kg..............
No.

Free1/

Free3/

Free3/

Free5/

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Chromatographs and electrophoresis instruments:

Electrical...........................................................................
Electrophoresis instruments....................................

..................
No.

Gas chromatographs...............................................

No.

Liquid chromatographs............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Gas chromatographs...............................................

No.
..................
No.

Free5/

Liquid chromatographs............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Spectrometers, spectrophotometers and spectrographs
using optical radiations (ultraviolet, visible, infrared):

Electrical...........................................................................
Spectrophotometers.................................................

..................
No.

Free5/

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Spectroscopes..........................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free5/

Other..........................................................................
Other instruments and apparatus using optical radiations
(ultraviolet, visible, infrared):

No.

40%

50%

40%

40%

40%

40%

50%

9027.50.10

00

Exposure meters.............................................................

No.............

1.2%5/

27.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9027.50.40

Electrical....................................................................

..................

Free5/

40%

Other:

9027.50.80

15

20

50

60

15

20

60

Chemical analysis instruments and
apparatus............................................................

Thermal analysis instruments and
apparatus............................................................

No.

No.

Photometers.......................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

Free5/

50%

Chemical analysis instruments and
apparatus............................................................

Thermal analysis instruments and
apparatus............................................................

No.

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

XVIII
90-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9027 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Instruments and apparatus for physical or chemical analysis
(for example, polarimeters, refractometers, spectrometers,
gas or smoke analysis apparatus); instruments and apparatus
for measuring or checking viscosity, porosity, expansion,
surface tension or the like; instruments and apparatus for
measuring or checking quantities of heat, sound or light
(including exposure meters); microtomes; parts and
accessories thereof: (con.)

Other instruments and apparatus:

9027.81.00

00

Mass spectrometers.......................................................

No.............

9027.89
9027.89.25

00

Other:

Nuclear magnetic resonance instruments.............

No.............

9027.89.45

Electrical.............................................................

..................

Other:

Free5/

Free5/

Free5/

9027.89.80

30

60

90

30

60

90

Chemical analysis instruments and
apparatus.....................................................

Physical analysis instruments and
apparatus.....................................................

kg

kg

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
..................

Free5/

Chemical analysis instruments and
apparatus.....................................................

Physical analysis instruments and
apparatus.....................................................

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

40%

40%

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9027 (con.)

9027.90
9027.90.20

00

9027.90.45

00

9027.90.54

00

9027.90.56

25

30

40

50

95

10

95

9027.90.59

9027.90.64

00

9027.90.68

00

9027.90.84

00

Instruments and apparatus for physical or chemical analysis
(for example, polarimeters, refractometers, spectrometers,
gas or smoke analysis apparatus); instruments and apparatus
for measuring or checking viscosity, porosity, expansion,
surface tension or the like; instruments and apparatus for
measuring or checking quantities of heat, sound or light
(including exposure meters); microtomes; parts and
accessories thereof: (con.)

Microtomes; parts and accessories:

Microtomes......................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Parts and accessories:

Of electrical instruments and apparatus:

Printed circuit assemblies for the goods of
subheading 9027.81 or 9027.89......................

No.............

Free5/

Other:

Of electrophoresis instruments not
incorporating an optical or other measuring
device...........................................................

Of instruments and apparatus of
subheading 9027.20, 9027.30, 9027.50,
9027.81 or 9027.89....................................

kg..............

Free5/

..................

Free5/

Of articles of subheading
9027.20.50............................................

Of articles of subheading
9027.30.40............................................

Of articles of subheading
9027.50.10............................................

Of articles of subheading
9027.50.40............................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................

kg
..................

Free5/

Of articles of subheading
9027.10.20............................................

Other......................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Of optical instruments and apparatus:

Of instruments and apparatus of
subheading 9027.20, 9027.30, 9027.50,
9027.81 or 9027.89....................................

kg..............

Free5/

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Free3/

Other:

Of instruments and apparatus of
subheading 9027.20, 9027.30, 9027.50,
9027.81 or 9027.89....................................

kg..............

Free5/

9027.90.88

00

Other.............................................................

kg..............

Free5/

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

50%

50%

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
90-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9028

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Gas, liquid or electricity supply or production meters, including
calibrating meters thereof; parts and accessories thereof:

9028.10.00

00

Gas meters.............................................................................

No.............

9028.20.00

00

Liquid meters..........................................................................

No.............

9028.30.00

00

Electricity meters....................................................................

No.............

9028.90.00

40

80

Parts and accessories...........................................................
Of electricity meters........................................................

..................
kg

Other.................................................................................

kg

16¢ each +
2.5%1/

16¢ each +
2.5%1/

Free1/

Free5/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +

65%

$4.50 each +

65%

$4.50 each +

65%

65%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-31

2

Revolution counters, production counters, taximeters,
odometers, pedometers and the like; speedometers and
tachometers, other than those of heading 9014 or 9015;
stroboscopes; parts and accessories thereof:

Revolution counters, production counters, taximeters,
odometers, pedometers and the like:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9029

9029.10

9029.10.40

00

Taximeters.......................................................................

No.............

5.3%3/

9029.10.80
9029.20
9029.20.20

00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Speedometers and tachometers; stroboscopes:

Bicycle speedometers.....................................................

No.............

Free3/

6%3/

9029.20.40

9029.20.60

40

80
00

9029.90
9029.90.20

00

Other speedometers and tachometers.........................
For use in civil aircraft9/............................................

..................

Free1/

No.

Other..........................................................................
Stroboscopes...................................................................

No.
No.............

16¢ each +
2.5%3/

Parts and accessories:

Of taximeters....................................................................

kg..............

5.3%3/

9029.90.40

00

Of bicycle speedometers................................................

kg..............

6%3/

9029.90.60

00

Of stroboscopes..............................................................

kg..............

3.2%2/

9029.90.80

40

80

Other.................................................................................
Of speedometers and tachometers........................

..................
kg

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

kg

85%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

110%

35%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +

65%

85%

110%

65%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
90-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9030

9030.10.00

00

9030.20
9030.20.05

00

Oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers and other instruments and
apparatus for measuring or checking electrical quantities,
excluding meters of heading 9028; instruments and apparatus
for measuring or detecting alpha, beta, gamma, X-ray, cosmic
or other ionizing radiations; parts and accessories thereof:
Instruments and apparatus for measuring or detecting
ionizing radiations..................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Oscilloscopes and oscillographs:

Specially designed for telecommunications.................

No.............

9030.20.10

00

Other oscilloscopes and oscillographs.........................

No.............

Other instruments and apparatus, for measuring or
checking voltage, current, resistance or power (other than
those for measuring or checking semiconductor wafers or
devices):

9030.31.00

00

Multimeters, without a recording device.......................

No.............

9030.32.00

00

Multimeters, with a recording device............................

No.............

Free5/

Free3/

Free1/

Free1/

9030.33
9030.33.34

00

Other, without a recording device:

Resistance measuring instruments........................

No.............

1.7%5/

9030.33.38
9030.39.01
9030.40.00

00
00
00

Other..........................................................................
Other, with a recording device.......................................
Other instruments and apparatus, specially designed for
telecommunications (for example, cross-talk meters, gain
measuring instruments, distortion factor meters,
psophometers).......................................................................

No.............
No.............

Free5/
Free5/

No.............

Free5/

Other instruments and apparatus:

9030.82.00

00

For measuring or checking semiconductor wafers or
devices (including integrated circuits)..........................

No.............

Free5/

9030.84.00

00

Other, with a recording device.......................................

No.............

9030.89.01

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%
40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9030 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-33

2

Oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers and other instruments and
apparatus for measuring or checking electrical quantities,
excluding meters of heading 9028; instruments and apparatus
for measuring or detecting alpha, beta, gamma, X-ray, cosmic
or other ionizing radiations; parts and accessories thereof:
(con.)

9030.90

Parts and accessories:

For articles of subheading 9030.10:

9030.90.25

00

Printed circuit assemblies........................................

No.............

9030.90.46

00

Other6/........................................................................

kg..............
No.

Free5/

Free5/

Other:

Printed circuit assemblies:

9030.90.66

00

Of instruments and apparatus of subheading
9030.40 or 9030.82...........................................

No.............

Free5/

9030.90.68

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free5/

9030.90.84

00

9030.90.89

11

21

22

23

31

40

56

61

Other:

Of instruments and apparatus of subheading
9030.82...............................................................

kg..............

Free5/

Other...................................................................
Of articles of subheading 9030.20............

..................
kg

Free5/

Of articles of subheading 9030.31............

Of articles of subheading 9030.32............

Of articles of subheading 9030.33............

Of articles of subheading 9030.39............

Of articles of subheading 9030.40............

Of articles of subheading 9030.84............

Other.............................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
90-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9031

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Measuring or checking instruments, appliances and machines,
not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter; profile
projectors; parts and accessories thereof:

9031.10.00

00

Machines for balancing mechanical parts...........................

No.............

9031.20.00

00

Test benches..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

1.7%5/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9031.41.00

20

40

60

00

9031.49
9031.49.10

Other optical instruments and appliances:

For inspecting semiconductor wafers or devices
(including integrated circuits) or for inspecting
photomasks or reticles used in manufacturing
semiconductor devices (including integrated
circuits).............................................................................
For inspecting photomasks or reticles used in
manufacturing semiconductor devices..................

For inspecting semiconductor wafers or devices:
For wafers...........................................................

..................

Free5/

No.

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Profile projectors.......................................................

No.............

9031.49.40

00

Coordinate-measuring machines............................

No.............

9031.49.70

00

9031.49.90
9031.80
9031.80.40

00

00

9031.80.80

60

70
85

For inspecting masks (other than photomasks)
used in manufacturing semiconductor devices; for
measuring surface particulate contamination on
semiconductor devices............................................

No.............

Free5/

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

Other instruments, appliances and machines:

Electron beam microscopes fitted with equipment
specifically designed for the handling and transport of
semiconductor wafers or reticles...................................

Other.................................................................................
Equipment for testing the characteristics of internal
combustion engines:

For testing electrical characteristics................

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free5/

..................

Free12/

kg

kg
kg

Free5/

Free5/

40%

45%

50%

45%

50%

50%

50%

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
90-35

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9031 (con.)

9031.90
9031.90.21

00

9031.90.45

00

9031.90.54

00

Measuring or checking instruments, appliances and machines,
not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter; profile
projectors; parts and accessories thereof: (con.)

Parts and accessories:

Of profile projectors........................................................

kg..............

Free5/

Of other optical instruments and appliances, other than
test benches:

Bases and frames for the coordinate-measuring
machines of subheading 9031.49.40.....................

Of optical instruments and appliances of
subheading 9031.41 or 9031.49.70.......................

kg..............

Free3/

kg..............

Free5/

9031.90.59

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Other:

9031.90.70

00

Of articles of subheading 9031.80.40....................

kg..............

9031.90.91

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free5/

Free5/

Free13/

30

60

95

Of machines for balancing mechanical
parts....................................................................

Of test benches..................................................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

kg

9032

Automatic regulating or controlling instruments and apparatus;
parts and accessories thereof:

9032.10.00

Thermostats............................................................................

..................

1.7%5/

30

60
90
00

9032.20.00

For air conditioning, refrigeration or heating systems:
Designed for wall mounting6/...................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Manostats...............................................................................

No.
No.
No.............

Free5/

45%

50%

50%

50%

40%

40%

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
90-36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9032 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Automatic regulating or controlling instruments and apparatus;
parts and accessories thereof: (con.)
Other instruments and apparatus:

9032.81.00

Hydraulic and pneumatic................................................

..................

Free5/

35%

Industrial process control instruments and
apparatus:

Hydraulic.............................................................

No.

Pneumatic...........................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
No.

20

60
80

9032.89

Other:

9032.89.20

00

Automatic voltage and voltage-current regulators:
Designed for use in a 6, 12 or 24 V system.....

No.............

1.1%5/

9032.89.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

1.7%5/

9032.89.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

1.7%5/

25%

35%

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

15

25

30

40

50

60

70

75
85

Control instruments for air conditioning,
refrigeration or heating systems:

Complete systems......................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Process control instruments and apparatus:

Complete systems......................................

No.

Other:

Temperature control instruments.......

No.

Pressure and draft control
instruments...........................................

Flow and liquid level control
instruments...........................................

No.

No.

Humidity control instruments..............

No.

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................

kg
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9032 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Automatic regulating or controlling instruments and apparatus;
parts and accessories thereof: (con.)

XVIII
90-37

2

9032.90

Parts and accessories:

9032.90.21

00

Of automatic voltage and voltage-current regulators:
Designed for use in a 6, 12 or 24 V system...........

kg..............

1.1%5/

9032.90.41

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

1.7%5/

9032.90.61

Other.................................................................................

..................

1.7%5/

20

40

60

80

Of thermostats..........................................................

Of manostats.............................................................

Of instruments and apparatus of subheading
9032.81......................................................................

Other..........................................................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

25%

35%

40%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9033.00

9033.00.20

00

9033.00.30

00

Parts and accessories (not specified or included elsewhere in
this chapter) for machines, appliances, instruments or
apparatus of chapter 90:

Light-emitting diode (LED) backlights modules, the
foregoing which are lighting sources that consist of one or
more LEDs and one or more connectors and are mounted
on a printed circuit or other similar substrate, and other
passive components, whether or not combined with optical
components or protective diodes, and used as backlights
illumination for liquid crystal displays (LCDs).....................

Touch-sensitive data input devices (so-called “touch
screens”) without display capabilities, for incorporation
into apparatus having a display, which function by detecting
the presence and location of a touch within the display
area (such sensing may be obtained by means of
resistance, electrostatic capacity, acoustic pulse
recognition, infrared lights or other touch-sensitive
technology).............................................................................

9033.00.90

00

Other........................................................................................

kg..............

4.4%5/

No.............

Free5/

No.............

Free5/

40%

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
Endnotes--page 90 - 38
1/ See 9903.88.02.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See 9903.88.03.
4/ See 9903.90.08.
5/ See 9903.88.01.
6/ See 9903.88.69.
7/ See 9903.88.15, 9903.88.25, 9903.88.26, 9903.88.27 and 9903.88.28.
8/ See 9903.88.03 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
9/ See General Note 6.
10/ See 9903.88.03, 9903.88.21, 9903.88.22, 9903.88.23 and 9903.88.24.
11/ See 9903.91.03.
12/ See 9817.84.01 and 9903.88.01.
13/ See 9903.88.01 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 91

CLOCKS AND WATCHES AND PARTS THEREOF

XVIII
91-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Clock or watch glasses or weights (classified according to their constituent material);

(b) Watch chains (heading 7113 or 7117, as the case may be);

(c) Parts of general use defined in note 2 to section XV, of base metal (section XV), or similar goods of plastics (chapter 39) or
of precious metal or metal clad with precious metal (generally heading 7115); clock or watch springs are, however, to be
classified as clock or watch parts (heading 9114);

(d) Bearing balls (heading 7326 or 8482, as the case may be);

(e) Articles of heading 8412 constructed to work without an escapement;

(f) Ball bearings (heading 8482); or

(g) Articles of chapter 85, not yet assembled together or with other components into watch or clock movements or into articles

suitable for use solely or principally as parts of such movements (chapter 85).

2. Heading 9101 covers only watches with case wholly of precious metal or of metal clad with precious metal, or of the same

materials combined with natural or cultured pearls, or precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed) of
headings 7101 to 7104. Watches with case of base metal inlaid with precious metal fall in heading 9102.

3.

For the purposes of this chapter, the expression "watch movements" means devices regulated by a balance wheel and hairspring,
quartz crystal or any other system capable of determining intervals of time, with a display or a system to which a mechanical
display can be incorporated. Such watch movements shall not exceed 12 mm in thickness and 50 mm in width, length or diameter.

4. Except as provided in note 1, movements and other parts suitable for use both in clocks or watches and in other articles (for

example, precision instruments) are to be classified in this chapter.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of this chapter:

(a) The term "watches" embraces timepieces (including timepieces having special features, such as chronographs, calendar

watches and watches designed for use in skin diving) of a kind for wearing or carrying on the person whether or not the
movement contained therein conforms to the definition of "watch movements" in note 3, above. Timepieces incorporating a
stand, however simple, are not classifiable as watches.

(b) The term "cases" embraces inner and outer cases, containers and housings for movements, together with parts or pieces,

such as, but not limited to, rings, feet, posts, bases and outer frames, and any auxiliary or incidental features, which (with
appropriate movements) serve to complete the watches, clocks, time switches and other apparatus provided for in this
chapter.

(c) The term "jewels" includes substitutes for jewels.

(d) The term "clock movements" means devices regulated by a balance wheel and hairspring, quartz crystal or any other system
capable of determining intervals of time, with a display or a system to which a mechanical display can be incorporated. Such
clock movements shall either exceed 12 mm in thickness or 50 mm in width, length or diameter, or both.

(e) The term "complete watch or clock movements, unassembled or partly assembled (movement sets)" refers to sets which

consist of all parts necessary to assemble a watch or clock movement, except that for movements having mechanical displays
the set may or may not include the dial and hands.

(f) The term "incomplete watch or clock movements, assembled" refers to:

(I) Mechanical movements which are mounted but lack certain parts other than the dial, hands or winding spindle (e.g., the

escapement or the barrel bridge);

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-2
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(ii) Battery powered movements with mechanical displays which are mounted but lack certain parts other than the dial,

hands, setting spindle or battery (e.g., the motor); or

(iii) Other movements intended to operate with opto-electronic displays which are mounted but lack certain parts other than

the battery (e.g., the display).

(g) The term "rough watch or clock movements" refers to sets of unassembled parts for the assembly of watch or clock movements
of a kind constructed to work with an escapement. These sets do not include escapement, balance wheel and hairspring or
other regulating device, mainspring, dial or hands; they therefore consist mainly of the base plate (and any additional plates),
bridges, train, motion work, winding and setting mechanism and any additional mechanisms such as automatic winding
device, calendar mechanisms, chronograph, alarm, etc. These sets may be entered with or without a barrel. Each element,
intended for use as it is, may itself consist of one simple piece or of several parts fitted inseparably together, but such
elements may not themselves be assembled to each other.

2. Watch straps, watch bands and watch bracelets entered with wrist watches and of a kind normally sold therewith, whether or

not attached, are classified with the watch in heading 9101 or 9102. Otherwise, watch straps, watch bands and watch bracelets
shall be classified in heading 9113.

3. Batteries entered with battery powered watches or clocks, or with the complete, assembled movements thereof, and intended

for usetherewith, are classifiable under the provision for the watch, clock or movement. Similarly, batteries entered with a complete
watch or clock movement, unassembled or partly assembled (movement set) or with an incomplete watch or clock movement,
assembled, and intended for use therewith, are classifiable under the provision for such movement. Batteries are otherwise
classifiable in heading 8506 or 8507, whether or not suitable for use with watches or clocks.

4. Special Marking Requirements: With the following exceptions, any movement or case provided for in this chapter, whether

imported separately or attached to an article provided for in this chapter, shall not be permitted to be entered unless conspicuously
and indelibly marked by cutting, die-sinking, engraving, stamping (including by means of indelible ink), or mold-marking (either
indented or raised), as specified below. Movements with opto-electronic display only and cases designed for use therewith,
whether entered as separate articles or as components of assembled watches or clocks, are excepted from the marking
requirements set forth in this note. The special marking requirements are as follows:

(a) Watch movements shall be marked on one or more of the bridges or top plates to show:

(i)

the name of the country of manufacture;

(ii)

the name of the manufacturer or purchaser; and

(iii)

in words, the number of jewels, if any, serving a mechanical purpose as frictional bearings.

(b) Clock movements shall be marked on the most visible part of the front or back plate to show:

(i)

the name of the country of manufacture;

(ii)

the name of the manufacturer or purchaser; and

(iii)

the number of jewels, if any.

(c) Watch cases shall be marked on the inside or outside of the back to show:

(i)

the name of the country of manufacture; and

(ii)

the name of the manufacturer or purchaser.

(d) Clock cases provided for in this chapter shall be marked on the most visible part of the outside of the back to show the name

of the country of manufacture.

5. Products of Insular Possessions

(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (ij) of this note, any article provided for in this chapter which is the product of

the Virgin Islands, Guam and American Samoa (hereinafter referred to as the "insular possessions") and which contains
any foreign component shall be subject to duty:

(i) At the rates set forth in column 1, if the countries of origin of more than 50 percent in value of the foreign components

are countries to products of which column 1 rates apply; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-3

Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(ii) At the rates set forth in column 2, if the countries of origin of 50 percent or more in value of the foreign components are

countries to products of which column 2 rates apply.

(b) Watch movements and watches (including watch straps, watch bands, and watch bracelets assembled onto watches) that
are produced or manufactured in a United States insular possession which contain any foreign component may be admitted
free of duty without regard to the value of the foreign materials such watches contain if they conform with the provisions of
this note, but the total quantity of such articles entered free of duty shall not exceed the amounts established by or pursuant
to paragraph (d) of this note.

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (b) of this note, the provisions of this note and the benefits thereunder shall not
apply to any article containing any material which is the product of any country with respect to which column 2 rates of duty
apply.

(d) (i)

In calendar year 1983 the total quantity of such articles which may be entered free of duty shall not exceed 4,800,000
units.

(ii)

In subsequent calendar years, the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of the Interior (hereinafter referred to as
the "Secretaries"), acting jointly, shall establish a limit on the quantity which may be entered free of duty during the
calendar year, and shall consider whether such limit is in the best interest of the insular possessions and not inconsistent
with domestic or international trade policy considerations. The quantity the Secretaries establish in any calendar year
under this paragraph shall not--

(A) exceed 10,000,000 units or one-ninth of apparent domestic consumption (as determined by the International Trade

Commission pursuant to paragraph (e) of this note), whichever is greater;

(B) be decreased by more than 10 percent of the quantity established for the immediately preceding calendar year; and

(C) be increased to more than 7,000,000 units or by more than 20 percent of the quantity established for the immediately

preceding calendar year, whichever is greater.

(e) On or before April 1 of each calendar year (beginning with the first year in which watch imports from the United States insular
possessions exceed 9,000,000 units), the International Trade Commission shall determine the apparent United States
consumption of watches and watch movements during the preceding calendar year, shall report such determination to the
Secretaries, and shall publish such determination in the Federal Register .

(f)

(i)

In calendar year 1983, not more than 3,000,000 units of the total quantity of articles described in paragraph (d) which
may be entered free of duty shall be the product of the Virgin Islands, not more than 1,200,000 units shall be the product
of Guam, and not more than 600,000 units shall be the product of American Samoa.

(ii) For calendar year 1984 and thereafter, the Secretaries may establish new territorial shares of the total amount which

may be entered free of duty, taking into account the capacity of each territory to produce and ship its assigned amounts.
A territory's share in any year shall not be reduced:

(A) by more than 200,000 units in calendar year 1984 or 1985; and

(B) by more than 500,000 units in calendar year 1986 or thereafter, except that no territorial share shall be established

at less than 500,000 units.

(g) The Secretaries, acting jointly, shall allocate the calendar year duty exemptions provided by paragraphs (b), (d) and (f) of

this note on a fair and equitable basis among producers located in the insular possessions, and shall issue appropriate
licenses thereof. Allocations made by the Secretaries shall be final. In making the allocations, the Secretaries shall consider
the potential impact of territorial production on domestic production of like articles and shall establish allocation criteria
(including minimum assembly requirements) that will reasonably maximize the net amount of direct economic benefits to
the insular possessions.

(h) (i)

In the case of each of calendar years 2003 through 2015, the Secretaries jointly, shall—

(A) verify—

(1)

the wages paid by each producer to permanent residents of the insular possessions during the preceding
calendar year (including the value of usual and customary health insurance, life insurance, and pension benefits);
and

(2)

the total quantity and value of watches and watch movements produced in the insular possessions by that
producer and imported free of duty into the customs territory of the United States; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-4
Additional U.S. Notes (con.)

(B)

issue to each producer (not later than 60 days after the end of the preceding calendar year) a certificate for the
applicable amount.

(ii) For purposes of subparagraph (i), except as provided in subparagraphs (iii) and (iv), the term 'applicable amount' means

an amount equal to the sum of—

(A) 90 percent of the producer's creditable wages (including the value of usual and customary health insurance, life

insurance, and pension benefits) on the assembly during the preceding calendar year of the first 300,000 units; plus

(B)

(C)

the applicable graduated declining percentage (determined each year by the Secretaries) of the producer's creditable
wages (including the value of usual and customary health insurance, life insurance, and pension benefits) on the
assembly during the preceding calendar year of units in excess of 300,000 but not in excess of 750,000; plus

the difference between the duties that would have been due on each producer's watches and watch movements
(excluding digital watches and excluding units in excess of the 750,000 limitation of this subparagraph) imported
into the customs territory of the United States free of duty during the preceding calendar year if the watches and
watch movements had been subject to duty at the rates set forth in column 1 under this chapter that were in effect
on January 1, 2001, and the duties that would have been due on the watches and watch movements if the watches
and watch movements had been subject to duty at the rates set forth in column 1 under this chapter that were in
effect for such preceding calendar year.

(iii) The aggregate amount of all certificates which are issued during any calendar year shall not exceed an amount which

bears the same ratio to $5,000,000 as:

(A)

the gross national product of the United States (as determined by the Secretary of Commerce) for the preceding
calendar year, bears to:

(B)

the gross national product of the United States (as so determined) for 1982.

(iv) (A) Subject to the provision of clause (B), if the amount of the certificates issued under subparagraph (I) would exceed
the limit under subparagraph (iii), the applicable amount of each producer's certificate shall be reduced proportionately
by the amount of such excess.

(B) The applicable amount of any producer's certificate shall not be reduced below the amount determined under

subparagraph (ii)(A), except that if the application of this clause would result in the aggregate amount of the certificates
exceeding the limit under subparagraph (iii), the applicable amount of each producer's certificate shall again be
reduced proportionately by the amount of the excess determined after application of this clause.

(v) Any certificate issued under subparagraph (i) shall entitle the certificate holder to secure a refund of duties equal to the
face value of the certificate on any articles that are imported into the customs territory of the United States by the
certificate holder. Such refunds shall be made under regulations issued by the Treasury Department. Not more than 5
percent of such refunds may be retained as a reimbursement to the Customs Service for the administrative costs of
making the refunds.

(vi) Any certificate issued under subparagraph (I), or any portion thereof, shall be negotiable.

(vii) Any certificate issued under subparagraph (I) shall expire 1 year from the date of issuance and may be applied against

duties on imports of watches and watch movements the entry of which were made within 2 years prior to the date of
issuance of the certificate.

(viii) For purposes of determining the applicable amount of any producer's certificate to be issued during calendar year 1983,

the greater of:

(A)

the producer's creditable wages for calendar year 1982; or

(B) 60 percent of the producer's creditable wages for calendar year 1981 shall be considered the creditable wages for

calendar year 1982.

(ij) The Secretaries are authorized to issue such regulations, not inconsistent with the provisions of this note, as they determine
necessary to carry out their respective duties under this note. Such regulations shall include minimum assembly requirements.
Any duty-free entry determined not to have been made in accordance with applicable regulations shall be subject to the
applicable civil remedies and criminal sanctions, and, in addition, the Secretaries may cancel or restrict the license or
certificate of any manufacturer found in willful violation of the regulations.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-5

Statistical Notes

1.

The calculation of duties on various watches, clocks, watch movements and clock movements requires that these articles be
constructively separated into their component parts and each component separately valued. The individual components shall
be separately reported under the statistical suffixes show below. In each instance the sum of the values of the individual
components shall be equal to the total value of the article. In those instances where the components of an article are to be
separately reported under the following reporting scheme, the entry should include all the individually named components even
if not included in the shipment. In such instance the entered quantity and value would be zero. For example, entry of a battery
powered watch, imported without a battery, classifiable under subheading 9101.11.40 would include a line for the statistical
reporting number for the battery (9101.11.4040) with the quantity and value shown as zero. To determine the proper statistical
reporting number(s) for the subheadings enumerated below, the importer shall combine the applicable 8-digit subheading number
with the applicable statistical suffix found below.

(a) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9101.11.40, 9101.11.80, 9101.19.40, 9101.19.80, 9102.11.10, 9102.11.25, 9102.11.30,

9102.11.45, 9102.11.50, 9102.11.65, 9102.11.70, 9102.11.95, 9102.19.20, 9102.19.40, 9102.19.60 and 9102.19.80 shall
be:

Stat.
Suffix
10
20
30
40

Article Description

Movement  ...........................................
Case ....................................................
Strap, band or bracelet ........................
Battery .................................................

Unit of
Quantity
No.
No.
No.
No.

(b) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9102.91.20, 9104.00.05, 9104.00.10, 9104.00.25, 9104.00.30 and 9104.00.45 shall

be:

Stat.
Suffix
10

Article Description

Movement and case ............................

20

Battery .................................................

Unit of
Quantity
No. of
movements
No.

(c) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9101.21.50, 9101.29.90, 9101.99.20, 9101.99.40, 9101.99.60, 9101.99.80, 9102.29.04,

9102.99.20, 9102.99.40, 9102.99.60, 9102.99.80, 9104.00.60, 9105.29.10, 9105.29.20, 9105.99.20 and 9105.99.30 shall
be:

Stat.
Suffix
10
20

Article Description

Movement  ...........................................
Case ....................................................

Unit of
Quantity
No.
No.

(d) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9101.21.80, 9101.29.10, 9101.29.20, 9101.29.30, 9101.29.40, 9101.29.50, 9102.21.10,
9102.21.25, 9102.21.30, 9102.21.50, 9102.21.70, 9102.21.90, 9102.29.10, 9102.29.15, 9102.29.20, 9102.29.25, 9102.29.30,
9102.29.35, 9102.29.40, 9102.29.45, 9102.29.50, 9102.29.55 and 9102.29.60 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix
10
20
30

Article Description

Movement  ...........................................
Case ....................................................
Strap, band or bracelet ........................

Unit of
Quantity
No.
No.
No.

(e) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9101.91.40, 9101.91.80, 9102.91.40, 9102.91.80 and 9104.00.50 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix
10
20
30

Article Description

Movement  ...........................................
Case ....................................................
Battery .................................................

Unit of
Quantity
No.
No.
No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-6
Statistical Notes (con.)

(f) The statistical suffixes for subheading 9103.10.20 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix

10

20

30

40

Article Description

Travel clocks:

Movement and case. .................

Battery  ......................................

Other clocks:

Movement and case. .................

Battery  ......................................

Unit of
Quantity

No. of
movements
No.

No. of
movements
No.

(g) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9103.10.40 and 9103.10.80 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix

10
20
30

40
50
60

Article Description

Travel clocks:

Movement  .................................
Case ..........................................
Battery  ......................................

Other clocks:

Movement  .................................
Case ..........................................
Battery  ......................................

Unit of
Quantity

No.
No.
No.

No.
No.
No.

(h) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9103.90.00, 9105.19.10 and 9105.19.20 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix

10
20

30
40

Article Description

Travel clocks:

Movement  .................................
Case ..........................................

Other clocks:

Movement  .................................
Case ..........................................

(ij) The statistical suffixes for subheading 9105.11.40 shall be:

Unit of
Quantity

No.
No.

No.
No.

Unit of
Quantity

Stat.
Suffix
10

20

30

40

50

Article Description

Clocks capable of operating only on AC
power  ................................................

No.

Other:

Travel clocks:

Movement and case ........

Battery  ............................

Other clocks:

Movement and case ..................

Battery  ......................................

No. of
movements
No.

No. of
movements
No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-7

Statistical Notes (con.)

(k) The statistical suffixes for subheading 9105.11.80 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix

Article Description

Unit of
Quantity

Clocks capable of operating only on AC

power:

Movement  .................................
Case

Other:

Travel clocks:

Movement  .......................
Case  ...............................
Battery  ............................

Other clocks:

Movement  .......................
Case  ...............................
Battery  ............................

05
15

20
30
40

50
60
70

No.
No.

No.
No.
No.

No.
No.
No.

(l)

The statistical suffixes for subheading 9105.19.30 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix

10

20

30

40

Article Description

Travel clocks:

Movement..................................
Dutiable............................
Case ..........................................

Other clocks:

Movement..................................
Dutiable............................
Case ..........................................

(m) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9105.21.40 and 9105.91.40 shall be:

Unit of
Quantity

No.
Jwls.
No.

No.
Jwls.
No.

Unit of
Quantity

Stat.
Suffix
10

20

30

Article Description

Clocks capable of operating only on AC
power  ................................................

No.

Other clocks:

Movement and case ..................

Battery  ......................................

No. of
movements
No.

(n) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9105.21.80 and 9105.91.80 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix

10
20

30
40
50

Article Description

Unit of
Quantity

Clocks capable of operating only on AC

power

Movement  .................................
Case ..........................................

Other clocks:

Movement  .................................
Case ..........................................
Battery  ......................................

No.
No.

No.
No.
No.

(o) The statistical suffixes for subheading 9106.90.55 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix
10
20

Article Description

Apparatus ............................................
Battery .................................................

Unit of
Quantity
No.
No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-8
Statistical Notes (con.)

(p) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9105.29.30 and 9105.99.40 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix
10

20

Article Description

Movement............................................
Dutiable............................
Case ....................................................

Unit of
Quantity
No.
Jwls.
No.

(q) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9108.11.40, 9108.11.80, 9108.12.00, 9108.19.40 and 9108.19.80 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix
10
20

Article Description

Movement  ...........................................
Battery .................................................

Unit of
Quantity
No.
No.

(r) The statistical suffixes for subheadings 9109.10.10, 9109.10.20, 9109.10.30, 9109.10.40, 9109.10.50, 9109.10.60, 9109.10.70

and 9109.10.80 shall be:

Stat.
Suffix
10

Article Description

Clocks movements capable of operating
only on AC power ..............................

Other clock movements:

20
30

Movement  .................................
Battery  ......................................

Unit of
Quantity

No.

No.
No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
91-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9101

9101.11
9101.11.40

1/

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, with case of precious metal or of metal clad with
precious metal:

Wrist watches, electrically operated, whether or not
incorporating a stop watch facility:
With mechanical display only:

Having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement..................................................................

1/

9101.11.80

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

9101.19
9101.19.20

20

40
80
1/

9101.19.40

Other:

With opto-electronic display only............................
Straps, bands or bracelets entered with
watches of subheading 9101.19.20 and
classifiable therewith pursuant to additional
U.S. note 2 to this chapter; all the foregoing
whether or not attached to such watches at
the time of entry:

Of textile material or of base metal,
whether or not gold- or silver-plated.........

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

..................

Free2/

No.

No.
No.

Other, having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement..................................................................

1/

9101.19.80

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

51¢ each +

6.25% on the
case and strap,
band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

87¢ each +

6.25% on the
case and strap,
band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

$2.25 each +
45% on the
case +80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$3.25 each +
45% on the
case +80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

35%

41¢ each + 5%
on case and
strap, band or
bracelet + 4.2%
on the battery2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

61¢ each + 4.4%
on case and
strap, band or
bracelet + 3.7%
on the battery2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$2.25 each +
45% on the
case +80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$3.25 each +
45% on the
case +80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

XVIII
91-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9101 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, with case of precious metal or of metal clad with
precious metal: (con.)

Other wrist watches, whether or not incorporating a stop
watch facility:

9101.21

With automatic winding:

Having over 17 jewels in the movement:

Straps, bands or bracelets entered with
watches of subheading 9101.21.50 and
classifiable therewith pursuant to additional
U.S. note 2 to this chapter; all the foregoing
whether or not attached to such watches at
the time of entry:

Of textile material or of base metal,
whether or not gold- or silver-plated.........

No.............

3.1%2/

9101.21.10

00

9101.21.30

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

3.1%2/

9101.21.50

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

Free2/

9101.21.80

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

$1.61 each +
4.4% on the
case and strap,
band or
bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

80%

80%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$11.50 each +
45% on the
case

$5.75 each +
45% on the
case +80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9101 (con.)

9101.29
9101.29.10

1/

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, with case of precious metal or of metal clad with
precious metal: (con.)

Other wrist watches, whether or not incorporating a stop
watch facility: (con.)

Other:

Having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement..................................................................

1/

9101.29.20

1/

Having over 1 jewel but not over 7 jewels in the
movement..................................................................

1/

9101.29.30

1/

Having over 7 jewels but not over 17 jewels in the
movement:

With movement valued not over $15 each

With movement measuring not over 15.2
mm................................................................

1/

9101.29.40

1/

With movement measuring over 15.2
mm................................................................

1/

9101.29.50

1/

With movement valued over $15 each............

1/

XVIII
91-11

2

$2.25 each +
45% on the
case +80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$3.25 each +
45% on the
case +80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$4.75 each +
45% on the
case + 80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$4.75 each +
45% on the
case + 80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet
$4.75 each +
45% on the
case + 80%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

40¢ each + 5%

on the case and
strap, band or
bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

61¢ each + 4.4%
on the case and
strap, band or
bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$2.28 each + 5%
on the case and
strap, band or
bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.92 each + 5%
on the case and
strap, band or
bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

90¢ each + 4.4%
on the case and
strap, band or
bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
91-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9101 (con.)

9101.29
(con.)

9101.29.70

00

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, with case of precious metal or of metal clad with
precious metal: (con.)

Other wrist watches, whether or not incorporating a stop
watch facility: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Having over 17 jewels in the movement:

Straps, bands or bracelets entered with
watches of subheading 9101.29.90 and
classifiable therewith pursuant to additional
U.S. note 2 to this chapter; all the foregoing
whether or not attached to such watches at
the time of entry:

Of textile material or of base metal,
whether or not gold- or silver-plated.........

No.............

3.1%2/

9101.29.80

00

Other.............................................................

No.............

3.1%2/

9101.29.90

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

Free2/

Other:

Electrically operated:

With opto-electronic display only............................

No.............

Free2/

35%

9101.91
9101.91.20

00

9101.91.40

1/

Other:

Having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement...........................................................

1/

80%

80%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$11.50 each +
45% on the
case

Free

Free2/

Free2/

$2.25 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the battery

$3.25 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the battery

$2.25 each +
45% on the
case

98¢ each + 3%
on the case

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$4.75 each +
45% on the
case

9101.91.80

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

9101.99
9101.99.20

1/

Other:

Having no jewels or not over 7 jewels in the
movement..................................................................

1/

9101.99.40

1/

With movement valued not over $15 each......

1/

Having over 7 but not over 17 jewels in the
movement:

9101.99.60

1/

With movement valued over $15 each............

1/

9101.99.80

1/

Having over 17 jewels in the movement................

1/

Free2/

Free2/

$4.75 each +
45% on the
case

$11.50 each +
45% on the
case

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9102

9102.11

9102.11.10

1/

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, other than those of heading 9101:

Wrist watches, electrically operated, whether or not
incorporating a stop watch facility:
With mechanical display only:

Having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold- or
silver-plated

With gold- or silver-plated case.................

1/

9102.11.25

1/

Other.............................................................

1/

9102.11.30

1/

With gold- or silver-plated case.................

1/

Other:

9102.11.45

1/

Other.............................................................

1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

44¢ each + 6%
on the case +
14% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

40¢ each + 8.5%
on the case +
14% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

44¢ each + 6%
on the case +
2.8% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

40¢ each + 8.5%
on the case +
2.8% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

$1.90 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$1.70 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$1.90 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$1.70 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
91-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9102 (con.)

9102.11
(con.)

9102.11.50

1/

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, other than those of heading 9101: (con.)
Wrist watches, electrically operated, whether or not
incorporating a stop watch facility: (con.)
With mechanical display only: (con.)

Other:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold- or
silver-plated

With gold- or silver-plated case.................

1/

9102.11.65

1/

Other.............................................................

1/

9102.11.70

1/

With gold- or silver-plated case.................

1/

Other:

9102.11.95

1/

Other.............................................................

1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

80¢ each + 6%
on the case +
14% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

76¢ each + 8.5%
on the case +
14% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

80¢ each + 6%
on the case +
2.8% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

76¢ each + 8.5%
on the case +
2.8% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 5.3%
on the battery2/

$2.90 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$2.70 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$2.90 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$2.70 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

9102.12

With opto-electronic display only:

Straps, bands or bracelets entered with watches
of subheading 9102.12.80 and classifiable
therewith pursuant to additional U.S. note 2 to this
chapter; all the foregoing whether or not attached
to such watches at the time of entry:

Of textile material or of base metal, whether
or not gold- or silver-plated...............................

No.............

Free

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.............
No.............

Free
Free2/

9102.12.20

00

9102.12.40
9102.12.80

00
00

35%

35%
35%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9102 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-15

2

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, other than those of heading 9101: (con.)
Wrist watches, electrically operated, whether or not
incorporating a stop watch facility: (con.)

9102.19

Other:

9102.19.20

1/

Having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold-or
silver-plated........................................................

1/

9102.19.40

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

9102.19.60

1/

Other:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold-or
silver-plated........................................................

1/

9102.19.80

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

32¢ each + 4.8%
on the case +
11% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 4.2%
on the battery2/

32¢ each + 4.8%
on the case +
2.2% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 4.2%
on the battery2/

57¢ each + 4.5%
on the case +
10.6% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 4%
on the battery2/

57¢ each + 4.5%
on the case +
2.1% on the
strap, band or
bracelet + 4%
on the battery2/

$1.70 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$1.70 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$2.70 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

$2.70 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet +
35% on the
battery

XVIII
91-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9102 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, other than those of heading 9101: (con.)

Other wrist watches, whether or not incorporating a stop
watch facility:

9102.21

With automatic winding:

9102.21.10

1/

Having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold- or
silver-plated........................................................

1/

9102.21.25

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

9102.21.30

1/

Having over one jewel but not over 17 jewels in
the movement:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold- or
silver-plated........................................................

1/

9102.21.50

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

9102.21.70

1/

Having over 17 jewels in the movement:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold- or
silver-plated........................................................

1/

9102.21.90

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

75¢ each + 6%
on the case +
14% on the
strap, band or
bracelet2/

75¢ each + 6%
on the case +
2.8% on the
strap, band or
bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$2.70 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$2.70 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$1.75 each +
4.8% on the
case + 11.2%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet2/

$1.75 each +
4.8% on the
case + 2.2% on
the strap, band
or bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.53 each +
4.2% on the
case + 9.8% on
the strap, band
or bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.53 each +
4.2% on the
case + 2% on
the strap, band
or bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$5.20 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$5.20 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$10.95 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$10.95 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9102 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-17

2

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, other than those of heading 9101: (con.)

Other wrist watches, whether or not incorporating a stop
watch facility: (con.)

9102.29

Other:

9102.29.02

00

Having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold- or
silver-plated:

Straps, bands or bracelets entered with
watches of subheading 9102.29.04 and
classifiable therewith pursuant to
additional U.S. note 2 to this chapter; all
the foregoing whether or not attached to
such watches at the time of entry..............

No.............

14%2/

9102.29.04

1/

Other.............................................................

1/

9102.29.10

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

9102.29.15

1/

Having over one jewel but not over 7 jewels in the
movement:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold- or
silver-plated........................................................

1/

9102.29.20

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

110%

$1.70 each +
45% on the
case

$1.70 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

40¢ each + 6%
on the case2/

40¢ each + 6%
on the case +
2.8% on the
strap, band or
bracelet2/

58¢ each + 4.6%
on the case +
10.6% on the
strap, band or
bracelet

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

56¢ each + 4.4%
on the case +
2% on the
strap, band or
bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$2.70 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$2.70 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
91-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9102 (con.)

9102.29
(con.)

9102.29.25

1/

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, other than those of heading 9101: (con.)

Other wrist watches, whether or not incorporating a stop
watch facility: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Having over 7 but not over 17 jewels in the
movement:

With movement valued not over $15 each:

With movement measuring not over 15.2
mm:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile
material or of base metal, whether or
not gold- or silver- plated.....................

1/

9102.29.30

1/

Other......................................................

1/

9102.29.35

1/

With movement measuring over 15.2 mm:
With strap, band or bracelet of textile
material or of base metal, whether or
not gold- or silver- plated.....................

1/

9102.29.40

1/

Other......................................................

1/

9102.29.45

1/

With movement valued over $15 each:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile
material or of base metal, whether or not
gold- or silver-plated...................................

1/

9102.29.50

1/

Other.............................................................

1/

$2.19 each +
4.8% on the
case + 11.2%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet2/

$2.19 each +
4.8% on the
case + 2.2% on
the strap, band
or bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.61 each +
4.2% on the
case + 9.8% on
the strap, band
or bracelet2/

$1.83 each +
4.8% on the
case + 2.2% on
the strap, band
or bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

93¢ each + 4.8%
on the case +
11.2% on the
strap, band or
bracelet2/

93¢ each + 4.8%
on the case +
2.2% on the
strap, band or
bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$4.20 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$4.20 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$4.20 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$4.20 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$4.20 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$4.20 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-19

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9102 (con.)

9102.29
(con.)

9102.29.55

1/

Wrist watches, pocket watches and other watches, including
stop watches, other than those of heading 9101: (con.)

Other wrist watches, whether or not incorporating a stop
watch facility: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Having over 17 jewels in the movement:

With strap, band or bracelet of textile material
or of base metal, whether or not gold-or
silver-plated........................................................

1/

9102.29.60

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

9102.91
9102.91.20

1/

Other:

Electrically operated:

With opto-electronic display only............................

1/

9102.91.40

1/

Having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement...........................................................

1/

Other:

9102.91.80

1/

Other...................................................................

1/

9102.99
9102.99.20

1/

Other:

Having no jewels or not over 7 jewels in the
movement..................................................................

1/

9102.99.40

1/

With movement valued not over $15 each......

1/

Having over 7 but not over 17 jewels in the
movement:

9102.99.60

1/

With movement valued over $15 each............

1/

9102.99.80

1/

Having over 17 jewels in the movement................

1/

$1.55 each +
4.2% on the
case + 9.9% on
the strap, band
or bracelet2/

$1.75 each +
4.8% on the
case + 2.2% on
the strap, band
or bracelet2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$10.95 each +
45% on the
case + 110%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

$10.95 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the strap,
band or
bracelet

3.9% on the

movement and
case + 5.3% on
the battery2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

35%

40¢ each + 6%
on the case +
5.3% on the
battery2/

76¢ each + 6%
on the case +
5.3% on the
battery2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.70 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the battery

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$2.70 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on thebattery

20¢ each + 3%
on the case2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.70 each +
45% on the
case

92¢ each + 3%
on the case2/

$1.16 each + 6%
on the case2/

$2.19 each + 6%
on the case2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$4.20 each +
45% on the
case

$4.20 each +
45% on the
case

$10.95 each +
45% on the
case

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
91-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9103

9103.10
9103.10.20

1/

Clocks with watch movements, excluding clocks of heading
9104:

Electrically operated:

With opto-electronic display only...................................

1/

Other:

9103.10.40

1/

Having no jewels or only one jewel in the
movement..................................................................

1/

9103.10.80

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

9103.90.00

1/

Other........................................................................................

1/

2.6% on the

movement and
case + 3.6% on
the battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

24¢ each + 4.5%
on the case +
3.5% on the
battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.50 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the battery

48¢ each + 4.6%
on the case +
3.5% on the
battery2/
24¢ each + 4.6%
on the case2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$2.50 each +
45% on the
case + 35%
on the battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.50 each +
45% on the
case

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9104.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-21

2

Instrument panel clocks and clocks of a similar type for
vehicles, aircraft, spacecraft or vessels:

With clock movements measuring over 50 mm in width or
diameter:

Valued not over $10 each:

9104.00.05

1/

With opto-electronic display only............................

1/

9104.00.10

1/

Electric (including battery operated)................

1/

Other:

9104.00.20

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

9104.00.25

1/

With opto-electronic display only............................

1/

Valued over $10 each:

9104.00.30

1/

Electric (including battery operated)................

1/

Other:

9104.00.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

9104.00.45

1/

With opto-electronic display only...................................

1/

Other:

9104.00.50

1/

Electric (including battery operated)......................

1/

Other:

9104.00.60

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

2.6% on the

movement and
case + 3.5% on
the battery3/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

20¢ each + 4.3%

on the
movement and
case + 3.5% on
the battery3/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30¢ each +
6.4%3/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$3 each + 65%

on the
movement
and case +
35% on the
battery

$3 each + 65%

3.9% on the

movement and
case + 5.3% on
the battery3/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

30¢ each + 4.3%

on the
movement and
case + 3.5% on
the battery3/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30¢ each +
4.3%3/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +
65% on the
movement
and case +
35% on the
battery

$4.50 each +

65%

2.6% on the

movement and
case + 3.5% on
the battery3/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

20¢ each + 4.6%
on the case +
3.5% on the
battery3/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each +

45% on the
case + 35%
on the battery

19¢ each + 4.5%
on the case2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each +

45% on the
case

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
91-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9105

9105.11
9105.11.40

1/

Other clocks:

Alarm clocks:

Electrically operated:

With opto-electronic display only............................

1/

9105.11.80

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

9105.19

Other:

9105.19.10

1/

With movement measuring not over 50 mm in width
or diameter:

Not constructed or designed to operate for
over 47 hours without rewinding......................

1/

9105.19.20

1/

Constructed or designed to operate for over
47 hours without rewinding:

Having no jewels or only one jewel...........

1/

9105.19.30

1/

Having over one jewel................................

1/

3.9% on the

movement and
case + 5.3% on
the battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

30¢ each + 6.9%
on the case +
5.3% on the
battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each +

45% on the
case + 35%
on the battery

30¢ each + 6.9%
on the case2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each +

45% on the
case

60¢ each + 6.9%
on the case2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.75 each +
45% on the
case

43¢ each +

2.8¢/jewel over
7 + 3.7% on the
case2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$2.25 each +
15¢/jewel
over 7 + 60%
on the case

9105.19.40

00

Valued not over $5 each...................................

No.............

15¢ each + 6.4%

Other:

9105.19.50

00

Valued over $5 each..........................................

No.............

23¢ each +
3.2%2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.50 each +

65%

$4.50 each +

65%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-23

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9105 (con.)

9105.21
9105.21.40

1/

Other clocks: (con.)
Wall clocks:

Electrically operated:

With opto-electronic display only............................

1/

9105.21.80

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

9105.29

Other:

9105.29.10

1/

With movement measuring not over 50 mm in width
or diameter:

Not constructed or designed to operate for
over 47 hours without rewinding......................

1/

9105.29.20

1/

Constructed or designed to operate for over
47 hours without rewinding:

Having no jewels or only one jewel...........

1/

9105.29.30

1/

Having over one jewel................................

1/

3.9% on the

movement and
case+ 5.3% on
the battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

30¢ each + 6.9%
on the case +
5.3% on the
battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each +

45% on the
case + 35%
on the battery

20¢ each + 4.6%
on the case2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each +

45% on the
case

40¢ each + 4.6%
on the case2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.75 each +
45% on the
case

57¢ each +

3.7¢/jewel over
7 + 4.9% on the
case2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$2.25 each +
15¢/jewel
over 7 + 60%
on the case

9105.29.40

00

Valued not over $5 each...................................

No.............

15¢ each + 6.4%

Other:

9105.29.50

00

Valued over $5 each..........................................

No.............

30¢ each +
4.3%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.50 each +

65%

$4.50 each +

65%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

9105 (con.)

Other clocks: (con.)

9105.91
9105.91.40

1/

Other:

Electrically operated:

With opto-electronic display only............................

1/

9105.91.80

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

3.9% on the

movement and
case+ 5.3% on
the battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

30¢ each + 6.9%
on the case +
5.3% on the
battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each +

45% on the
case + 35%
on the battery

9105.99
9105.99.10

00

Other:

Standard marine chronometers having
spring-detent escapements.....................................

No.............
Jwls.

17¢ each + 2.5%
+ 1¢/jewel2/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +

65% +
25¢/jewel

9105.99.20

1/

Other, with movement measuring not over 50 mm
in width or diameter:

Not constructed or designed to operate for
over 47 hours without rewinding......................

1/

9105.99.30

1/

Constructed or designed to operate for over
47 hours without rewinding:

Having no jewels or only one jewel...........

1/

9105.99.40

1/

Having over one jewel................................

1/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

9105.99.50

00

Valued not over $5 each...................................

No.............

7.5¢ each + 3.2%

Other:

9105.99.60

00

Valued over $5 each..........................................

No.............

23¢ each +
3.2%2/

75¢ each +

45% on the
case

$1.75 each +
45% on the
case

$2.25 each +
15¢/jewel
over 7 + 60%
on the case

$1.50 each +

65%

$4.50 each +

65%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9106

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-25

2

Time of day recording apparatus and apparatus for measuring,
recording or otherwise indicating intervals of time, with clock
or watch movement or with synchronous motor (for example,
time registers, time-recorders):

9106.10.00

00

Time registers; time-recorders.............................................

No.............
Jwls.

36¢ each + 5.6%
+ 2¢/jewel3/

9106.90
9106.90.20

00

Other:

Parking meters................................................................

9106.90.40

00

Time locks valued over $10 each..................................

No.............
Jwls.

36¢ each + 5.6%
+ 2¢/jewel3/

No.............
Jwls.

36¢ each + 5.6%
+ 2¢/jewel3/

Other:

Apparatus for measuring, recording, or otherwise
indicating intervals of time, with clock or watch
movements, battery powered:

9106.90.55

1/

With opto-electronic display only.....................

1/

3.9% on the

apparatus +
5.3% on the
battery3/

9106.90.65

00

Other...................................................................

No.............
Jwls.

15¢ each + 2.3%
+ 0.8¢/jewel3/

9106.90.75

00

Other:

Apparatus for measuring, recording or
otherwise indicating intervals of time, with
clock or watch movements, AC powered and
with opto-electronic display only......................

No.............

3.9%3/

9106.90.85

00

Other...................................................................

No.............
Jwls.

15¢ each + 2.3%
+ 0.8¢/jewel3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +

65% +
25¢/jewel

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +

65% +
25¢/jewel

$4.50 each +

65% +
25¢/jewel

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +

65%

$4.50 each +

65% +
25¢/jewel

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +

65%

$4.50 each +

65% +
25¢/jewel

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9107.00

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Time switches with clock or watch movement or with
synchronous motor:

9107.00.40

Valued not over $5 each........................................................

..................

15¢ each + 4% +
2.5¢/jewel3/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.50 each +

65% +
25¢/jewel

40

Time switches that operate on a fixed-time cycle, of a
type used in household type refrigerators and
combined refrigerator-freezers, to alternately control
the operations of the compressor and the defrost unit
(defrost timers)................................................................

80

Other.................................................................................

9107.00.80

00

Valued over $5 each..............................................................

No.
Jwls.

No.
Jwls.
No.............
Jwls.

9108

Watch movements, complete and assembled:

Electrically operated:

9108.11

With mechanical display only or with a device to which
a mechanical display can be incorporated:

9108.11.40

1/

Having no jewels or only one jewel.........................

1/

9108.11.80

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

9108.12.00

1/

With opto-electronic display only...................................

1/

9108.19
9108.19.40

1/

Other:

Having no jewels or only one jewel.........................

1/

9108.19.80

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

45¢ each + 6.4%
+ 2.5¢/jewel3/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$4.50 each +

65% +
25¢/jewel

36¢ each + 5.3%
on the battery2/

72¢ each + 5.3%
on the battery2/

3.1% on the

movement +
4.2% on the
battery

28¢ each + 4.2%
on the battery2/

53¢ each + 3.9%
on the battery2/

$1.50 each +
35% on the
battery

$2.50 each +
35% on the
battery

35%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

$1.50 each +
35% on the
battery

$2.50 each +
35% on the
battery

9108.20
9108.20.40

00

With automatic winding:

Having over 17 jewels.....................................................

No.............

9108.20.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

$10.75 each

$5.00 each

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-27

2

Watch movements, complete and assembled: (con.)

Other:

Having no jewels or only one jewel:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9108 (con.)
9108.90

9108.90.10

00

Measuring 33.8 mm or less.....................................

No.............

29¢ each2/

9108.90.20

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

25¢ each2/

9108.90.30

00

Measuring 33.8 mm or less.....................................

No.............

57¢ each2/

Having over one jewel but not over 7 jewels:

9108.90.40

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

25¢ each2/

Having over 7 jewels but not over 17 jewels:

Measuring 33.8 mm or less

Valued not over $15 each

9108.90.50

00

Measuring not over 15.2 mm.....................

No.............

$2.16 each2/

9108.90.60

00

Measuring over 15.2 mm...........................

No.............

$1.80 each2/

9108.90.70

00

Valued over $15 each.......................................

No.............

90¢ each2/

9108.90.80

00

Valued not over $15 each.................................

No.............

$1.44 each

Other:

9108.90.85

00

Valued over $15 each.......................................

No.............

Free2/

Having over 17 jewels:

9108.90.90

00

Measuring 33.8 mm or less.....................................

No.............

$1.50 each2/

9108.90.95

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

$1.72 each2/

$1.50 each

$1.50 each

$2.50 each

$1.50 each

$4 each

$4 each

$4 each

$4 each

$4 each

$10.75 each

$10.75 each

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)
Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9109
9109.10

Article Description

Clock movements, complete and assembled:

Electrically operated:
Of alarm clocks:

9109.10.10

1/

With opto-electronic display only............................

1/

9109.10.20

1/

Measuring not over 50 mm in width or
diameter..............................................................

1/

Other:

9109.10.30

1/

Valued not over $5 each............................

1/

Other:

9109.10.40

1/

Valued over $5 each...................................

1/

9109.10.50

1/

With opto-electronic display only............................

1/

Other:

9109.10.60

1/

Measuring not over 50 mm in width or
diameter..............................................................

1/

Other:

9109.10.70

1/

Valued not over $5 each............................

1/

Other:

9109.10.80

1/

Valued over $5 each...................................

1/

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

3.9% on the

movement +
5.3% on the
battery

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

30¢ each + 5.3%
on the battery2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each +

35% on the
battery

7.5¢ each + 3.2%

on the
movement +
2.6% on the
battery

22¢ each + 3.2%

on the
movement +
2.6% on the
battery2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.50 each +
65% on the
movement +
35% on the
battery

$4.50 each +
65% on the
movement +
35% on the
battery

3.9% on the

movement +
5.3% on the
battery2/

35%

Free (A+, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20¢ each + 3.5%
on the battery

Free (A+, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each +

35% on the
battery

12¢ each + 5.1%

on the
movement +
4.2% on the
battery

30¢ each + 4.3%

on the
movement +
3.5% on the
battery2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.50 each +
65% on the
movement +
35% on the
battery

$4.50 each +
65% on the
movement +
35% on the
battery

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-29

2

9109 (con.)
9109.90
9109.90.20

Clock movements, complete and assembled: (con.)

Other:

00

Measuring not over 50 mm in width or diameter.........

No.............

20¢ each2/

9109.90.40

00

Valued not over $5 each..........................................

No.............

15¢ each + 6.4%

Other:

9109.90.60

00

Valued over $5 each................................................

No.............

30¢ each +
4.3%2/

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

75¢ each

$1.50 each +

65%

$4.50 each +

65%

XVIII
91-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9110

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Complete watch or clock movements, unassembled or partly
assembled (movement sets); incomplete watch or clock
movements, assembled; rough watch or clock movements:

Of watches:

9110.11.00

00

Complete movements, unassembled or partly
assembled (movement sets)..........................................

No.............

The rate

9110.12.00

00

Incomplete movements, assembled.............................

No.............

9110.19.00

00

Rough movements..........................................................

No.............

applicable to
the complete,
assembled
movement4/

9%2/

9%2/

9110.90
9110.90.20

00

Other:

Complete movements, unassembled or partly
assembled (movement sets)..........................................

No.............

The rate

applicable to
the complete,
assembled
movement4/

Other:

9110.90.40

00

Consisting of two or more pieces or parts fastened
or joined together......................................................

No.............

4.3% +

1.7¢/jewel +
0.2¢ for each
other piece or
part, but if
consisting in
part of a plate
or a set of
plates the total
duty shall not
exceed the duty
for the complete
movement2/

9110.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.2%2/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
the complete,
assembled

45%

45%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
the complete,
assembled
movement

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

65% +

25¢/jewel +
3¢ for each
other piece or
part, but if
consisting in
part of a
plate or a set
of plates the
total duty
shall not
exceed the
duty for the
complete
movement

65%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9111
9111.10.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XVIII
91-31

2

Watch cases and parts thereof:

Cases of precious metal or of metal clad with precious
metal........................................................................................

No.............

12¢ each +
4.8%2/

9111.20
9111.20.20

00

Cases of base metal, whether or not gold- or silver-plated:
Gold- or silver-plated......................................................

No.............

7¢ each + 5.4%2/

9111.20.40

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

9111.80.00

00

Other cases............................................................................

No.............

3.6¢ each +
7.6%2/

3.6¢ each +
7.6%2/

9111.90
9111.90.40

00

Parts:

Of precious metal or of metal clad with precious
metal.................................................................................

No.............

6.4%2/

9111.90.50

00

Bezels, backs and centers......................................

No.............

Other:

1.6¢ each +
6.8%2/

9111.90.70

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

6.4%2/

9112

9112.20
9112.20.40

00

Clock cases and cases of a similar type for other goods of this
chapter, and parts thereof:

Cases:

Cases of metal.................................................................

No.............

3.5%2/

9112.20.80

00

Other cases......................................................................

No.............

5.5%2/

9112.90.00

00

Parts........................................................................................

kg..............

5.5%2/

75¢ each +

45%

40¢ each +

45%

20¢ each +

45%

20¢ each +

45%

75¢ each +

45%

10¢ each +

45%

45%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

45%

45%

45%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
91-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9113

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Watch straps, watch bands and watch bracelets, and parts
thereof:

9113.10.00

00

Of precious metal or of metal clad with precious metal......

doz............

4.5%2/

9113.20

Of base metal, whether or not gold- or silver-plated:

Straps, bands and bracelets:

9113.20.20

00

Valued not over $5 per dozen.................................

doz............

11.2%

9113.20.40

00

Valued over $5 per dozen........................................

doz............

11.2%

Parts:

9113.20.60

00

Of watch bracelets, valued not over $12 per
dozen.........................................................................

kg..............

8.8%2/

9113.20.90

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

8.8%2/

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

110%

110%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

110%

110%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

9113.90
9113.90.40

00

Other:

Of textile material............................................................

doz............

7.2%

Free (A+, AU, BH,

78.5%

9113.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

doz............

1.8%2/

CL, CO, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, R, S, SG)

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

9114
9114.30
9114.30.40

Other clock or watch parts:

Dials:

00

Not exceeding 50 mm in width.......................................

No.............

0.4¢ each +
7.2%2/

9114.30.80

00

Exceeding 50 mm in width.............................................

No.............

4.4%2/

9114.40
9114.40.20

00

Plates and bridges:

Watch movement bottom or pillar plates or their
equivalent.........................................................................

No.............

12¢ each2/

9114.40.40

00

Any plate, or set of plates, suitable for assembling
thereon a clock movement.............................................

No.............

10¢ each2/

9114.40.60

00

For watches...............................................................

No.............

7.3%2/

Other:

9114.40.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.2%2/

XVIII
91-33

2

5¢ each + 45%

50%

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

75¢ each

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

38¢ each

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

65%

65%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other clock or watch parts: (con.)

Other:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
91-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9114 (con.)
9114.90
9114.90.10

00

Jewels...............................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Assemblies and subassemblies for watch or clock
movements consisting of two or more pieces or parts
fastened or joined inseparably together:

9114.90.15

00

For watch movements..............................................

kg..............

7.2%2/

9114.90.30

00

For clock movements...............................................

kg..............

6% + 2.3¢/jewel
+ 0.2¢ for each
other piece or
part, but if
consisting in
part of a plate
or a set of
plates the total
duty shall not
exceed the duty
for the complete
movement

9114.90.34

00

For watches...............................................................

No.............

7.3%2/

Springs, including hairsprings:

9114.90.38

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.2%2/

9114.90.40

00

For watches...............................................................

kg..............

8.8%2/

Other:

9114.90.50

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

4.2%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10%

45%

65% +

25¢/jewel +
3¢ for each
other piece or
part, but if
consisting in
part of a
plate or a set
of plates the
total duty
shall not
exceed the
duty for the
complete
movement

65%

65%

65%

65%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, R, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
Endnotes--page 91 - 35

1/ See statistical note 1 to this chapter.
2/ See 9903.88.15.
3/ See 9903.88.03.
4/ See 9903.88.15, 9903.88.25, 9903.88.26, 9903.88.27 and 9903.88.28.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 92

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS; PARTS AND ACCESSORIES OF SUCH ARTICLES

XVIII
92-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Parts of general use, as defined in note 2 to section XV, of base metal (section XV), or similar goods of plastics (chapter

39);

(b) Microphones, amplifiers, loudspeakers, headphones, switches, stroboscopes or other accessory instruments, apparatus or
equipment of chapter 85 or 90, for use with but not incorporated in or housed in the same cabinet as instruments of this
chapter;

(c) Toy instruments or apparatus (heading 9503);

(d) Brushes for cleaning musical instruments (heading 9603), or monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles (heading 9620);

or

(e) Collectors' pieces or antiques (heading 9705 or 9706).

2. Bows and sticks and similar devices used in playing the musical instruments of heading 9202 or 9206 entered with such instruments
in numbers normal thereto and clearly intended for use therewith, are to be classified in the same heading as the relative
instruments.

Cards, discs and rolls of heading 9209 entered with an instrument are to be treated as separate articles and not as forming a
part of such instrument.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

For statistical reporting purposes under subheading 9201.10, the height of an upright piano case is determined by measuring
from the floor to the top of the back of the case.

For statistical reporting purposes under subheading 9201.20, the length of a grand piano case is determined by measuring
perpendicularly from the front edge of the cabinet in front of the keys to the farthest point at the center of the grand rim tail.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
92-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9201

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Pianos, including player pianos; harpsichords and other
keyboard stringed instruments:

9201.10.00

Upright pianos........................................................................

..................

4.7%1/

9201.20.00

05

11

21

31

41

05

11

21

31

41

51

9201.90.00

00

Used..................................................................................

No.

Other:

Containing a case measuring less than 111.76 cm
in height.....................................................................

Containing a case measuring 111.76 cm or more
but less than 121.92 cm in height...........................

Containing a case measuring 121.92 cm or more
but less than 129.54 cm in height...........................

No.

No.

No.

Containing a case measuring 129.54 cm or more
in height.....................................................................
Grand pianos..........................................................................

No.
..................

4.7%1/

Used..................................................................................

No.

Other:

Containing a case measuring less than 152.40 cm
in length.....................................................................

Containing a case measuring 152.40 cm or more
but less than 167.64 cm in length...........................

Containing a case measuring 167.64 cm or more
but less than 180.34 cm in length...........................

Containing a case measuring 180.34 cm or more
but less than 195.58 cm in length...........................

No.

No.

No.

No.

Containing a case measuring 195.58 cm or more
in length.....................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
No.............

3.5%1/

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
92-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9202

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other string musical instruments (for example, guitars, violins,
harps):

9202.10.00

00

Played with a bow..................................................................

No.............

3.2%

9202.90

9202.90.20

00

Other:

Guitars:

Valued not over $100 each, excluding the value of
the case.....................................................................

No.............

4.5%1/

9202.90.40

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

8.7%1/

9202.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

4.6%

37.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
92-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9205

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Wind musical instruments (for example, keyboard pipe organs,
accordions, clarinets, trumpets, bagpipes), other than
fairground organs and mechanical street organs:

9205.10.00

Brass-wind instruments.........................................................

..................

2.9%1/

40

80

Valued not over $10 each...............................................

Valued over $10 each.....................................................

No.

No.

9205.90

Other:

Keyboard pipe organs; harmoniums and similar
keyboard instruments with free metal reeds:

9205.90.12

00

Keyboard pipe organs..............................................

No.............

9205.90.14

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Accordions and similar instruments; mouth organs:

Accordions and similar instruments:

9205.90.15

00

9205.90.18

00

Piano accordions...............................................

No.............

Other...................................................................

No.............

9205.90.19

00

Mouth organs............................................................

doz............

Woodwind instruments:

9205.90.20

00

Bagpipes....................................................................

No.............

9205.90.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

2.7%1/

Free1/

2.6%1/

Free1/

Free1/

4.9%1/

20

40

60

80
00

9205.90.60

9206.00

Clarinets..............................................................

No.

Saxophones........................................................

No.

Flutes and piccolos (except bamboo).............

No.

Other...................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

Free1/

Percussion musical instruments (for example, drums,
xylophones, cymbals, castanets, maracas):

9206.00.20

00

Drums......................................................................................

No.............

4.8%1/

9206.00.40

00

Cymbals..................................................................................

No.............

9206.00.60

00

Sets of tuned bells known as chimes, peals or carillons....

No.............

9206.00.80

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

5.3%1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

35%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

50%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
92-5

Musical instruments, the sound of which is produced, or must
be amplified, electrically (for example, organs, guitars,
accordions):

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9207

9207.10.00

Keyboard instruments, other than accordions....................

..................

5.4%1/

05

10

45

55

60

65

75

40

80

9207.90.00

9208

Music synthesizers:

Valued under $100 each..........................................

No.

Valued $100 or over each.......................................

No.

Other:

With more than one keyboard:

Valued under $200 each...................................

No.

Valued $200 or over each.................................

No.

With one keyboard:

Hand-held...........................................................

No.

Other:

Valued under $100 each............................

No.

Valued $100 or over each..........................
Other........................................................................................

No.
..................

5%1/

Fretted stringed instruments..........................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

Music boxes, fairground organs, mechanical street organs,
mechanical singing birds, musical saws and other musical
instruments not falling within any other heading of this chapter;
decoy calls of all kinds; whistles, call horns and other
mouth-blown sound signaling instruments:

9208.10.00

00

Music boxes............................................................................

No.............

3.2%

9208.90.00

Other........................................................................................

..................

5.3%1/

40

80

Musical instruments........................................................

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.7% (JP)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XVIII
92-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9209

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts (for example, mechanisms for music boxes) and
accessories (for example, cards, discs and rolls for mechanical
instruments) of musical instruments; metronomes, tuning forks
and pitch pipes of all kinds:

9209.30.00

00

Musical instrument strings....................................................

No.............

Free1/

40%

9209.91
9209.91.40

00

Other:

Parts and accessories for pianos:

Tuning pins................................................................

thousands.

9209.91.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

4.2%1/

$1/1,000 pins

+ 35%

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9209.92

9209.92.20

00

Parts and accessories for the musical instruments of
heading 9202:

Mutes, collapsible musical instrument stands and
music holders for attachment to musical
instruments................................................................

No.............

3.9%

9209.92.40

00

Tuning pins................................................................

thousands.

10¢/1,000 pins +
3.5%1/

9209.92.60

00

Bows, parts of bows, bow hair, chin rests and other
parts and accessories for string instruments played
with a bow..................................................................

No.............

Free1/

9209.92.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

4.6%1/

9209.94

Parts and accessories for the musical instruments of
heading 9207:

9209.94.40

00

Collapsible musical instrument stands...................

No.............

5.7%

9209.94.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

2.7%1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

$1/1,000 pins

+ 35%

40%

40%

45%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XVIII
92-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9209 (con.)

9209.99
9209.99.05

00

9209.99.10

00

Parts (for example, mechanisms for music boxes) and
accessories (for example, cards, discs and rolls for mechanical
instruments) of musical instruments; metronomes, tuning forks
and pitch pipes of all kinds: (con.)

Other: (con.)
Other:

Metronomes, tuning forks and pitch pipes............

No.............
kg

Free1/

Mutes for musical instruments; pedals, dampers
and spurs for drums; pedals and holders for
cymbals; lyres and other music holders for
attachment to musical instruments; and collapsible
stands for holding music or for holding musical
instruments................................................................

No.............

5.7%1/

No.............
kg

Free1/

9209.99.16

00

For pipe organs of subheading 9205.90.12.....

Other:

9209.99.18

00

For instruments of subheading 9205.90.14.....

No.............

2.7%1/

9209.99.20

00

For bagpipes......................................................

No.............
kg

Free1/

9209.99.40

40

80

For other woodwind and brass wind musical
instruments.........................................................
For woodwind musical instruments...........

Other.............................................................

9209.99.61

00

For music boxes.................................................

..................
No.
kg

No.
kg
No.............
kg

9209.99.80

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

5.3%1/

40%

45%

35%

40%

40%

40%

40%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XVIII
Endnotes--page 92 - 8
1/ See 9903.88.15.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XIX

ARMS AND AMMUNITION; PARTS AND ACCESSORIES THEREOF

XIX - 1

XIX-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 93

ARMS AND AMMUNITION; PARTS AND ACCESSORIES THEREOF

XIX
93-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Goods of chapter 36 (for example, percussion caps, detonators, signaling flares);

(b) Parts of general use, as defined in note 2 to section XV, of base metal (section XV), or similar goods of plastics (chapter

39);

(c) Armored fighting vehicles (heading 8710);

(d) Telescopic sights or other optical devices suitable for use with arms, unless mounted on a firearm or entered with the firearm

on which they are designed to be mounted (chapter 90);

(e) Bows, arrows, fencing foils or toys (chapter 95); or

(f) Collectors' pieces or antiques (heading 9705 or 9706).

2.

In heading 9306, the reference to "parts thereof" does not include radio or radar apparatus of heading 8526.

Statistical Note

1.

The calculation of duties, under subheadings 9301.90.30, 9303.30.40 and 9303.30.80, for rifles imported either with telescopic
sights mounted on them or with telescopic sights designed to be mounted on them, requires that these articles be constructively
separated into their component parts and each component separately valued. The individual components shall be separately
reported under the appropriate statistical suffixes. In each instance, the sum of the values of the individual components shall be
equal to the total value of the article.

XIX
93-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9301

9301.10.00

9301.20.00

9301.90
9301.90.30

9301.90.60

9301.90.90

9302.00.00

10

80
00

10

20
00

30

90

20

40

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Military weapons, other than revolvers, pistols and the arms
of heading 9307:

Artillery weapons (for example, guns, howitzers and
mortars)...................................................................................
Self propelled...................................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other.................................................................................

No.

Rocket launchers; flame-throwers; grenade launchers;
torpedo tubes and similar projectors...................................

N o .............

Free1/

Other:

Rifles.................................................................................

..................

4.7% on the

value of the rifle
+ 20% on the
value of the
telescopic sight,
if any1/

Telescopic sights imported with rifles....................

No.2/

Rifles..........................................................................
Shotguns..........................................................................

No.2/
No.............

2.6%1/

Other.................................................................................
Machine guns............................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Other..........................................................................

No.

Revolvers and pistols, other than those of heading 9303 or
9304...............................................................................................

..................

14¢ each + 3%1/

Revolvers................................................................................

Semiautomatic pistols...........................................................

Other........................................................................................

No.

No.

No.

27.5%

27.5%

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

$3.50 each +

55%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9303

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIX
93-3

Other firearms and similar devices which operate by the firing
of an explosive charge (for example, sporting shot- guns and
rifles, muzzle-loading firearms, Very pistols and other devices
designed to project only signal flares, pistols and revolvers for
firing blank ammunition, captive-bolt humane killers,
line-throwing guns):

9303.10.00

00

Muzzle-loading firearms........................................................

No.............

Free1/

9303.20.00

Other sporting, hunting or target-shooting shotguns,
including combination shotgun-rifles...................................

..................

2.6%1/

Free

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Shotguns:

Autoloading...............................................................

No.

Pump action..............................................................

No.

Over and under.........................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Combination shotgun-rifles............................................

No.
No.

Other sporting, hunting or target-shooting rifles:

Valued over $25 but not over $50 each........................

..................

3.8% on the

value of the rifle
+ 10% on the
value of the
telescopic sight,
if any1/

Telescopic sights imported with rifles....................

Rifles:

Centerfire............................................................

No.2/

No.2/

Rimfire.................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.2/
..................

65%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.1% on the

value of the rifle
+ 13% on the
value of the
telescopic sight,
if any1/

Telescopic sights imported with rifles....................

No.2/

Rifles:

Centerfire:

Autoloading..................................................

Bolt action:

Single shot............................................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
Rimfire.................................................................

No.2/

No.2/

No.2/
No.2/
No.2/

Other:

Pistols and revolvers designed to fire only blank
cartridges or blank ammunition.....................................

No.............

4.2%1/

105%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20

30

40

65
80

10

20

30

05

10

12

17
25
30

00

9303.30
9303.30.40

9303.30.80

9303.90
9303.90.40

9303.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

27.5%

XIX
93-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9304.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Other arms (for example, spring, air or gas guns and pistols,
truncheons), excluding those of heading 9307:

Pistols, rifles and other guns which eject missiles by
release of compressed air or gas, or by the release of a
spring mechanism or rubber held under tension:

9304.00.20

00

Rifles.................................................................................

No.............

3.9%1/

9304.00.40
9304.00.60

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................

No.............
No.............

Free1/
5.7%1/

9305
9305.10
9305.10.20

Parts and accessories of articles of headings 9301 to 9304:

Of revolvers or pistols:

Of heading 9302..............................................................

..................

4.2%1/

10

80

Frames and receivers..............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

kg

Other:

9305.10.40

00

Of revolvers or pistols designed to fire only blank
cartridges or blank ammunition...............................

kg..............

4.2%1/

9305.10.60

00

Of muzzle-loading revolvers and pistols................

kg..............

9305.10.80
9305.20
9305.20.05

00

00

Other..........................................................................

kg..............

Of shotguns or rifles of heading 9303:

Rifle stocks.......................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

3.5%1/

9305.20.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

04

08
20

31

33
60

Shotgun barrels:

Of muzzle-loading shotguns.............................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other parts of muzzle-loading shotguns or rifles...

No.
kg

Other:

Of shotguns, including shotgun-rifle
combinations:

Stocks..........................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Of rifles................................................................

kg
kg

70%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

27.5%3/
45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

105%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

105%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free

27.5%

69.5%

73.5%3/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XIX
93-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9305 (con.)

9305.91
9305.91.10

00

9305.91.30

9305.99
9305.99.40

9305.99.50

9305.99.60

10

30

00

10

50
00

Parts and accessories of articles of headings 9301 to 9304:
(con.)

Other:

Of military weapons of heading 9301:

Of rifles......................................................................

kg..............

9305.91.20

00

Of shotguns...............................................................

kg..............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
Of artillery weapons of 9301.10.......................

..................
kg

Other...................................................................

kg

Other:

Of articles of heading 9303 other than shotguns
or rifles.......................................................................

kg..............

Free

Of articles of subheading 9304.00.20 or
9304.00.40................................................................

..................

3.9%1/

Parts and accessories of paintball markers.....

kg

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

kg
kg..............

2.9%1/

55%

55%

27.5%

27.5%

70%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XIX
93-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9306

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Bombs, grenades, torpedoes, mines, missiles and similar
munitions of war and parts thereof; cartridges and other
ammunition and projectiles and parts thereof, including shot
and cartridgewads:

Shotgun cartridges and parts thereof; air gun pellets:

9306.21.00

00

Cartridges.........................................................................

No.............

9306.29.00
9306.30
9306.30.41

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

Other cartridges and parts thereof:

Cartridges and empty cartridge shells..........................

..................

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

10

20
30
38

40

50
60
00

20

41

50
60

80

Cartridges containing a projectile:

For rifles or pistols

.22 caliber....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.

Cartridges for riveting or similar tools or for
captive-bolt humane killers and parts thereof.......

thousands

Empty cartridge shells:

For rifles or pistols.............................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Guided missiles...............................................................

No.
No.
kg..............
..................
No.

Free1/
Free1/

Bombs, grenades, torpedoes, mines and similar
munitions of war; other ammunition and projectiles:

Paintballs...................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Parts for guided missiles................................................

kg
kg

Parts for bombs, grenades, torpedoes, mines and
similar munitions of war; parts of other ammunition and
projectiles.........................................................................

kg

9306.30.80
9306.90.00

9307.00.00

00

Swords, cutlasses, bayonets, lances and similar arms and
parts thereof and scabbards and sheaths therefor...................

kg..............

2.7%1/

30%3/

45%

30%3/

45%
45%

50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XIX
Endnotes--page 93 - 7

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See statistical note 1 to this chapter.
3/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XX

MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURED ARTICLES

XX-1

XX-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 94

FURNITURE; BEDDING, MATTRESSES, MATTRESS SUPPORTS, CUSHIONS AND SIMILAR STUFFED FURNISHINGS;
LUMINAIRES AND LIGHTING FITTINGS, NOT ELSEWHERE SPECIFIED OR INCLUDED;
ILLUMINATED SIGNS, ILLUMINATED NAMEPLATES AND THE LIKE;
PREFABRICATED BUILDINGS

XX
94-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Pneumatic or water mattresses, pillows or cushions, of chapter 39, 40 or 63;

(b) Mirrors designed for placing on the floor or ground (for example, cheval-glasses (swing-mirrors)) of heading 7009;

(c) Articles of chapter 71;

(d) Parts of general use as defined in note 2 to section XV, of base metal (section XV), or similar goods of plastics (chapter 39),

or safes of heading 8303;

(e) Furniture specially designed as parts of refrigerating or freezing equipment of heading 8418; furniture specially designed for

sewing machines (heading 8452);

(f)

Lamps or light sources and parts thereof of chapter 85;

(g) Furniture specially designed as parts of apparatus of heading 8518 (heading 8518), of heading 8519 or 8521 (heading 8522)

or of headings 8525 to 8528 (heading 8529);

(h) Articles of heading 8714;

(ij) Dentists' chairs incorporating dental appliances of heading 9018 or dentists' spittoons (heading 9018);

(k) Articles of chapter 91 (for example, clocks and clock cases);

(l)

Toy furniture or toy luminaires and lighting fittings (heading 9503), billiard tables or other furniture specially constructed for
games (heading 9504), furniture for conjuring tricks or decorations (other than lighting strings) such as Chinese lanterns
(heading 9505); or

(m) Monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles (heading 9620).

2.

The articles (other than parts) referred to in headings 9401 to 9403 are to be classified in those headings only if they are designed
for placing on the floor or ground.

The following are, however, to be classified in the above-mentioned headings even if they are designed to be hung, to be fixed
to the wall or to stand one on the other:

(a) Cupboards, bookcases, other shelved furniture (including single shelves presented with supports for fixing them to the wall)

and unit furniture;

(b) Seats and beds.

3.

(a)

In headings 9401 to 9403 references to parts of goods do not include references to sheets or slabs (whether or not cut to
shape but not combined with other parts) of glass (including mirrors), marble or other stone or of any other material referred
to in chapter 68 or 69.

(b) Goods described in heading 9404, entered separately, are not to be classified in heading 9401, 9402 or 9403 as parts of

goods.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
94-2
Notes (con.)

4.

For the purposes of heading 9406, the expression "prefabricated buildings" means buildings which are finished in the factory or
put up as elements, entered together, to be assembled on site, such as housing or worksite accommodation, offices, schools,
shops, sheds, garages or similar buildings.

Prefabricated buildings include “modular building units” of steel, normally presented in the size and shape of a standard shipping
container, but substantially or completely pre-fitted internally. Such modular building units are normally designed to be assembled
together to form permanent buildings.

Additional U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of subheading 9401.20.00, "seats of a kind used for motor vehicles" does not include child safety seats.

Statistical Notes

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

In heading 9401, stationary activity centers do not have castors or wheels.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 9401.99.9030, mechanically collapsible sofa bed seat deck components are
characterized by an articulating array of metal torsion hinges and struts that square-fold to transition from flat to erect and vice
versa and are attached permanently to a controller frame consisting of a metal bar that acts as a bi-directional transit controller.

For the purposes of statistical reporting in this chapter, the term “plantation-harvested” means wood harvested from trees grown
on a plantation. A plantation is an area of land where trees are established through deliberate planting and/or seeding and are
generally harvested at maturity.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 9403.20.0075, the term "boltless or press-fit steel shelving units prepackaged
for sale" refers to steel shelving in which the steel vertical and horizontal supports lock together to form the frame for the shelving
unit and are assembled primarily without the use of nuts and bolts or screws. Boltless steel shelving includes rivet shelving,
welded frame shelving, slot and tab shelving, and punched rivet (quasi-rivet) shelving but does not include wall-mounted shelving
or wire shelving units in which a wire deck and wire horizontal supports are integrated into a single piece.

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 9403.20.0078, "metal exchange lockers" are lockers with individual locking doors
mounted on one master locking door to access multiple units used by commercial businesses, hospitals, police departments,
condominiums, apartments, hotels, automobile dealerships, etc.

For the purposes of statistical reporting numbers 9404.90.1030, 9404.90.1060, 9404.90.2030 and 9404.90.2060, "bed pillows"
are pillows used on a bed to support the head and neck while sleeping.

For purposes of heading 9406, the unit of quantity, m2, refers to the floor area of the building when assembled.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
94-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9401

9401.10
9401.10.40

9401.10.80
9401.20.00

00

00
00

Seats (other than those of heading 9402), whether or not
convertible into beds, and parts thereof:
Seats of a kind used for aircraft:

Leather upholstered........................................................

No.............

Other.................................................................................
Seats of a kind used for motor vehicles...............................

No.............
No.............

9401.31.00

00

Of wood............................................................................

No.............

Swivel seats with variable height adjustment:

9401.39.00

10

30

Other.................................................................................
Household.................................................................

..................
No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Seats other than garden seats or camping equipment,
convertible into beds:

9401.41.00

00

Of wood............................................................................

No.............

9401.49.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

9401.52.00

00

Of bamboo ......................................................................

No.............

Seats of cane, osier, bamboo or similar materials:

9401.53.00

00

Of rattan...........................................................................

No.............

9401.59.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/
Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

45%

45%
25%3/

45%

45%

40%

40%

60%

60%

60%

XX
94-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9401 (con.)

9401.61

9401.61.20

9401.61.40

9401.61.60

9401.69
9401.69.20

9401.69.40

9401.69.60

9401.69.80

11

15

31

35

01

11

31

01

05

11

31

10

30

11

15

31

35

01

11

31

01

05

11

66

68
90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Seats (other than those of heading 9402), whether or not
convertible into beds, and parts thereof: (con.)

Other seats, with wooden frames:

Upholstered:
Chairs:

Of teak.................................................................

..................

Free2/

Household:

Of plantation-harvested teak .............

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Other:

Of plantation-harvested teak .............

No.

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................
Chairs for children, including highchairs...

No.
..................
No.

Free4/

Other household..........................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................
Stationary activity centers for children............

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Other seats for children.....................................

No.

Other household5/..............................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Bent-wood seats.......................................................
Household...........................................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Chairs:

Of teak..........................................................

..................

Free2/

Household:

Of plantation-harvested teak........

No.

Other...............................................

No.

Other:

Of plantation-harvested teak........

No.

Other...............................................
Other.............................................................

No.
..................

Free6/

Chairs for children including
highchairs..............................................

No.

Other household...................................

No.

Other......................................................
Other...................................................................
Stationary activity centers for children......

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Other seats for children..............................

No.

Other household..........................................

No.

Other:

Of teak (Tectona spp.):

Of plantation-harvested teak........

No.

Other...............................................
Other......................................................

No.
No.

40%

40%

40%

42.5%

40%

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
94-5

45%

45%

Seats (other than those of heading 9402), whether or not
convertible into beds, and parts thereof: (con.)

Other seats, with metal frames:

Upholstered......................................................................
Highchairs and booster seats.................................

..................
No.

Free6/

Infant walkers............................................................

No.

Bouncers with seats.................................................

No.

Swings for children...................................................

No.

Stationary activity centers for children...................

No.

Other household.......................................................

No.

Other5/........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Highchairs and booster seats.................................

No.
..................
No.

Free4/

Infant walkers............................................................

No.

Bouncers with seats.................................................

No.

Swings for children...................................................

No.

Stationary activity centers for children...................

No.

Other:

Outdoor:

With textile covered cushions or textile
seating or backing material:

Household.............................................

No.

Other......................................................

No.

Other:

Household.............................................

No.

Other5/....................................................

No.

Other:

Household....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9401 (con.)

9401.71.00

9401.79.00

01

05

06

07

08

11

31

01

02

03

04

06

11

15

25

35

46

50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
94-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9401 (con.)

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Seats (other than those of heading 9402), whether or not
convertible into beds, and parts thereof: (con.)

9401.80

Other seats:

Of rubber or plastics:

9401.80.20

9401.80.40

9401.80.60

01

05

11

31

01

04

06

15

26

35
46

21

23
24

25

28

30

Of reinforced or laminated plastics.........................
Childrenʼs highchairs and booster seats except
for motor vehicle; bath seats, infant walkers,
bouncers with seats, swings for children........

..................

Free4/

65%

No.

Stationary activity centers for children............

No.

Other household................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Childrenʼs highchairs and booster seats except
for motor vehicle; bath seats, infant walkers,
bouncers with seats, swings for children........

No.
..................

Free4/

No.

Stationary activity centers for children............

No.

Other:

Outdoor:

With textile covered cushions or textile
seating or backing material:

Household......................................

No.

Other...............................................

No.

Other:

Household......................................

No.

Other...............................................
Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.
..................

Free4/

Child safety seats:

With detachable hard-shell seat.......................

No.

Other...................................................................
Stationary activity centers for children...................

No.
No.

Other seats for children...........................................

No.

Other household.......................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

25%

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
94-7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9401 (con.)

9401.91
9401.91.15

00

9401.91.20

00

9401.91.90

9401.99
9401.99.10

9401.99.25

9401.99.35

9401.99.90

10

90

10

20

85

40

80

10

80

05

21

30

40

85

Seats (other than those of heading 9402), whether or not
convertible into beds, and parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Of wood:

Of seats of a kind used for motor vehicles5/..........

No.............

Free1/

Of bent wood seats..................................................

No.............

Free1/

Other..........................................................................
For children’s highchairs, booster seats, and
similar seats........................................................

Other5/.................................................................

..................

Free2/

No.

No.

Other:

Of seats of a kind used for motor vehicles............
Of leather, cut to shape.....................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Of textile material, cut to shape........................

No.

Other5/.................................................................
Of cane, osier, bamboo or similar materials..........
Of rattan..............................................................

Other...................................................................
Of rubber or plastics.................................................
For children’s highchairs, booster seats except
for motor vehicle and similar seats..................

No.
..................
No.

No.
..................

Free1/

Free2/

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

Free7/

For children’s highchairs, booster seats and
similar seats........................................................

No.

Other of textile material, cut to shape..............

No.

Mechanically collapsible sofa bed seat deck
components, covered or uncovered as
described in statistical note 2 to this
chapter................................................................

No.

Of seats of a kind used for aircraft...................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

9402

Medical, surgical, dental or veterinary furniture (for example,
operating tables, examination tables, hospital beds with
mechanical fittings, dentists' chairs); barbers' chairs and similar
chairs, having rotating as well as both reclining and elevating
movements; parts of the foregoing articles:

9402.10.00

00

Dentists', barbers' or similar chairs and parts thereof.......

No.............

Free

9402.90.00

10

20

Other........................................................................................
Hospital beds...................................................................

..................
No.

Free

Other.................................................................................

No.

25%3/

42.5%

40%

25%3/

60%

25%

45%

35%

40%

XX
94-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9403
9403.10.00

9403.20.00

20

40

11

16

17

35

40

46

48

50

75

78

82

86
90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other furniture and parts thereof:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Metal furniture of a kind used in offices...............................
Filing cabinets..................................................................

..................
No.

Free7/

Other.................................................................................
Other metal furniture..............................................................

No.
..................

Free8/

Household:

Floor-standing, metal-top ironing boards...............

No.

Other:

Cribs....................................................................

No.

Toddler beds, bassinets, cradles, play yards
and other enclosures for confining children.....

No.

45%

45%

Mechanically adjustable bed or mattress base,
not foldable, having the characteristics of a
bed or bed frame, of a width exceeding 91.44
cm, of a length exceeding 184.15 cm, and of
a depth exceeding 8.89 cm..............................

Mattress bases with legs, not foldable, having
the characteristics of a stationary (not
mechanically adjustable) bed frame, of a width
exceeding 91.44 cm, of a length exceeding
184.15 cm and of a depth exceeding 8.89
cm........................................................................

Foldable mattress foundations with legs,
having the characteristics of a bed or bed
frame, whether or not mechanically adjustable:
Mechanically adjustable.............................

Stationary (not mechanically
adjustable)...................................................
Other...................................................................

Other:

Counters, lockers, racks, display cases, shelves,
partitions and similar fixtures:

Boltless or press-fit steel shelving units
prepackaged for sale as described in statistical
note 4 to this chapter.........................................

Storage lockers, other than exchange lockers
as described in statistical note 5 to this
chapter................................................................

Steel racks, other than those described in
statistical reporting number 9403.20.0075......

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.
No.

No.

No.

No.

No.
No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other furniture and parts thereof: (con.)

Wooden furniture of a kind used in offices:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
94-9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9403 (con.)
9403.30
9403.30.40

9403.30.80

9403.40
9403.40.40

00

01

05

21

31

90

00

Bent-wood furniture.........................................................

No.............

Free2/

Other.................................................................................
Of Padauk (Padouk) or Narra (Pterocarpus
spp.)...........................................................................

Of Rosewood, Palissander, Cocobolo, Bois de
Rose, Kingwood, Tulipwood or Blackwood
(Dalbergia spp.)........................................................

..................

Free2/

No.

No.

Of teak (Tectona spp.).............................................

No.

Of Wenge (Millettia spp.).........................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Wooden furniture of a kind used in the kitchen:

Bent-wood furniture.........................................................

No.............

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Other:

9403.40.60

00

Designed for motor vehicle use...............................

No.............

9403.40.90

9403.50
9403.50.40

40

60

80

00

Other..........................................................................
Dining tables.......................................................

..................
No.

Cabinets designed for permanent
installation...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Wooden furniture of a kind used in the bedroom:

Bent-wood furniture.........................................................

No.............

Other:

9403.50.60

00

Designed for motor vehicle use...............................

No.............

9403.50.90

Other..........................................................................

..................

9403.60
9403.60.40

9403.60.80

Beds:

Cribs.............................................................

No.

Toddler beds, bassinets, and cradles......

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.

Other wooden furniture:

Bent-wood furniture.........................................................

No.............

Free2/

Other.................................................................................
Play yards and other enclosures for confining
children......................................................................

..................

Free2/

No.

Dining tables.............................................................

No.

Other:

Of teak (Tectona spp.)......................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

41

42

45
80

00

10

40

89

93

42.5%

40%

42.5%

25%

40%

42.5%

25%3/

40%

42.5%

40%

XX
94-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9403 (con.)
9403.70
9403.70.40

01

02

03

15

20

31

01

02

03

15

20

31

01

02

15

30

01

02

15

30

10

20

03

15

20

9403.70.80

9403.82.00

9403.83.00

9403.89
9403.89.30

9403.89.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Other furniture and parts thereof: (con.)

Furniture of plastics:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Of reinforced or laminated plastics...............................
Cribs...........................................................................

..................
No.

Free4/

Toddler beds, bassinets and cradles.....................

No.

Play yards and other enclosures for confining
children......................................................................

No.

Other household.......................................................

No.

Office..........................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................
Cribs...........................................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free4/

Toddler beds, bassinets and cradles.....................

No.

Play yards and other enclosures for confining
children......................................................................

No.

Other household.......................................................

No.

Office..........................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Furniture of other materials, including cane, osier, bamboo
or similar materials:

No.

Of bamboo.......................................................................
Cribs...........................................................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Toddler beds, bassinets, and cradles; play yards
and other enclosures for confining children...........

No.

Other household.......................................................

No.

Other .........................................................................
Of rattan...........................................................................
Cribs...........................................................................

No.
..................
No.

Free2/

Toddler beds, bassinets, and cradles; play yards
and other enclosures for confining children...........

No.

Other household.......................................................

No.

Other .........................................................................

No.

Other:

Of cane, osier or similar materials..........................
Household...........................................................

..................
No.

Free2/

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

Free2/

Cribs, toddler beds, bassinets, and cradles;
play yards and other enclosures for confining
children...............................................................

No.

Other household................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

65%

25%3/

60%

60%

60%

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

9403 (con.)

Other furniture and parts thereof: (con.)

Parts:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
94-11

2

40%3/

25%3/

60%

65%

25%3/

80%

45%

9403.91.00

9403.99
9403.99.10

9403.99.20

9403.99.30

9403.99.40

9403.99.50

9403.99.90

05

10

80

40

50

85

40

80

05

10

80

05

10

80

05

10

80

10

15

20

40

45
51

61

Of wood............................................................................
For toddler beds, cribs, bassinets and cradles......

..................
No.

Free2/

For play yards and other enclosures for confining
children......................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Of furniture of a kind used for motor vehicles.......
Of metal..............................................................

..................
kg

Free7/

Of textile material, cut to shape........................

Other...................................................................

kg

kg

Other:

Of cane, osier, bamboo or similar materials....
Of rattan.......................................................

..................
kg

Free2/

Other.............................................................

kg

Of rubber or plastics:

Of reinforced or laminated plastics...........
For toddler beds, cribs, bassinets and
cradles...................................................

For play yards and other enclosures
for confining children............................

Other......................................................
Other.............................................................
For toddler beds, cribs, bassinets and
cradles...................................................

For play yards and other enclosures
for confining children............................

Other......................................................
Of textile material, except cotton......................
For toddler beds, cribs, bassinets and
cradles5/........................................................

For play yards and other enclosures for
confining children........................................

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................
For toddler beds, cribs, bassinets and
cradles..........................................................

For play yards and other enclosures for
confining children........................................

..................

Free2/

No.

No.

No.
..................

Free2/

No.

No.

No.
..................

Free2/

No.

No.

No.
..................

Free7/

No.

No.

Other:

Of metal:

Welded wire rack, whether or not
galvanized, plated or coated........

kg

Parts for steel racks of statistical
reporting number
9403.20.0082.................................

Other...............................................
Of cotton, cut to shape........................

Other......................................................

kg

kg
kg

kg
No.

XX
94-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9404

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Mattress supports; articles of bedding and similar furnishing
(for example, mattresses, quilts, eiderdowns, cushions, pouffes
and pillows) fitted with springs or stuffed or internally fitted with
any material or of cellular rubber or plastics, whether or not
covered:

9404.10.00

00

Mattress supports..................................................................

No.............

Free2/

Mattresses:

9404.21.00

Of cellular rubber or plastics, whether or not
covered.............................................................................

..................

3%2/

45%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

13

95

05

13

95

05

13

50

85

87

95

00

9404.29
9404.29.10

9404.29.90

9404.30
9404.30.40

For use in a crib or toddler bed...............................

No.

Of a width exceeding 91 cm, of a length exceeding
184 cm, and a depth exceeding 8 cm....................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Of other materials:

Of cotton....................................................................

..................

3%2/

For use in a crib or toddler bed........................

No.

Of a width exceeding 91 cm, of a length
exceeding 184 cm, and a depth exceeding 8
cm........................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

6%2/

Uncovered innerspring units:

For use in a crib or toddler bed..................

No.

Of a width exceeding 91 cm, of a length
exceeding 184 cm, and of a depth
exceeding 8 cm...........................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Other:

For use in a crib or toddler bed..................

No.

Of a width exceeding 91 cm, of a length
exceeding 184 cm, and a depth exceeding
8 cm..............................................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

Sleeping bags:

Containing 20 percent or more by weight of feathers
and/or down.....................................................................

No.............

4.7%

60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9404.30.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

9%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

78.5%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9404 (con.)

9404.40
9404.40.10

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
94-13

2

Mattress supports; articles of bedding and similar furnishing
(for example, mattresses, quilts, eiderdowns, cushions, pouffes
and pillows) fitted with springs or stuffed or internally fitted with
any material or of cellular rubber or plastics, whether or not
covered: (con.)

Quilts, bedspreads, eiderdowns and duvets (comforters):
Of cotton, not containing any embroidery, lace, braid,
edging, trimming, piping exceeding 6.35 mm or
applique work (362)........................................................

No.............
kg

4.4%

25%3/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

9404.40.90

Other.................................................................................

..................

12.8%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

22

23

36

With outer shell of cotton (362)...............................

With outer shell of man-made fibers (666)............

With outer shell of other textile materials:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight of
silk or silk waste.................................................

Other (899).........................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
94-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9404 (con.)

9404.90

9404.90.10

Mattress supports; articles of bedding and similar furnishing
(for example, mattresses, quilts, eiderdowns, cushions, pouffes
and pillows) fitted with springs or stuffed or internally fitted with
any material or of cellular rubber or plastics, whether or not
covered: (con.)
Other:

Pillows, cushions and similar furnishings:

Of cotton (369)..........................................................

..................

5.3%1/

40%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Bed pillows (with outer covering of cotton), of
a kind described in statistical note 6 to this
chapter:

Foam fill (369).............................................

Other fill (369)5/............................................

Other (369)5/.......................................................

30

60

90

9404.90.20

Other..........................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg
..................

6%1/

30

60
90

9404.90.81

00

Bed pillows, of a kind described in statistical
note 6 to this chapter:

Foam fill........................................................

No.

Other fill........................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
No.

Other:

Of cotton, not containing any embroidery, lace,
braid, edging, trimming, piping exceeding 6.35 mm
or applique work (369).............................................

No.............
kg

4.4%

25%3/

Free (AU, BH, CL,

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

9404.90.96

Other..........................................................................

..................

7.3%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

90%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

05

22

23

36

70

With outer shell of cotton (369)........................

With outer shell of man-made fibers (666)......

With outer shell of other textile materials:

Containing 85 percent or more by weight
of silk or silk waste......................................

Other (899)..................................................

Other...................................................................

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg

No.
kg
No.
kg

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
94-15

2

Luminaires and lighting fittings including searchlights and
spotlights and parts thereof, not elsewhere specified or
included; illuminated signs, illuminated nameplates and the
like, having a permanently fixed light source, and parts thereof
not elsewhere specified or included:

Chandeliers and other electric ceiling or wall lighting
fittings, excluding those of a kind used for lighting public
open spaces or thoroughfares:

Designed for use solely with light-emitting diode (LED)
light sources:

Of base metal:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9405

9405.11

9405.11.40

Of brass..............................................................

..................

3.9%2/

9405.11.60

9405.11.80

10

20

10

20

10

20

Household....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
..................

7.6%2/

Household....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

3.9%2/

Household...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

9405.19

Other:

Of base metal

9405.19.40

Of brass..............................................................

..................

3.9%2/

9405.19.60

9405.19.80

10

20

10

20

10

20

Household....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
..................

7.6%2/

Household....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

3.9%2/

Household...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XX
94-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9405 (con.)

9405.21

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Luminaires and lighting fittings including searchlights and
spotlights and parts thereof, not elsewhere specified or
included; illuminated signs, illuminated nameplates and the
like, having a permanently fixed light source, and parts thereof
not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Electric table, desk, bedside or floor-standing luminaires:
Designed for use solely with light-emitting diode (LED)
light sources:

Of base metal:

9405.21.40

Of brass..............................................................

..................

3.7%2/

9405.21.60

9405.21.80

10

20

10

20

10

20

Household....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
..................

6%2/

Household....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

3.9%2/

Household...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

9405.29

Other:

Of base metal:

9405.29.40

Of brass..............................................................

..................

3.7%2/

9405.29.60

9405.29.80

10

20

10

20

10

20

Household....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other...................................................................

No.
..................

6%2/

Household....................................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

3.9%2/

Household...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
94-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9405 (con.)

9405.31.00

9405.39.00

9405.41

10

40

10

40

Luminaires and lighting fittings including searchlights and
spotlights and parts thereof, not elsewhere specified or
included; illuminated signs, illuminated nameplates and the
like, having a permanently fixed light source, and parts thereof
not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Lighting strings of a kind used for Christmas trees:

Designed for use solely with light-emitting diode (LED)
light sources.....................................................................

..................

8%2/

Miniature series wired sets......................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
..................

8%2/

Miniature series wired sets......................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other electric luminaires and lighting fittings:

Photovoltaic, designed for use solely with light- emitting
diode (LED) light sources:

Of base metal:

9405.41.40

00

Of brass..............................................................

No.............

4.7%2/

9405.41.60

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

6%2/

9405.41.82

00

Other:

Light-emitting diode (LED) backlights modules,
the foregoing which are lighting sources that
consist of one or more LEDs and one or more
connectors and are mounted on a printed
circuit or other similar substrate, and other
passive components, whether or not combined
with optical components or protective diodes,
and used as backlights illumination for liquid
crystal displays(LCDs)......................................

No.............

Free2/

9405.41.84

Other...................................................................

..................

3.9%2/

10

40

Other lighting sets.......................................

No.

Other.............................................................

No.

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XX
94-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9405 (con.)

9405.42

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Luminaires and lighting fittings including searchlights and
spotlights and parts thereof, not elsewhere specified or
included; illuminated signs, illuminated nameplates and the
like, having a permanently fixed light source, and parts thereof
not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Other electric luminaires and lighting fittings: (con.)

Other, designed for use solely with light-emitting diode
(LED) light sources:

Of base metal:

9405.42.40

00

Of brass..............................................................

No.............

4.7%2/

9405.42.60

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

6%2/

9405.42.82

00

Other:

Light-emitting diode (LED) backlights modules,
the foregoing which are lighting sources that
consist of one or more LEDs and one or more
connectors and are mounted on a printed
circuit or other similar substrate, and other
passive components, whether or not combined
with optical components or protective diodes,
and used as backlights illumination for liquid
crystal displays(LCDs)......................................

No.............

Free2/

9405.42.84

Other...................................................................

..................

3.9%2/

10

40
00

9405.49.00

9405.50
9405.50.20

00

Other lighting sets.......................................

No.

Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................

No.
No.............

3.9%2/

Non-electrical luminaires and lighting fittings:

Incandescent luminaires designed to be operated by
propane or other gas, or by compressed air and
kerosene or gasoline.......................................................

No.............

2.9%2/

9405.50.30

00

Of brass.....................................................................

No.............

5.7%2/

Other:

9405.50.40

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

6%2/

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
94-19

2

Luminaires and lighting fittings including searchlights and
spotlights and parts thereof, not elsewhere specified or
included; illuminated signs, illuminated nameplates and the
like, having a permanently fixed light source, and parts thereof
not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

Illuminated signs, illuminated name-plates and the like:

Designed for use solely with light-emitting diode (LED)
light sources:

Of base metal:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9405 (con.)

9405.61

9405.61.20

00

Of brass..............................................................

No.............

5.7%2/

9405.61.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

6%2/

9405.61.60

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

5.3%2/

9405.69

Other:

Of base metal:

9405.69.20

00

Of brass..............................................................

No.............

5.7%2/

9405.69.40

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

6%2/

9405.69.60

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

5.3%2/

45%

45%

80%

45%

45%

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XX
94-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9405 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Luminaires and lighting fittings including searchlights and
spotlights and parts thereof, not elsewhere specified or
included; illuminated signs, illuminated nameplates and the
like, having a permanently fixed light source, and parts thereof
not elsewhere specified or included: (con.)

9405.91

Parts:

Of glass:

Globes and shades:

9405.91.10

00

Of lead crystal....................................................

No.............

12%2/

9405.91.30

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

12%2/

9405.91.40

00

Chimneys...................................................................

doz............

7.5%2/

9405.91.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.5%2/

40

80
00

9405.92.00

9405.99
9405.99.20

00

Prisms and other glass articles of a kind used
in chandeliers and wall brackets, and articles
thereof.................................................................

kg

Other...................................................................
Of plastics........................................................................

kg
kg..............

3.7%2/

Other:

Of brass.....................................................................

kg..............

3.9%9/

9405.99.40

Other..........................................................................

..................

6%8/

10

20

90

Lampposts and bases for lampposts, of cast
iron.......................................................................

Lampposts and bases for lampposts, of
aluminum............................................................

Other...................................................................

No.

No.

kg
No.

70%

70%

60%

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, C,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
94-21

2

9406
9406.10.00

Prefabricated buildings:

00

Of wood...................................................................................

9406.20.00

00

Modular building units, of steel.............................................

No.............
kg

2.6%2/

No.............
m2

2.9%9/

9406.90.01

Other........................................................................................

..................

2.9%9/

33 1/3%3/

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Of metal:

Greenhouses:

Commercial........................................................

Other...................................................................

Other..........................................................................

Other:

Animal sheds of plastic............................................

No.
m2

No.
m2
No.
m2

No.
kg

Other..........................................................................

No.

10

20

30

50

90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
Endnotes--page 94 - 22
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.88.03.
3/ See 9903.90.08.
4/ See 9903.88.04 and its associated definitional note (U.S. note 20(g) in subchapter III of chapter 99).
5/ See 9903.88.69.
6/ See 9903.88.04 and its associated definitional note (U.S. note 20(g) in subchapter III of chapter 99) and 9903.88.15 and its associated
definitional note (U.S. note 20(s)(ii) in subchapter III of chapter 99).
7/ See 9903.88.03 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
8/ See 9903.88.03; U.S. note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
9/ See 9903.88.03 and U.S. note 16 to subchapter III, chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

TOYS, GAMES AND SPORTS EQUIPMENT; PARTS AND ACCESSORIES THEREOF

CHAPTER 95

XX
95-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Candles (heading 3406);

(b) Fireworks or other pyrotechnic articles of heading 3604;

(c) Yarns, monofilament, cords or gut or the like for fishing, cut to length but not made up into fishing lines, of chapter 39, heading

4206 or section XI;

(d) Sports bags or other containers of heading 4202, 4303 or 4304;

(e) Fancy dress of textiles, of chapter 61 or 62; sports clothing and special articles of apparel of textiles, of chapter 61 or 62,

whether or not incorporating incidentally protective components such as pads or padding in the elbow, knee or groin areas
(for example, fencing clothing or soccer goalkeeper jerseys);

(f) Textile flags or bunting, or sails for boats, sailboards or land craft, of chapter 63;

(g) Sports footwear (other than skating boots with ice or roller skates attached) of chapter 64, or sports headgear of chapter 65;

(h) Walking-sticks, whips, riding-crops or the like (heading 6602), or parts thereof (heading 6603);

(ij) Unmounted glass eyes for dolls or other toys, of heading 7018;

(k) Parts of general use, as defined in note 2 to section XV, of base metal (section XV), or similar goods of plastics (chapter

39);

(l) Bells, gongs or the like of heading 8306;

(m) Pumps for liquids (heading 8413), filtering or purifying machinery and apparatus for liquids or gases (heading 8421), electric
motors (heading 8501), electric transformers (heading 8504), discs, tapes, solid-state non-volatile storage devices, "smart
cards" and other media for the recording of sound or of other phenomena, whether or not recorded (heading 8523), radio
remote control apparatus (heading 8526) or cordless infrared remote control devices (heading 8543);

(n) Sports vehicles (other than sleds, bobsleds, toboggans and the like) of section XVII;

(o) Children's bicycles (heading 8712);

(p) Unmanned aircraft (heading 8806)

(q) Sports craft such as canoes and skiffs (chapter 89), or their means of propulsion (chapter 44 for such articles made of wood);

(r) Spectacles, goggles or the like, for sports or outdoor games (heading 9004);

(s) Decoy calls or whistles (heading 9208);

(t) Arms or other articles of chapter 93;

(u) Lighting strings of all kinds (heading 9405);

(v) Monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles (heading 9620);

(w) Racket strings, tents or other camping goods, or gloves, mittens and mitts (classified according to their constituent material);

or

(x) Tableware, kitchenware, toilet articles, carpets and other textile floor coverings, apparel, bed linen, table linen, toilet linen,

kitchen linen and similar articles having a utilitarian function (classified according to their constituent material). 1/

1/ See subheading 9817.95.01 and 9817.95.05

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
95-2
Notes (con.)

2.

This chapter includes articles in which natural or cultured pearls, precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or
reconstructed), precious metal or metal clad with precious metal constitute only minor constituents.

3. Subject to note 1 above, parts and accessories which are suitable for use solely or principally with articles of this chapter are to

be classified with those articles.

4. Subject to the provisions of Note 1 above, heading 9503 applies, inter alia, to articles of this heading combined with one or more
items, which cannot be considered as sets under the terms of General Interpretative Rule 3(b), and which, if presented separately,
would be classified in other headings, provided the articles are put up together for retail sale and the combinations have the
essential character of toys.

5. Heading 9503 does not cover articles which, on account of their design, shape or constituent material, are identifiable as intended

exclusively for animals, for example, "pet toys" (classification in their own appropriate heading).

6.

For the purposes of heading 9508:

(a) The expression “amusement park rides” means a device or combination of devices or equipment that carry, convey, or direct
a person or persons over or through a fixed or restricted course, including watercourses, or within a defined area for the
primary purpose of amusement or entertainment. Such rides may be combined within an amusement park, theme park,
water park or fairground. These amusement park rides do not include equipment of a kind commonly installed in residences
or playgrounds;

(b) The expression “water park amusements” means a device or combination of devices or equipment that are characterized
by a defined area involving water, with no purposes built path. Water park amusements only include equipment designed
specifically for water parks; and

(c) The expression “fairground amusements” means games of chance, strength or skill, which commonly employ an operator

or attendant and may be installed in permanent buildings or independent concession stalls. Fairground amusements do not
include equipment of heading 9504.

This heading does not include equipment more specifically classified elsewhere in the tariff schedule.

Subheading Note

1. Subheading 9504.50 covers:

(a) Video game consoles from which the image is reproduced on a television receiver, a monitor or other external screen or

surface; or

(b) Video game machines having a self-contained video screen, whether or not portable.

This subheading does not cover video game consoles or machines operated by coins, banknotes, bank cards, tokens or by any
other means of payment (subheading 9504.30).

Statistical note

1.

In heading 9503, classification is based on the youngest age for which the product is intended. For example, an item labeled
"For ages 2–5" would be appropriately classified in the "Under 3 years of age" category. Parts and accessories, if not specifically
labeled for a specific age, should be classified under the age designation that would be applicable to the finished retail product
of which it is a component or in which it is incorporated.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9503.00.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
95-3

Tricycles, scooters, pedal cars and similar wheeled toys; dollsʼ
carriages; dolls, other toys; reduced-scale (“scaleˮ) models
and similar recreational models, working or not; puzzles of all
kinds; parts and accessories thereof..........................................
“Childrenʼs productsˮ as defined in 15 U.S.C. § 2052:

Inflatable toy balls, balloons and punchballs, of rubber:
Labeled or determined by importer as intended for
use by persons:

..................

Free

70%

11

13

71

73
90

Under 3 years of age.........................................

No.

3 to 12 years of age...........................................

No.

Other:

Labeled or determined by importer as intended for
use by persons:

Under 3 years of age.........................................

No.

3 to 12 years of age...........................................
Other........................................................................................

No.
No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
95-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9504

9504.20
9504.20.20

00

Video game consoles and machines, table or parlor games,
including pinball machines, billiards, special tables for casino
games and automatic bowling equipment, amusement
machines operated by coins, banknotes, bank cards, tokens
or by any other means of payment:

Articles and accessories for billiards of all kinds:

Balls..................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

9504.20.40

00

Chalk.................................................................................

No.............

9504.20.60

00

Tables...............................................................................

No.............

Free

9504.20.80
9504.30.00

00

10

20

40
60
00

9504.40.00

9504.50.00

00

9504.90
9504.90.40

00

9504.90.60

00

Other, including parts and accessories........................
Other games, operated by coins, banknotes, bank cards,
tokens or by any other means of payment, other than
automatic bowling alley equipment; parts and accessories
thereof.....................................................................................
Video.................................................................................

kg..............

Free1/

..................
No.

Free1/

Other:

Games:

Pinball machines and bell-type machines and
consoles..............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Parts and accessories.............................................
Playing cards..........................................................................

No.
No.
pack..........

Free

Video game consoles and machines, other than those of
subheading 9504.30, and parts and accessories thereof..

No.............

Free

Other:

Game machines, other than those operated by coins,
banknotes (paper currency), discs or similar articles;
parts and accessories thereof........................................

No.............

Free

Other:

Chess, checkers, parchisi, backgammon, darts
and other games played on boards of a special
design, all the foregoing games and parts there of
(including their boards); mah-jong and dominoes;
any of the foregoing games in combination with
each other, or with other games, packaged
together as a unit in immediate containers of a type
used in retail sales; poker chips and dice..............

No.............

Free

9504.90.90

40

60

80

Other..........................................................................
Bowling balls......................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Bowling equipment and parts and accessories
thereof.................................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

50%

25%

33 1/3%

33 1/3%

35%

10¢/pack +
20%2/

35%

35%

40%

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
95-5

Festive, carnival or other entertainment articles, including
magic tricks and practical joke articles; parts and accessories
thereof:

Articles for Christmas festivities and parts and accessories
thereof:

Christmas ornaments:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9505

9505.10

9505.10.10

00

Of glass......................................................................

No.............

Free1/

9505.10.15

00

9505.10.25
9505.10.30

00
00

9505.10.40

10

20

10

20

00

9505.10.50

9505.90
9505.90.20

Other:

Of wood...............................................................

No.............

Free

Other...................................................................
Nativity scenes and figures thereof...............................

No.............
No.............

Free
Free

Other:

Of plastics..................................................................
Artificial Christmas trees...................................

..................
No.

Free

Other...................................................................
Other..........................................................................
Artificial Christmas trees...................................

No.
..................
No.

Free

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Magic tricks and practical joke articles; parts and
accessories thereof.........................................................

No.............

Free

9505.90.40

00

Confetti, paper spirals or streamers, party favors and
noisemakers; parts and accessories thereof...............

No.............

Free

9505.90.60

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Free

60%

20%2/

20%2/
80%

60%

90%

70%

45%

25%2/

9506

9506.11

Articles and equipment for general physical exercise,
gymnastics, athletics, other sports (including table-tennis) or
outdoor games, not specified or included elsewhere in this
chapter; swimming pools and wading pools; parts and
accessories thereof:

Snow-skis and other snow-ski equipment; parts and
accessories thereof:

Skis and parts and accessories thereof, except ski
poles:

9506.11.20

00

Cross-country skis....................................................

prs.............

9506.11.40

Other skis..................................................................

..................

10

80
00

00

9506.11.60
9506.12
9506.12.40

Snowboards.......................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Parts and accessories.............................................

prs.
No.............

Ski bindings and parts and accessories thereof:

Cross-country............................................................

No.............

9506.12.80

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

Free1/

2.6%3/

Free1/

Free1/

2.8%1/

33 1/3%2/

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
95-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9506 (con.)

9506.19
9506.19.40

00

Articles and equipment for general physical exercise,
gymnastics, athletics, other sports (including table-tennis) or
outdoor games, not specified or included elsewhere in this
chapter; swimming pools and wading pools; parts and
accessories thereof: (con.)

Snow-skis and other snow-ski equipment; parts and
accessories thereof: (con.)

Other:

Cross-country............................................................

No.............

9506.19.80

Other..........................................................................

..................

Free1/

2.8%1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9506.21
9506.21.40

9506.21.80
9506.29.00

40

80

00

00

20

30

80

Ski poles and parts and accessories
thereof.................................................................

Other...................................................................
Water skis, surf boards, sailboards and other water- sport
equipment; parts and accessories thereof:

Sailboards and parts and accessories thereof:

No.

No.

Sailboards.................................................................

No.............

Parts and accessories.............................................
Other.................................................................................
Water skis..................................................................

No.............
..................
prs.

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Surf boards................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Golf clubs and other golf equipment; parts and accessories
thereof:

No.

9506.31.00

00

Golf clubs, complete.......................................................

No.............

4.4%1/

9506.32.00

00

Balls..................................................................................

doz............

9506.39.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

4.9%1/

60

80
00

9506.40.00

Parts of golf clubs.....................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Articles and equipment for table-tennis, and parts and
accessories thereof................................................................

No.............

5.1%

45%

45%

30%

30%
40%

30%

30%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
95-7

Articles and equipment for general physical exercise,
gymnastics, athletics, other sports (including table-tennis) or
outdoor games, not specified or included elsewhere in this
chapter; swimming pools and wading pools; parts and
accessories thereof: (con.)

Tennis, badminton or similar rackets, whether or not strung;
parts and accessories thereof:

Lawn-tennis rackets, whether or not strung, and parts
and accessories thereof:

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9506 (con.)

9506.51

9506.51.20

00

Rackets, strung.........................................................

No.............

5.3%

9506.51.40

00

Rackets, not strung..................................................

No.............

3.9%4/

9506.51.60

00

Parts and accessories.............................................

No.............

3.1%3/

9506.59
9506.59.40

Other:

Badminton rackets and parts and accessories
thereof........................................................................

..................

5.6%4/

9506.59.80

40

80

20

40

60

Rackets and racket frames...............................

No.

Other parts and accessories............................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

4%1/

Racquetball rackets...........................................

No.

Squash rackets..................................................

No.

Other, including parts and accessories...........

No.

30%

30%

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

30%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XX
95-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9506 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles and equipment for general physical exercise,
gymnastics, athletics, other sports (including table-tennis) or
outdoor games, not specified or included elsewhere in this
chapter; swimming pools and wading pools; parts and
accessories thereof: (con.)

Balls, other than golf balls and table-tennis balls:

9506.61.00

00

Lawn-tennis balls.............................................................

No.............

Free1/

9506.62
9506.62.40

9506.62.80

9506.69
9506.69.20

9506.69.40

40

80

20

40

60

40

80
00

Inflatable balls:

Footballs and soccer balls.......................................
Footballs.............................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Soccer balls........................................................
Other..........................................................................

No.
..................

4.8%1/

Basketballs.........................................................

No.

Volleyballs...........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Baseballs and softballs............................................
Baseballs............................................................

..................
No.

Free1/

Softballs..............................................................

No.

Noninflatable hollow balls not over 19 cm in
diameter.....................................................................

No.............

5.4%1/

9506.69.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

4.9%1/

9506.70

9506.70.20

9506.70.40

9506.70.60

10

20

10

90
00

40

80

Polo balls............................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Ice skates and roller skates, including skating boots with
skates attached; parts and accessories thereof:

No.

Roller skates and parts and accessories thereof........
Attached to boots......................................................

..................
prs.

Free4/

Other..........................................................................
Ice skates with footwear permanently attached..........

No.
prs.............

2.9%1/

Other, including parts and accessories for ice skates
with footwear permanently attached.............................
Ice skates..................................................................

..................
prs.

Free1/

Parts and accessories.............................................

prs.

30%

30%

30%

30%

70%

30%

20%

20%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9506 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
95-9

Articles and equipment for general physical exercise,
gymnastics, athletics, other sports (including table-tennis) or
outdoor games, not specified or included elsewhere in this
chapter; swimming pools and wading pools; parts and
accessories thereof: (con.)

Other:

9506.91.00

Articles and equipment for general physical exercise,
gymnastics or athletics; parts and accessories
thereof...............................................................................

..................

4.6%3/

9506.99
9506.99.05

10

20

30

10

20

30

Exercise cycles.........................................................

No.

Exercise rowing machines.......................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Archery articles and equipment and parts and
accessories thereof..................................................
Bows and bow parts..........................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Arrows and arrow parts.....................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Badminton articles and equipment, except rackets,
and parts and accessories thereof:

No.

9506.99.08

00

Nets of cotton.....................................................

No.............
kg

2.8%

9506.99.12

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

5.6%

9506.99.15

00

9506.99.20

00

9506.99.25

40

80
00

9506.99.28

9506.99.30

00

Baseball articles and equipment, except balls, and
parts and accessories thereof.................................

Football, soccer and polo articles and equip- ment,
except balls, and parts and accessories thereof...

No.............

Free4/

No.............

Free3/

Ice-hockey and field-hockey articles and
equipment, except balls and skates, and parts and
accessories thereof..................................................
Ice-hockey sticks...............................................

..................
No.

Free3/

Other, including parts and accessories...........
Lacrosse sticks.........................................................

No.
No.............

Free3/

Lawn-tennis articles and equipment, except balls
and rackets, and parts and accessories thereof....

No.............

3.1%1/

9506.99.35

00

Skeet targets.............................................................

doz............

Free1/

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

30%

30%

30%

30%

30%2/

30%

30%

20%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
95-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9506 (con.)

9506.99
(con.)

9506.99.40

00

Articles and equipment for general physical exercise,
gymnastics, athletics, other sports (including table-tennis) or
outdoor games, not specified or included elsewhere in this
chapter; swimming pools and wading pools; parts and
accessories thereof: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Other: (con.)

Sleds, bobsleds, toboggans and the like and parts
and accessories thereof:

Toboggans; bobsleds and luges of a kind used
in international competition...............................

No.............

Free1/

9506.99.45

00

Other, including parts and accessories...........

No.............

2.8%1/

9506.99.50

00

Snowshoes and parts and accessories thereof.....

No.............

2.6%

9506.99.55

00

Swimming pools and wading pools and parts and
accessories thereof..................................................

No.............

5.3%3/

9506.99.60

Other..........................................................................

..................

4%3/

40

80

Nets not elsewhere specified or included.......

kg

Other...................................................................

No.

Free

45%

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

40%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9507

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
95-11

2

Fishing rods, fish hooks and other line fishing tackle; fish
landing nets, butterfly nets and similar nets; decoy "birds" (other
than those of heading 9208 or 9705) and similar hunting or
shooting equipment; parts and accessories thereof:

9507.10.00

Fishing rods and parts and accessories thereof................

..................

6%

40

80

00

9507.20
9507.20.40

Fishing rods.....................................................................

Parts and accessories....................................................

No.

No.

Fish hooks, whether or not snelled:

Snelled hooks..................................................................

kg..............

4%1/

9507.20.80

00

Other.................................................................................

kg..............

4.8%1/

9507.30

Fishing reels and parts and accessories thereof:

Fishing reels:

9507.30.20

00

Valued not over $2.70 each.....................................

No.............

9.2%4/

9507.30.40

00

Valued over $2.70 but not over $8.45 each...........

No.............

24¢ each4/

9507.30.60

00

Valued over $8.45 each...........................................

No.............

3.9%3/

9507.30.80

00

Parts and accessories....................................................

No.............

5.4%3/

55%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

55%

45%

55%

55%

55%

55%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

XX
95-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9507 (con.)

9507.90
9507.90.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Fishing rods, fish hooks and other line fishing tackle; fish
landing nets, butterfly nets and similar nets; decoy "birds" (other
than those of heading 9208 or 9705) and similar hunting or
shooting equipment; parts and accessories thereof: (con.)

Other:

Fishing line put up and packaged for retail sale..........

No.............

3.7%1/

9507.90.40

00

Fishing casts or leaders..................................................

doz............

5.6%1/

9507.90.60

00

Fish landing nets, butterfly nets and similar nets.........

No.............

5%4/

9507.90.70

00

Artificial baits and flies.............................................

doz............

9%1/

Other, including parts and accessories:

9507.90.80

00

Other, including parts and accessories.................

No.............

9%

9508

Traveling circuses and traveling menageries; amusement park
rides and water park amusements; fairground amusements,
including shooting galleries; traveling theaters; parts and
accessories thereof:

9508.10.00

00

Traveling circuses and traveling menageries.....................

No.............

9508.21.00

00

Roller coasters.................................................................

No.............

Amusement park rides and water park amusements:

9508.22.00

00

Carousels, swings and roundabouts.............................

No.............

9508.23.00

00

Bumper (dodge’em) cars................................................

No.............

9508.24.00

00

Motion simulators and moving theaters........................

No.............

9508.25.00

00

Water rides.......................................................................

No.............

9508.26.00

00

Water park amusements................................................

No.............

9508.29.00
9508.30.00

00
00

Other.................................................................................
Fairground amusements.......................................................

No.............
No.............

9508.40.00

00

Traveling theaters..................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/
Free1/

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, JP, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

2.8% (JP)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

4.5% (JP)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

65%

55%

40%

55%

55%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%

35%
35%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
Endnotes--page 95 - 13

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.15 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
4/ See U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 96

MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURED ARTICLES

XX
96-1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Pencils for cosmetic or toilet uses (chapter 33);

(b) Articles of chapter 66 (for example, parts of umbrellas or walking-sticks);

(c)

Imitation jewelry (heading 7117);

(d) Parts of general use, as defined in note 2 to section XV, of base metal (section XV) or similar goods of plastics (chapter 39);

(e) Cutlery or other articles of chapter 82 with handles or other parts of carving or molding materials; heading 9601 or 9602

applies, however, to separately entered handles or other parts of such articles;

(f) Articles of chapter 90 (for example, spectacle frames (heading 9003), mathematical drawing pens (heading 9017), brushes

of a kind specialized for use in dentistry or for medical, surgical or veterinary purposes (heading 9018));

(g) Articles of chapter 91 (for example, clock or watch cases);

(h) Musical instruments or parts or accessories thereof (chapter 92);

(ij) Articles of chapter 93 (arms and parts thereof);

(k) Articles of chapter 94 (for example, furniture, luminaires and lighting fittings);

(l) Articles of chapter 95 (toys, games, sports equipment); or

(m) Works of art, collectors' pieces or antiques (chapter 97).

2.

In heading 9602 the expression "vegetable or mineral carving material" means:

(a) Hard seeds, pips, hulls and nuts and similar vegetable materials of a kind used for carving (for example, corozo and dom);

(b) Amber, meerschaum, agglomerated amber and agglomerated meerschaum, jet and mineral substitutes for jet.

3.

In heading 9603 the expression "prepared knots and tufts for broom or brush making" applies only to unmounted knots and tufts
of animal hair, vegetable fiber or other material, which are ready for incorporation without division in brooms or brushes, or which
require only such further minor processes as trimming to shape at the top, to render them ready for such incorporation.

4. Articles of this chapter, other than those of headings 9601 to 9606 or 9615, remain classified in the chapter whether or not
composed wholly or partly of precious metal or metal clad with precious metal, of natural or cultured pearls, or precious or
semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed). However, headings 9601 to 9606 and 9615 include articles in which
natural or cultured pearls, precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed), precious metal or metal clad
with precious metal constitute only minor constituents.

Additional U.S. Notes

1.

For the purposes of heading 9606 the term "line" in the rates of duty columns means the line button measure of 0.635 mm.

2. Buttons (whether or not finished) provided for in subheadings 9606.21.40 and 9606.29.20 which are the product of an insular

possession of the United States outside the customs territory of the United States and which are manufactured or produced from
button blanks or unfinished buttons which were the product of any foreign country shall be subject to duty under subheadings
9606.21.40 and 9606.29.20 at the rates which apply to products of such foreign country.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
96-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9601

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Worked ivory, bone, tortoise-shell, horn, antlers, coral,
mother-of-pearl and other animal carving material, and articles
of these materials (including articles obtained by molding):

9601.10.00

00

Worked ivory and articles of ivory........................................

9601.90
9601.90.20

00

9601.90.40

00

Other:

Worked shell and articles thereof..................................

Coral, cut but not set, and cameos, suitable for use in
jewelry...............................................................................

kg..............

2.1%1/

No.............
kg

Free1/

No.............
kg

Free1/

35%

35%

10%

25%

20%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

20%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9601.90.60

00

Of bone, horn, hoof, whalebone, quill or any
combination thereof.........................................................

9601.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............
kg

Free1/

No.............
kg

3.7%1/

9602.00

Worked vegetable or mineral carving material and articles of
these materials; molded or carved articles of wax, of stearin,
of natural gums or natural resins, of modeling pastes, and other
molded or carved articles, not elsewhere specified or included;
worked, unhardened gelatin (except gelatin of heading 3503)
and articles of unhardened gelatin:

9602.00.10

Worked unhardened gelatin and articles thereof...............

..................

3%1/

40

80
00

9602.00.40

Unfilled gelatin capsules.................................................

thousands

Other.................................................................................
Molded or carved articles of wax..........................................

No.
No.............

1.8%1/

9602.00.50

Other........................................................................................

..................

2.7%1/

10

80

Unfilled vegetable capsules...........................................

thousands

Other.................................................................................

No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
96-3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9603

9603.10

9603.10.05

00

Brooms, brushes (including brushes constituting parts of
machines, appliances or vehicles), hand-operated mechanical
floor sweepers, not motorized, mops and feather dusters;
prepared knots and tufts for broom or brush making; paint pads
and rollers; squeegees (other than roller squeegees):

Brooms and brushes, consisting of twigs or other vegetable
materials bound together, with or without handles:
Whiskbrooms, wholly or in part of broom corn:

Valued not over 96¢ each:

In any calendar year prior to the entry, or
withdrawal from warehouse for comsumption,
of 61,655 dozen whiskbrooms classifiable
under subheadings 9603.10.05 to 9603.10.35,
inclusive..............................................................

No.............

8%

9603.10.15

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

5¢ each1/

9603.10.35

00

Valued over 96¢ each..............................................

No.............

14%1/

9603.10.40

00

Other brooms, wholly or in part of broom corn:

Valued not over 96¢ each:

In any calendar year prior to the entry, or
withdrawal from warehouse for consumption,
of 121,478 dozen brooms classifiable under
subheadings 9603.10.40 to 9603.10.60,
inclusive..............................................................

No.............

8%1/

9603.10.50

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

32¢ each1/

9603.10.60

00

Valued over 96¢ each..............................................

No.............

32%1/

9603.10.90

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

10%1/

20%

12¢ each

32%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

20%

32¢ each

32%

25%2/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XX
96-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9603 (con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Brooms, brushes (including brushes constituting parts of
machines, appliances or vehicles), hand-operated mechanical
floor sweepers, not motorized, mops and feather dusters;
prepared knots and tufts for broom or brush making; paint pads
and rollers; squeegees (other than roller squeegees): (con.)

Toothbrushes, shaving brushes, hair brushes, nail brushes,
eyelash brushes and other toilet brushes for use on the
person, including such brushes constituting parts of
appliances:

9603.21.00

00

Toothbrushes, including dental-plate brushes.............

No.............

Free1/

9603.29
9603.29.40

9603.29.80

10

90

10

90

Other:

Valued not over 40¢ each........................................

..................

0.2¢ each + 7%

Hairbrushes........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................
Valued over 40¢ each..............................................

No.
..................

0.3¢ each + 3.6%

Hairbrushes........................................................

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

2¢ each + 50%

1¢ each + 50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

1¢ each + 50%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9603.30

Artists' brushes, writing brushes and similar brushes for
the application of cosmetics:

9603.30.20

00

Valued not over 5¢ each.................................................

No.............

2.6%1/

9603.30.40

00

Valued over 5¢ but not over 10¢ each..........................

No.............

Free1/

9603.30.60
9603.40

00

9603.40.20

00

Valued over 10¢ each.....................................................

No.............

Free

Paint, distemper, varnish or similar brushes (other than
brushes of subheading 9603.30); paint pads and rollers:
Paint rollers......................................................................

No.............

7.5%

9603.40.40

Other.................................................................................

..................

4%

20

40

60
00

9603.50.00

Paint pads.................................................................

No.

Natural bristle brushes.............................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Other brushes constituting parts of machines, appliances
or vehicles...............................................................................

No.

No.............

Free1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

40%

40%

50%

50%

35%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
96-5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9603 (con.)

9603.90
9603.90.40

00

Brooms, brushes (including brushes constituting parts of
machines, appliances or vehicles), hand-operated mechanical
floor sweepers, not motorized, mops and feather dusters;
prepared knots and tufts for broom or brush making; paint pads
and rollers; squeegees (other than roller squeegees): (con.)

Other:

Feather dusters...............................................................

No.............

9603.90.80

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free1/

2.8%3/

45%

50%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

20

30

40

50

Whiskbrooms............................................................

No.

Upright brooms.........................................................

No.

Push brooms, 41 cm or less in width......................

No.

Other brooms............................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

9604.00.00

00

Hand sieves and hand riddles.....................................................

No.............

4.9%1/

9605.00.00

00

Travel sets for personal toilet, sewing or shoe or clothes
cleaning (other than manicure and pedicure sets of heading
8214)..............................................................................................

No.............

8.1%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XX
96-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9606

9606.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Buttons, press-fasteners, snap-fasteners and press-studs,
button molds and other parts of these articles; button blanks:
Press-fasteners, snap-fasteners and press-studs and parts
thereof:

9606.10.40

00

Valued not over 20¢ per dozen pieces or parts...........

gross.........

3.5%4/

9606.10.80

00

Valued over 20¢ per dozen pieces or parts.................

gross.........

2.7%4/

9606.21
9606.21.20

00

9606.21.40

00

Buttons:

Of plastics, not covered with textile material:

Of casein...................................................................

gross.........

Free4/

Of acrylic resin, of polyester resin or of both such
resins..........................................................................

gross.........
gr.lines

0.3¢/line/ gross +
4.6%4/

9606.21.60

00

Other..........................................................................

gross.........

4.7%4/

9606.22.00

00

Of base metal, not covered with textile material..........

gross.........

Free4/

9606.29
9606.29.20

00

Other:

Of acrylic resin, of polyester resin or of both such
resins, covered with textile material.......................

9606.29.40

00

Of pearl or shell..................................................

Other:

gross.........
gr.lines

0.3¢/line/ gross +
4.5%4/

gross.........
gr.lines

0.18¢/line/ gross
+ 2.5%4/

9606.29.60

00

Other...................................................................

gross.........

2.9%4/

9606.30
9606.30.40

00

Button molds and other parts of buttons; button blanks:

Button blanks of casein..................................................

gross.........

9606.30.80

00

Other.................................................................................

gross.........

Free4/

6%4/

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

65%

45%

1.5¢/line/

gross + 25%

45%

45%

1.5¢/line/

gross + 25%

1.75¢/line/

gross + 25%

45%

45%

45%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

9607

Slide fasteners and parts thereof:

Slide fasteners:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
96-7

9607.11.00

00

Fitted with chain scoops of base metal.........................

No.............

10%4/

9607.19.00

Other.................................................................................

..................

13%4/

20

40

60

40

80

9607.20.00

9608

Fitted with chain scoops of plastic..........................

No.

Fitted with continuous plastic filament...................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Parts........................................................................................

No.
..................

11.5%4/

Sliders, with or without pulls...........................................

thousands

Other.................................................................................

No.

Ball point pens; felt tipped and other porous-tipped pens and
markers; fountain pens, stylograph pens and other pens;
duplicating styli; propelling or sliding pencils (for example,
mechanical pencils); pen-holders, pencil-holders and similar
holders; parts (including caps and clips) of the foregoing
articles, other than those of heading 9609:

9608.10.00

00

Ball point pens........................................................................

No.............

0.8¢ each +
5.4%1/

9608.20.00

00

Felt tipped and other porous-tipped pens and markers.....

gross.........

4%1/

9608.30.00

Fountain pens, stylograph pens and other pens................

..................

0.4¢ each +
2.7%1/

31

39

9608.40

9608.40.40

00

India ink drawing pens....................................................

Other.................................................................................

Propelling or sliding pencils (for example, mechanical
pencils):

With a mechanical action for extending, or for
extending and retracting, the lead.................................

No.

No.

gross.........

6.6%1/

66%

66%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

66%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

6¢ each + 40%

40%

6¢ each + 40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
JP, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

41.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

3.3% (JP)

9608.40.80

00

Other.................................................................................

gross.........

Free1/

45%

XX
96-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9608 (con.)

9608.50.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ball point pens; felt tipped and other porous-tipped pens and
markers; fountain pens, stylograph pens and other pens;
duplicating styli; propelling or sliding pencils (for example,
mechanical pencils); pen-holders, pencil-holders and similar
holders; parts (including caps and clips) of the foregoing
articles, other than those of heading 9609: (con.)

Sets of articles from two or more of the subheadings
9608.10, 9608.20, 9608.30 or 9608.40...............................

No.............

The rate

applicable to
each article in
the absence of
this
subheading5/

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

9608.60.00

00

Refills for ball point pens, comprising the ball point and ink
reservoir..................................................................................

No.............

0.4¢ each +
2.7%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9608.91.00

00

Pen nibs and nib points..................................................

gross.........

Free1/

Other:

9608.99
9608.99.20

00

Other:

Refill cartridges.........................................................

No.............

9608.99.30

00

Balls for ball point pens............................................

thousands.

0.4¢ each +
2.7%1/

20¢/thousand +
3.5%1/

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9608.99.40

00

9608.99.60

00

9609

Other:

Parts of articles provided for in subheadings
9608.10 and 9608.30 (other than balls for ball
point pens)..........................................................

No.............

Free1/

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Pencils (other than those pencils of heading 9608), crayons,
pencil leads, pastels, drawing charcoals, writing or drawing
chalks and tailors' chalks:

9609.10.00

00

Pencils and crayons, with leads encased in a sheath.......

gross.........

14¢/gross +
4.3%1/

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

50¢/gross +

30%

9609.20
9609.20.20

00

9609.20.40

00

9609.90
9609.90.40

00

Pencil leads, black or colored:

Not over 1.5 mm in maximum cross-sectional
dimension.........................................................................

Over 1.5 mm in maximum cross-sectional
dimension.........................................................................

gross.........

Free1/

gross.........

Free1/

Other:

Tailors' chalks..................................................................

kg..............

9609.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

gross.........

Free1/

Free1/

20¢/gross

6¢/gross

25%

50¢/gross +

30%

The rate

applicable, to
each article
in the
absence of
this
subheading

6¢ each + 40%

20¢/gross

6¢ each + 40%

$2.50/thou-

sand + 40%

6¢ each + 40%

45%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XX
96-9

Slates and boards, with writing or drawing surfaces, whether
or not framed.................................................................................

No.............

3.5%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9610.00.00

00

9611.00.00

00

Date, sealing or numbering stamps and the like, (including
devices for printing or embossing labels), designed for
operating in the hand; hand-operated composing sticks and
hand printing sets incorporating such composing sticks.........

No.............

2.7%1/

9612

9612.10
9612.10.10

Typewriter or similar ribbons, inked or otherwise prepared for
giving impressions, whether or not on spools or in cartridges;
ink pads, whether or not inked, with or without boxes:

Ribbons:

Measuring less than 30 mm in width, permanently put
up in plastic or metal cartridges (whether or not
containing spools) of a kind used in typewriters,
automatic data processing or other machines.............
Woven, of man-made fibers....................................

Other..........................................................................

10

20

9612.10.90

Other.................................................................................

..................
doz.
kg

doz.
kg
..................

Free1/

7.9%1/

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

78.5%

Free (AU, BH, CL,

78.5%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)
3.95% (JP)

10

30

90

Woven, of man-made fibers (621)..........................

Other:

Thermal transfer printing ribbons of coated
polyethylene terephthalate film.........................

doz.
kg

doz.
kg

Other...................................................................

9612.20.00

00

Ink pads...................................................................................

doz.
kg
No.............

3.5%1/

40%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
96-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9613

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Cigarette lighters and other lighters, whether or not mechanical
or electrical, and parts thereof other than flints and wicks:

9613.10.00

00

Pocket lighters, gas fueled, non-refillable...........................

No.............

4%1/

9613.20.00

00

Pocket lighters, gas fueled, refillable...................................

No.............

9%

9613.80
9613.80.10

Other lighters:

Table lighters...................................................................

..................

4.8%1/

9613.80.20

40

80

10

90

9613.80.40

00

Butane........................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

Electrical....................................................................

..................

3.9%1/

Multipurpose lighters, including those used to
light charcoal and gas grills and fireplaces......

No.

Other...................................................................

No.

Other:

Of precious metal (except silver), of precious
or semiprecious stones or of such metal and
such stones........................................................

No.............

3.6%1/

9613.80.60

00

Valued not over $5 per dozen pieces.......

doz............

8%

Other:

9613.80.80

00

Valued over $5 per dozen pieces..............

doz............

9%1/

9613.90
9613.90.40

00

Parts:

Electrical...........................................................................

No.............

3.9%1/

9613.90.80

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

4%1/

110%

110%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

60%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

110%

110%

35%

110%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9614.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
96-11

2

Smoking pipes (including pipe bowls) and cigar or cigarette
holders, and parts thereof:
Pipes and pipe bowls:
Of wood or root:

9614.00.21

00

Roughly shaped blocks of wood or root, for the
manufacture of pipes................................................

gross.........

Free1/

9614.00.25

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

0.4¢ each +
3.2%1/

9614.00.26

00

Pipes and bowls wholly of clay and pipes with bowls
wholly of clay....................................................................

No.............

3%1/

9614.00.28

Other.................................................................................

..................

0.3¢ each + 3.2%

10

30

90

Of glass......................................................................

No.

Of plastics..................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Other:

9614.00.94

00

Of metal............................................................................

No.............

7.2%

9614.00.98

Other.................................................................................

..................

0.5¢ each + 3%1/

10%

5¢ each + 60%

45%

5¢ each + 60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

110%

5¢ each + 60%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

10

90

Of glass......................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
96-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9615

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Combs, hair-slides and the like; hairpins, curling pins, curling
grips, hair-curlers and the like, other than those of heading
8516, and parts thereof:

9615.11

Combs, hair-slides and the like:

Of hard rubber or plastics:

Combs:

9615.11.10

00

Valued not over $4.50 per gross......................

gross.........

14.4¢/gross +

2%

9615.11.20

00

Of hard rubber.............................................

gross.........

5.2%

Valued over $4.50 per gross:

9615.11.30

00

Other.............................................................

gross.........

28.8¢/gross +

4.6%

9615.11.40

00

Not set with imitation pearls or imitation
gemstones..........................................................

No.............

5.3%

Other:

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

$1.44/gross +

25%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

36%

$2.88/gross +

35%

80%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

9615.11.50
9615.19

00

Other...................................................................

No.............

Free

110%

Other:

Combs:

9615.19.20

00

Valued not over $4.50 per gross......................

gross.........

9.7¢/gross +

1.3%

9615.19.40

00

Valued over $4.50 per gross............................

gross.........

28.8¢/gross +

4.6%

9615.19.60

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

11%

$1.44/gross +

25%

$2.88/gross +

35%

110%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
96-13

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9615 (con.)

9615.90
9615.90.20

00

Combs, hair-slides and the like; hairpins, curling pins, curling
grips, hair-curlers and the like, other than those of heading
8516, and parts thereof: (con.)

Other:

Nonthermic, nonornamental devices for curling the
hair....................................................................................

No.............

8.1%

9615.90.30

00

Hair pins...........................................................................

kg..............

5.1%

Other:

9615.90.40

00

Of rubber or plastics, not set with imitation pearls
or imitation gemstones.............................................

No.............

5.3%

9615.90.60

00

Other..........................................................................

No.............

11%

9616

9616.10.00

00

Scent sprayers and similar toilet sprayers, and mounts and
heads therefor; powder puffs and pads for the application of
cosmetics or toilet preparations:

Scent sprayers and similar toilet sprayers, and mounts
and heads therefor.................................................................

No.............

Free1/

9616.20.00

00

Powder puffs and pads for the application of cosmetics or
toilet preparations..................................................................

kg..............

4.3%

9617.00

Vacuum flasks and other vacuum vessels, complete; parts
thereof other than glass inners:

Vessels:

9617.00.10

00

Having a capacity not exceeding 1 liter........................

No.............

7.2%

9617.00.30

00

Having a capacity exceeding 1 liter but not exceeding
2 liters...............................................................................

No.............

6.9%

9617.00.40

00

Having a capacity exceeding 2 liters............................

No.............

6.9%1/

9617.00.60

00

Parts........................................................................................

No.............

7.2%

45%

35%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

80%

110%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

78.5%

Free (A+, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

55.5%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

52%

51%

55%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)
Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

XX
96-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9618.00.00

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tailors' dummies and other mannequins; automatons and other
animated displays used for shopwindow dressing...................

No.............

4.4%1/

9619.00

Sanitary pads (towels) and tampons, diapers (napkins), diaper
liners and similar articles, of any material:

9619.00.05

00

Of plastics...............................................................................

kg..............

5%1/

9619.00.11

00

Of paper pulp..........................................................................

kg..............

9619.00.15

10

30

60

Of paper, cellulose wadding or webs of cellulose fibers....
Sanitary napkins and tampons......................................

..................
kg

Diapers and diaper liners...............................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Of textile wadding:

Free1/

Free1/

9619.00.21

00

Of cotton (369).................................................................

kg..............

3.6%1/

9619.00.25

00

Other (669).......................................................................

kg..............

6.3%1/

56%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

25%

30%

35%

40%

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

74%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
96-15

2

9619.00
(con.)

Sanitary pads (towels) and tampons, diapers (napkins), diaper
liners and similar articles, of any material: (con.)

Diapers of other textile materials:

Of cotton:

9619.00.31

00

Of knitted or crocheted textile fabric (239)............

9619.00.33

00

Other (239)................................................................

9619.00.41

00

Of synthetic fibers (239).................................................

9619.00.43

00

Of artificial fibers (239)...................................................

9619.00.46

00

Of knitted or crocheted textile fabric (839)............

Of other textile fibers:

9619.00.48

00

Other (839)................................................................

doz............
kg

8.1%

doz............
kg

9.3%1/

doz............
kg

16%

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

5.6%

doz............
kg

2.8%1/

90%

90%

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
96-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

9619.00
(con.)

Sanitary pads (towels) and tampons, diapers (napkins), diaper
liners and similar articles, of any material: (con.)

Other, of textile materials:
Knitted or crocheted:

9619.00.61

00

Of cotton....................................................................

9619.00.64

00

Of man-made fibers.................................................

9619.00.68

00

Other..........................................................................

9619.00.71

00

Of cotton....................................................................

Other:

9619.00.74

00

Of man-made fibers.................................................

9619.00.78

00

Menʼs or boysʼ....................................................

Other:

9619.00.79

00

Womenʼs or girlsʼ...............................................

9619.00.90

00

Other........................................................................................

doz............
kg

10.8%

doz............
kg

14.9%1/

doz............
kg

5.6%

doz............
kg

8.1%1/

doz............
kg

16%1/

doz............
kg

2.8%1/

doz............
kg

7.3%

No.............
kg

7%1/

90%

90%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

60%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

90%

76%

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (AU, BH, CL,

35%

CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

40%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XX
96-17

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9620.00
9620.00.10

00

Monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles:

Accessories suitable for use solely or principally with the
apparatus of heading 8519 or 8521.....................................

No.............

2%4/

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

35%

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is an
accessory

20%

45%

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A, AU, BH, CL,
CO, D, E, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is an
accessory

9620.00.15

00

Accessories for the articles of heading 9005......................

No.............

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is an
accessory6/

9620.00.20

00

Accessories for photographic (other than cinematographic)
cameras of heading 9006.....................................................

No.............

5.8%4/

9620.00.25

00

Accessories for cinematographic cameras of heading
9007.........................................................................................

No.............

3.9%4/

9620.00.30

Accessories for the instruments and appliances, including
rangefinders, of heading 9015..............................................

..................

The rate

applicable to
the article of
which it is an
accessory6/

10

20

30

40

50

60

90

Of rangefinders................................................................

Of theodolites and tachymeters.....................................

Of levels............................................................................

Of photogrammetrical surveying instruments and
apparatus.........................................................................

Of seismographs.............................................................

Of other geophysical instruments and apparatus........

Other.................................................................................

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

No.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Monopods, bipods, tripods and similar articles: (con.)

XX
96-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9620.00
(con.)

9620.00.50

00

Of plastics........................................................................

No.............

5.3%4/

Other:

9620.00.55

00

Of wood............................................................................

No.............

3.3%4/

9620.00.60

00

Of graphite or other carbon............................................

No.............

9620.00.65

00

Of iron or steel.................................................................

No.............

Free4/

2.9%4/

9620.00.70

00

Of aluminum.....................................................................

No.............

2.5%4/

80%

33 1/3%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
C, CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

45%

45%

45%

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Free (A*, AU, B, BH,
CL, CO, D, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, OM,
P, PA, PE, S, SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XX
Endnotes--page 96 - 19

1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.90.08.
3/ See 9903.88.15 and U.S. note 19 to subchapter III, chapter 99.
4/ See 9903.88.03.
5/ See 9903.88.15, 9903.88.25, 9903.88.26, 9903.88.27 and 9903.88.28.
6/ See 9903.88.03, 9903.88.21, 9903.88.22, 9903.88.23 and 9903.88.24.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SECTION XXI

WORKS OF ART, COLLECTORS' PIECES AND ANTIQUES

XXI - 1

XXI-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 97

WORKS OF ART, COLLECTORS' PIECES AND ANTIQUES

XXI
97 - 1

Notes

1.

This chapter does not cover:

(a) Unused postage or revenue stamps, postal stationery (stamped paper) or the like, of heading 4907;

(b) Theatrical scenery, studio backdrops or the like, of painted canvas (heading 5907) except if they may be classified in heading

9706; or

(c) Pearls, natural or cultured, or precious or semiprecious stones (headings 7101 to 7103).

2. Heading 9701 does not apply to mosaics that are mass-produced reproductions, casts or works of conventional craftsmanship

of a commercial character, even if these articles are designed or created by artists.

3.

For the purposes of heading 9702, the expression "original engravings, prints and lithographs" means impressions produced
directly, in black and white or in color, of one or of several plates wholly executed by hand by the artist, irrespective of the process
or of the material employed by him, but not including any mechanical or photomechanical process.

4. Heading 9703 does not apply to mass-produced reproductions or works of conventional craftsmanship of a commercial character,

even if these articles are designed or created by artists.

5.

(a) Subject to notes 1 to 4 above, articles of this chapter are to be classified in this chapter and not in any other chapter of the

tariff schedule.

(b) Heading 9706 does not apply to articles of the preceding headings of this chapter.

6.

Frames around paintings, drawings, pastels, collages or similar decorative plaques, engravings, prints or lithographs are to be
classified with those articles, provided they are of a kind and of a value normal to those articles. Frames which are not of a kind
or of avalue normal to the articles referred to in this note are to be classified separately.

Additional U.S. Notes

1. Heading 9703 covers not only original sculpture made by the sculptor, but also the first 12 castings, replicas or reproductions

made from a sculptor's original work or model, by the sculptor himself or by another artist, with or without a change in scale and
whether or not the sculptor is alive at the time the castings, replicas or reproductions are completed.

2. Whenever an article is entered for sale under heading 9706, and thereafter determined to be not over 100 years of age, a duty
of 6.6 percent ad valorem for articles subject to column 1-general treatment, free of duty for goods originating in the territory of
Canada or a duty of 25 percent ad valorem for articles subject to column 2 treatment shall be assessed thereon in addition to
any other duty or penalty imposed on such article under the tariff schedule.

Statistical Notes:

1

For the purposes of statistical reporting number 9705.10.0010, "Archaeological pieces" are objects of cultural significance that
are at least 250 years old and are of a kind normally discovered as a result of scientific excavation, clandestine or accidental
digging or exploration on land or under water. For the purposes of statistical reporting number 9705.10.0020, "Ethnographic
pieces", which may also be called "ethnological pieces" are objects that are the product of a tribal or nonindustrial society and
are important to the cultural heritage of a people because of their distinctive characteristics, comparative rarity or their contribution
to the knowledge of the origins, development or history of that people. See Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Informed
Compliance Publication on "Works of Art, Collector's Pieces, Antiques, and Other Cultural Property".

2.

For statistical reporting of merchandise provided for in subheading 9705, collections made up of articles of more than one type
of cultural property, i.e., zoological, biological, paleontological, archaeological, anatomical, etc., shall be reported by their separate
components in the appropriate statistical reference numbers, as if separately entered.

XXI
97-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9701

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Painting, drawings and pastels, executed entirely by hand,
other than drawings of heading 4906 and other than
hand-painted or hand-decorated manufacture articles; collages,
mosaics and similar decorative plaques:
Of an age exceeding 100 years:

9701.21.00

00

Paintings, drawings, and pastels...................................

No.............

9701.22.00

00

Mosaics............................................................................

No.............

9701.29.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

Other:

9701.91.00

00

Paintings, drawings, and pastels...................................

No.............

9701.92.00

00

Mosaics............................................................................

No.............

9701.99.00

00

Other.................................................................................

No.............

9702
9702.10.00

Original engravings, prints and lithographs:

00

Of an age exceeding 100 years............................................

No.............

9702.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

9703
9703.10.00

Original sculptures and statuary, in any material:

00

Of an age exceeding 100 years............................................

No.............

9703.90.00

00

Other........................................................................................

No.............

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

Free1/

9704.00.00

00

Postage or revenue stamps, stamp-postmarks, first-day covers,
postal stationery (stamped paper) and the like, used or unused,
other than those of heading 4907...............................................

No.............

Free1/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXI
97-3

Collections and collectors’ pieces of archaeological,
ethnographic, historical, zoological, botanical, mineralogical,
anatomical, paleontological or numismatic interest:

Collections and collectors’ pieces of archaeological,
ethnographic or historical interest........................................
Archaeological pieces of a kind described in statistical
note 1 to this chapter......................................................

Ethnographic pieces of a kind described in statistical
note 1 to this chapter......................................................

Other.................................................................................
Collections and collectors’ pieces of zoological, botanical,
mineralogical, anatomical or paleontological interest:

..................

Free1/

Free2/

kg

kg

kg

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9705

9705.10.00

10

20

90

9705.21.00

00

Human specimens and parts thereof............................

g ................

9705.22.00

00

Extinct or endangered species and parts thereof........

g ................

Free1/

Free1/

9705.29.00

00

9705.31.00

01

10

40

50

65

10

40

20

40

60

20

40

60

9705.39.00

9706
9706.10.00

9706.90.00

Other.................................................................................
Collections and collectors’ pieces of numismatic interest:
Of an age exceeding 100 years ....................................
Coins made prior to the 14th century and not
known to be the direct products of excavations,
finds or archaeological sites....................................

Other:

Of an age equal to or exceeding 250 years:

Gold..............................................................

Other.............................................................
Of an age exceeding 100 years but less than
250 years:

g ................

Free1/

..................

Free1/

g

g

g

Gold..............................................................

g

Other.............................................................
Other.................................................................................
Gold.....................................................................

g
..................
g

Free1/

Other...................................................................

g

Antiques of an age exceeding 100 years:

Of an age exceeding 250 years............................................
Silverware........................................................................

..................
kg

Free1/

Furniture...........................................................................

kg

Other.................................................................................
Other........................................................................................
Silverware........................................................................

kg
..................
kg

Free1/

Furniture...........................................................................

Other.................................................................................

kg

kg

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXI
Endnotes--page 97 - 4
1/ See 9903.88.15.
2/ See 9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SPECIAL CLASSIFICATION PROVISIONS; TEMPORARY LEGISLATION; TEMPORARY MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED
PURSUANT TO TRADE LEGISLATION; ADDITIONAL IMPORT RESTRICTIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO SECTION 22 OF
THE AGRICULTURAL ADJUSTMENT ACT, AS AMENDED

XXII-1

SECTION XXII

XXII-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 98

SPECIAL CLASSIFICATION PROVISIONS

XXII
98-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

The provisions of this chapter are not subject to the rule of relative specificity in general rule of interpretation 3(a). Any article
which is described in any provision in this chapter is classifiable in said provision if the conditions and requirements thereof and
of any applicable regulations are met.

In the absence of a specific provision to the contrary, the tariff status of an article is not affected by the fact that it was previously
imported into the customs territory of the United States and cleared through customs whether or not duty was paid upon such
previous importation.

3. Any article exempted under subchapters IV through VII, inclusive, or subchapter IX from the payment of duty shall be exempt

also from the payment of any internal-revenue tax imposed upon or by reason of importation.

Statistical Notes

1. Statistical data are not to be furnished with respect to articles classified in those headings of this chapter for which no statistical

suffix is shown.

2.

For articles provided for in this chapter, the rate of duty for which is derived from a provision elsewhere in the tariff schedule, the
citation to be used in statistical reporting shall be the 10-digit statistical reporting number provided in this chapter followed by
the reporting number of the provision from which such rate is derived. The unit of quantity reported hereunder for such articles
shall be the same as the unit of quantity for the provision from which the rate was derived. For example, 10 new fully automatic
arc welding machines exported for repairs or alterations pursuant to a warranty and returned to the United States the statistical
reporting number shall be 9802.00.4040-8515.31.0000, with the quantity being shown as 10 and the value as dutiable value.

NOTICE TO EXPORTERS

The statistical reporting numbers contained in this chapter
apply only to imports and may not be reported on
Shipper's Export Declarations. See Notice to Exporters
preceding chapter 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER I

ARTICLES EXPORTED AND RETURNED, NOT ADVANCED OR
IMPROVED IN CONDITION; ANIMALS EXPORTED AND RETURNED

XXII
98-I-1

U.S. Notes

1.

The provisions in this subchapter (except subheadings 9801.00.70 and 9801.00.80) shall not apply to any article:

(a) Exported with benefit of drawback;

(b) Of a kind with respect to the importation of which an internal-revenue tax is imposed at the time such article is entered,

unless such article was subject to an internal-revenue tax imposed upon production or importation at the time of its exportation
from the United States and it shall be proved that such tax was paid before exportation and was not refunded; or

(c) Manufactured or produced in the United States in a customs bonded warehouse or under heading 9813.00.05 and exported

under any provision of law.

2.

For the purposes of subheadings 9801.00.70 and 9801.00.80:

(a) When because of the destruction of customs records or for other cause it is impracticable to establish whether drawback

was allowed, or the amount allowed, on a returned article, there shall be assessed thereon an amount of duty equal to the
estimated drawback and internal-revenue tax which would be allowable or refundable if the imported merchandise used in
the manufacture or production of the returned article were dutiable or taxable at the rate applicable to such merchandise on
the date of entry, but in no case more than the duty and tax that would apply if the article were wholly of foreign origin;

(b) Tobacco products and cigarette papers and tubes classifiable under such subheading may be released from customs custody,
without payment of that part of duty attributable to the internal-revenue tax, for return to internal-revenue bond as provided
by section 5704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954; and

(c)

In order to facilitate the ascertainment and collection of the duty provided for, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
ascertain and specify the amounts of duty equal to drawback or internal-revenue tax which shall be applied to articles or
classes or kinds of articles, and to exempt from the assessment of duty articles or classes or kinds of articles with respect
to which the collection of such duty involves expense and inconvenience to the Government which is disproportionate to the
probable amount of such duty.

XXII
98-I-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9801.00.10

10

12

15

26

27

28

29

30

31

35

37

43

45

49

51

53

55
59

63

64

65

66

67

69

74

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Products of the United States when returned after having been
exported, or any other products when returned within 3 years
after having been exported, without having been advanced in
value or improved in condition by any process of manufacture
or other means while abroad.......................................................
Articles previously exported with intent to reimport after
temporary use abroad...........................................................

..................

Free

kg

Articles returned temporarily for repair, alteration,
processing or the like, the foregoing to be reexported.......

1/

Other:

Meat and poultry products provided for in chapter 2 or
1 6 ......................................................................................

Peanuts provided for in heading 1202..........................

Articles provided for in chapter 28................................

Articles provided for in chapter 30................................

Articles provided for in chapter 37................................

Articles provided for in chapter 71................................

Articles provided for in chapter 82................................

kg

kg

kg

kg

1/

1/

1/

Articles provided for in chapter 84:

Articles provided for in headings 8407.10, 8409.10,
8411 or 8412.10.......................................................

No. and kg

Articles provided for in subheadings 8419.33.10,
8419.34.00, 8424.41, 8424.49, 8424.82, 8424.90,
8429.11, 8429.19 or 8431.42 or headings 8432,
8433, 8434 or 8436..................................................

Articles provided for in headings 8470, 8471, 8472
or 8473.......................................................................

No.

No.

Other..........................................................................

1/

Articles provided for in chapter 85:

Articles provided for in headings 8501, 8502 or
8503...........................................................................

No.

Articles provided for in heading 8504....................

No.

Articles provided for in headings 8517, 8519, 8525,
8527 or 8529.............................................................

Other..........................................................................
Articles provided for in chapter 86................................

No.

1/

No.

Articles provided for in chapter 87:

Articles provided for in heading 8701....................

No.

Articles provided for in heading 8702....................

No.

Articles provided for in heading 8703....................

No.

Articles provided for in heading 8704....................

No.

Articles provided for in headings 8706, 8707 or
8708...........................................................................

No.

Articles provided for in headings 8705 or 8709.....

No.

Other..........................................................................

No.

1/ The quantities reported should be in the units provided in chapters 1-97.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9801.00.10
(con.)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-I-3

2

Products of the United States when returned after having been
exported, or any other products when returned within 3 years
after having been exported, without having been advanced in
value or improved in condition by any process of manufacture
or other means while abroad (con.)

Other: (con.)

Articles provided for in chapter 88:

75

77

79

89

90

92

94
97

98

Articles provided for in headings 8801 or 8802.....

No.

Articles provided for in heading 8804....................

kg

Articles provided for in headings 8805, 8806 or
8807...........................................................................
Articles provided for in chapter 89................................

Articles provided for in chapter 90................................

2/

No.

No.

Articles provided for in chapter 94:

Articles provided for in headings 9401, 9402 or
9403...........................................................................

No.

Other..........................................................................
Articles provided for in chapter 97................................

Other.................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

9801.00.11

00

9801.00.20

00

9801.00.25

00

United States Government property, returned to the United
States without having been advanced in value or improved in
condition by any means while abroad, entered by the United
States Government or a contractor to the United States
Government, and certified by the importer as United States
Government property...................................................................

Articles, previously imported, with respect to which the duty
was paid upon such previous importation or which were
previously free of duty pursuant to the Caribbean Basin
Economic Recovery Act or Title V of the Trade Act of 1974, if
(1) reimported, without having been advanced in value or
improved in condition by any process of manufacture or other
means while abroad, after having been exported under lease
or similar use agreements, and (2) reimported by or for the
account of the person who imported it into, and exported it
from, the United States................................................................

Articles, previously imported, with respect to which the duty
was paid upon such previous importation if (1) exported within
three years after the date of such previous importation, (2)
reimported without having been advanced in value or improved
in condition by any process of manufacture or other means
while abroad, (3) reimported for the reason that such articles
do not conform to sample or specifications, and (4) reimported
by or for the account of the person who imported them into,
and exported them from, the United States...............................

kg..............

Free

kg..............

Free

Free

kg..............

Free

Free

2/ Report data using the unit of quantity in the applicable subheading of chapter 88.
1/ The quantities reported should be in the units provided in chapters 1-97.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

kg..............

Free

Free

XXII
98-I-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9801.00.26

00

9801.00.30

00

9801.00.40

9801.00.50

9801.00.60

9801.00.65

1/

1/

1/

1/

Articles, previously imported, with respect to which the duty
was paid upon such previous importation, if: (1) exported within
3 years after the date of such previous importation; (2) sold for
exportation and exported to individuals for personal use; (3)
reimported without having been advanced in value or improved
in condition by any process of manufacture or other means
while abroad; (4) reimported as personal returns from those
individuals, whether or not consolidated with other personal
returns prior to reimportation; and (5) reimported by or for the
account of the person who exported them from the United
States within 1 year of such exportation....................................

Any aircraft engine or propeller, or any part or accessory of
either, previously imported, with respect to which the duty was
paid upon such previous importation, if (1) reimported without
having been advanced in value or improved in condition by
any process of manufacture or other means while abroad, after
having been exported under loan, lease or rent to an aircraft
owner or operator as a temporary replacement for an aircraft
engine being overhauled, repaired, rebuilt or reconditioned in
the United States, and (2) reimported by or for the account of
the person who exported it from the United States...................

Articles, when returned after having been exported for use
temporarily abroad solely for any of the following purposes, if
imported by or for the account of the person who exported
them:

Exhibition, examination or experimentation, for scientific
or educational purposes........................................................

Exhibition in connection with any circus or menagerie......

No.............

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

Exhibition or use at any public exposition, fair or
conference..............................................................................

..................

Free

Rendition of geophysical or contracting services in
connection with the exploration for, or the extraction or
development of, natural resources.......................................

..................

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Articles previously exported from the United States which--
except for U.S. note 1 of this subchapter--would qualify for free
entry under one of the foregoing items and are not otherwise
free of duty:

9801.00.70

00

Aircraft exported from the United States with benefit of
drawback or heading 9813.00.05........................................

kg..............

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

A duty equal to
the duty upon
the importation
of like articles
not previously
exported, but in
no case in
excess of the
sum of (a) any
customs
drawback
proved to have
been allowed
upon such
exportation, and
(b) the duty
which would
have been
payable on any
articles used in
the
manufacture or
production of
such aircraft
had they not
been entered
and exported
under heading
9813.00.05

XXII
98-I-5

2

A duty equal to
the duty upon
the
importation of
like articles
not
previously
exported, but
in no case in
excess of the
sum of (a)
any customs
drawback
proved to
have been
allowed upon
such
exportation,
and (b) the
duty which
would have
been payable
on any
articles used
in the
manufacture
or production
of such
aircraft had
they not been
entered and
exported
under
heading
9813.00.05

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-I-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

A duty (in lieu of
any other duty
or tax) equal to
the sum of any
duty and
internal-
revenue tax
imposed upon
the importation
of like articles
not previously
exported, but in
no case in
excess of the
sum of (a) any
customs
drawback
proved to have
been allowed
upon such
exportation of
the article, and
(b) any internal-
revenue tax
imposed, at the
time such
article is
entered, upon
the importation
of like articles
not previously
exported

A duty (in lieu
of any other
duty or tax)
equal to the
sum of any
duty and
internal-
revenue tax
imposed
upon the
importation of
like articles
not
previously
exported, but
in no case in
excess of the
sum of (a)
any customs
drawback
proved to
have been
allowed upon
such
exportation of
the article,
and (b) any
internal-
revenue tax
imposed, at
the time such
article is
entered,
upon the
importation of
like articles
not
previously
exported

Articles previously exported from the United States which--
except for U.S. note 1 of this subchapter--would qualify for free
entry under one of the foregoing items and are not otherwise
free of duty: (con.)

9801.00.80

Other, except articles excluded by U.S. note 1(c) of this
subchapter..............................................................................

..................

10

20

30

40

90

Nonalcoholic beer provided for in subheading
2202.91.00.......................................................................

Alcohol provided for in headings 2203, 2204, 2205,
2206, 2207, and 2208....................................................

Tobacco and tobacco products provided for in chapter
2 4 ......................................................................................

Cigarette paper provided for in heading 4813.............

Other.................................................................................

liters

liters

1/

1/

1/

1/ The quantities reported should be in the units provided in chapters 1-97.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9801.00.85

00

9801.00.90

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Professional books, implements, instruments, and tools of
trade, occupation, or employment, when returned to the United
States after having been exported for use temporarily abroad,
if imported by or for the account of the person who exported
such items......................................................................................

Animals, domesticated, straying across the boundary line into
any foreign country, or driven across such boundary line by
the owner for temporary pasturage purpose only, together with
their offspring; all the foregoing if brought back to the United
States within 8 months.................................................................

No.............

Free

No.............

Free

XXII
98-I-7

2

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER II

ARTICLES EXPORTED AND RETURNED, ADVANCED OR IMPROVED ABROAD

XXII
98-II-1

U.S. Notes

1. Except for goods subject to USMCA drawback this subchapter shall not apply to any article exported:

(a) From continuous customs custody with remission, abatement or refund of duty;

(b) With benefit of drawback;

(c) To comply with any law of the United States or regulation of any Federal agency requiring exportation; or

(d) After manufacture or production in the United States under heading 9813.00.05.

2.

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b), any product of the United States which is returned after having been advanced in value
or improved in condition abroad by any process of manufacture or other means, or any imported article which has been
assembled abroad in whole or in part of products of the United States, shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a
foreign article, and, if subject to a duty which is wholly or partly ad valorem, shall be dutiable, except as otherwise prescribed
in this part, on its full value determined in accordance with section 402 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended. If such product
or such article is dutiable at a rate dependent upon its value, the value for the purpose of determining the rate shall be its
full value under the said section 402.

(b) No article (except a textile article, apparel article, or petroleum, or any product derived from petroleum, provided for in heading

2709 or 2710) may be treated as a foreign article, or as subject to duty, if--

(i)

the article is--

(A) assembled or processed in whole of fabricated components that are a product of the United States, or

(B) processed in whole of ingredients (other than water) that are a product of the United States, in a beneficiary country;

and

(ii) neither the fabricated components, materials or ingredients, after exportation from the United States, nor the article itself,
before importation into the United States, enters the commerce of any foreign country other than a beneficiary country.

As used in this paragraph, the term "beneficiary country" means a country listed in general note 7(a).

3. Articles repaired, altered, processed or otherwise changed in condition abroad.--The following provisions apply only to subheadings

9802.00.40 through 9802.00.60, inclusive:

(a) The value of repairs, alterations, processing or other change in condition outside the United States shall be:

(i)

The cost to the importer of such change; or

(ii)

If no charge is made, the value of such change,

as set out in the invoice and entry papers; except that, if the appraiser concludes that the amount so set out does not represent
a reasonable cost or value, then the value of the change shall be determined in accordance with section 402 of the Tariff Act
of 1930, as amended.

(b) No appraisement of the imported article in its changed condition shall be required unless necessary to a determination of

the rate or rates of duty applicable to such article.

(c) The duty, if any, upon the value of the change in condition shall be at the rate which would apply to the article itself, as an

entirety without constructive separation of its components, in its condition as imported if it were not within the purview of this
subchapter. If the article, as returned to the United States, is subject to a specific or compound rate of duty, such rate shall
be converted to the ad valorem rate which when applied to the full value of such article determined in accordance with said
section 402 would provide the same amount of duties as the specific or compound rate. In order to compute the duties due,
the ad valorem rate so obtained shall be applied to the value of the change in condition made outside the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-II-2
U.S. Notes (con.)

(d) For the purposes of subheading 9802.00.40 and 9802.00.50, the rates of duty in the "Special" subcolumn of column 1

followed by the symbol "S" in parentheses shall apply to any goods which are returned to the United States after having
been repaired or altered in Canada or in Mexico, respectively, whether or not such goods are goods of Canada or goods of
Mexico under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule.

(e) For purposes of subheading 9802.00.60, the term "metal" covers (1) the base metals enumerated in note 3 to section XV;

(2) arsenic, barium, boron, calcium, mercury, selenium, silicon, strontium, tellurium, thorium, uranium and the rare-earth
elements; and (3) alloys of any of the foregoing.

(f)

(i)

For purposes of subheadings 9802.00.40 and 9802.00.50, fungible articles exported from the United States for the
purposes described in such subheadings--

(A) may be commingled; and

(B)

the origin, value, and classification of such articles may be accounted for using an inventory management method.

(ii)

If a person chooses to use an inventory management method under this paragraph with respect to fungible articles, the
person shall use the same inventory management method for any other articles with respect to which the person claims
fungibility under this paragraph.

(iii) For the purpose of this paragraph--

(A)

the term 'fungible articles' means merchandise or articles that, for commercial purposes, are identical or
interchangeable in all situations; and

(B)

the term 'inventory management method' means any method for managing inventory that is based on generally
accepted accounting principles.

4. Articles assembled abroad with components produced in the United States.--The following provisions apply only to headings

9802.00.80 and 9802.00.91:

(a) The value of the products of the United States assembled into the imported article shall be:

(i)

The cost of such products at the time of the last purchase; or

(ii)

If no charge is made, the value of such products at the time of the shipment for exportation,

as set out in the invoice and entry papers; except that, if the appraiser concludes that the amount so set out does not represent
a reasonable cost or value, then the value of such products shall be determined in accordance with section 402 of the Tariff
Act of 1930, as amended.

(b) The duty, if any, on the imported article shall be at the rate which would apply to the imported article itself, as an entirety

without constructive separation of its components, in its condition as imported if it were not within the purview of this subchapter.
If the imported article is subject to a specific or compound rate of duty, the total duties shall be reduced in such proportion
as the cost or value of such products of the United States bears to the full value of the imported article.

5. No imported article shall be accorded partial exemption from duty under more than one provision in this subchapter.

6. Notwithstanding the partial exemption from ordinary customs duties on the value of the metal product exported from the United

States provided under subheading 9802.00.60, articles imported under subheading 9802.00.60 are subject to all other duties,
and any other restrictions or limitations, imposed pursuant to title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.), or chapter
1 of title II or chapter 1 of title III of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq., 19 U.S.C. 2411 et seq.).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-II-3

U.S. Notes (con.)

7.

(a)

[Compiler’s note: The AGOA program expired on September 30, 2025. See section 103 of the Trade Preferences
Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114-27).] For purposes of the special tariff treatment authorized by the African Growth and
Opportunity Act (AGOA) (title I of Pub.L. No. 106-200) for certain goods of heading 9802.00.80 imported directly from those
beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries previously designated by proclamation that are subsequently enumerated in a
notice published in the Federal Register by the United States Trade Representative (USTR) as having been determined to
have satisfied the requirements of the AGOA and therefore to be afforded such tariff treatment, the duty-free treatment
indicated for such heading shall apply only to apparel articles sewn or otherwise assembled in one or more such beneficiary
countries from fabrics wholly formed and cut, or from components knit-to-shape, in the United States, from yarns wholly
formed in the United States, or both (including fabrics not formed from yarns, if such fabrics are classifiable under heading
5602 or 5603 of chapter 56 and are wholly formed and cut in the United States). Articles otherwise eligible to enter under
this heading, and which satisfy the conditions set forth in U.S. note 3 to subchapter XIX of this chapter, shall not be ineligible
to enter under this heading. Such countries shall be enumerated in this note whenever the USTR issues a Federal Register
notice as described herein. Articles covered by the provisions of this note shall be eligible to enter the customs territory of
the United States free of quantitative limitations. The USTR has determined that the following countries have adopted an
effective visa system and related procedures and have satisfied the customs requirements of the AGOA and, therefore, are
to be afforded the tariff treatment provided for in this note:

Benin, Botswana, Cape Verde, Chad, Cote d'Ivoire, Eswatini, Ghana, Kenya, Lesotho, Republic of Liberia, Madagascar,
Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Tanzania, Togo, Zambia

(b) (i)

For purposes of heading 9802.00.80, duty-free treatment shall be accorded to the following articles imported directly
from a beneficiary United States-Caribbean Basin Trade Partnership Act (CBTPA) country previously designated by the
President in a proclamation issued pursuant to such Act and enumerated in general note 17(a) to the tariff schedule--

(A) apparel articles sewn or otherwise assembled in one or more such beneficiary countries from fabrics wholly formed
and cut, or from components knit-to-shape, in the United States, from yarns wholly formed in the United States, or
both (including fabrics not formed from yarns, if such fabrics are classifiable under heading 5602 or 5603 of chapter
56 and are wholly formed and cut in the United States) provided they otherwise comply with the provisions of this
note; or

(B)

textile luggage assembled in a designated beneficiary country from fabric wholly formed and cut in the United States,
from yarns wholly formed in the United States.

Articles otherwise eligible to enter under this heading, and which satisfy the conditions set forth in U.S. note 3 to subchapter
XX of this chapter, shall not be ineligible to enter under this heading. Articles covered by the terms of this note shall be
admitted into the customs territory of the United States free of quantitative limitations. Apparel articles entered on or after
September 1, 2002, that are assembled in a beneficiary CBTPA country from knitted or crocheted fabrics or from woven
fabrics shall be eligible to receive the duty treatment provided for in this note only if all dyeing, printing and finishing of
such fabrics from which the articles are assembled is carried out in the United States. The following countries have been
determined by the USTR to have satisfied the customs requirements of the CBTPA and, therefore, to be afforded the
tariff treatment provided for in this note:

Barbados, Belize, Curaçao, Guyana, Haiti, Jamaica, Saint Lucia, Trinidad and Tobago

(ii) Articles that undergo production in a CBTPA beneficiary country and a former CBTPA beneficiary country.

(A) For purposes of determining the eligibility of an article for preferential treatment under this subdivision, references

to--

(1) a "CBTPA beneficiary country" shall be considered to include any former CBPTA beneficiary country, and

(2)

"CBTPA beneficiary countries" shall be considered to include former CBTPA beneficiary countries,

if the article, or a good used in the production of the article, undergoes production in a CBPTA beneficiary country.

(B) An article that is eligible for preferential treatment under subdivision (ii)(A) of this note shall not be ineligible for such

treatment because the article is imported directly from a former CBTPA beneficiary country.

(C) Notwithstanding subdivisions (e)(ii)(A) and (e)(ii)(B), an article that is a good of a former CBTPA beneficiary country

for purposes of section 304 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304) or section 334 of the Uruguay Round
Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3592), as the case may be, shall not be eligible for preferential treatment under this
note. 

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-II-4
U.S. Notes (con.)

(D) (1) The term "former CBTPA beneficiary country" means a country that ceases to be designated as a CBTPA

beneficiary country under this note because the country has become a party to a free trade agreement with the
United States.

(2) For the purposes of this subdivision, the following countries are former CBTPA beneficiary countries:

El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua
Dominican Republic
Costa Rica
Panama

(E) Notwithstanding subdivision (ii)(C) of this note, an article shall be eligible for preferential treatment under this note

if--

(1)

the article is a good of Dominican Republic for purposes of section 304 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C.
1304) or section 334 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3592), as the case may be, and

(2)

the article, or a good used in the production of the article, undergoes production in Haiti.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-II-5

Statistical Notes

1.

For articles admitted under statistical reporting number 9802.00.6000, 9802.00.8015, 9802.00.8016 or 9802.00.8069 two values
shall be reported--the first following the first statistical reporting number of the statistical citation (i.e., 9802.00.6000, 9802.00.8015,
9802.00.8016 or 9802.00.8069) and the second following the statistical reporting number of the provision in chapters 1-97 from
which the rate of duty is derived, as follows:

(a) For statistical reporting number 9802.00.6000:

(i)

The total value of the article less the value of the foreign processing; and

(ii) The dutiable value, i.e., the value of the foreign processing, respectively.

(b) For statistical reporting number 9802.00.8015, 9802.00.8016 or 9802.00.8069:

(i)

The value of the U.S. fabricated components; and

(ii) The dutiable value, i.e., the total value of the articles less the value of the U.S. fabricated components, respectively.

2.

For articles for which duty free treatment is claimed under U.S. note 2(b) or 7 to subchapter II of this chapter, the citation to be
used in statistical reporting shall be the 10-digit statistical reporting number provided in this subchapter followed by the reporting
number of the provision in chapters 1 through 97 which would ordinarily apply to the articles. The unit of quantity reported
hereunder for such articles shall be the same as the unit of quantity for the provision from chapters 1 through 97.

For articles admitted under statistical reporting numbers 9802.00.5010, 9802.00.8040, 9802.00.8042, 9802.00.8044, 9802.00.8046
and 9802.00.8048 two values shall be reported--the first following the first statistical reporting number of the statistical citation
(i.e., 9802.00.5010, 9802.00.8040, 9802.00.8042, 9802.00.8044, 9802.00.8046 or 9802.00.8048) and the second following the
statistical reporting number of the provision in chapters 1-97 which would ordinarily apply:

(a) For statistical reporting number 9802.00.5010:

(i)

The total value of the article less the value of the foreign processing; and

(ii) The dutiable value, i.e., the value of the foreign processing, respectively.

(b) For statistical reporting numbers 9802.00.8040, 9802.00.8042, 9802.00.8044, 9802.00.8046 and 9802.00.8048:

(i)

The value of the U.S. fabricated components or materials; and

(ii) The dutiable value, i.e., the total value of the articles less the value of the U.S. fabricated components, respectively.

3.

For articles admitted under statistical reporting number 9802.00.9100 the citation to be used in statistical reporting shall be
9802.00.9100 followed by the statistical reporting number of the provision in chapters 1-97 which would ordinarily apply to the
articles. The unit of quantity reported hereunder for such articles shall be the same as the unit of quantity for the provision from
chapters 1 to 97. In addition, two values shall be reported--the first following statistical reporting number 9802.00.9100 and the
second following the statistical reporting number from chapters 1-97, as follows:

(a) The value of the products of the United States assembled into the imported articles; and

(b) The total value of the articles less the value of the products of the United States assembled into the imported articles,

respectively.

XXII
98-II-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9802.00.20

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Photographic films and dry plates manufactured in the United
States (except motion-picture films to be used for commercial
purposes) and exposed abroad, whether developed or not.....

Articles returned to the United States after having been
exported to be advanced in value or improved in condition by
any process of manufacture or other means:

Articles exported for repairs or alterations:

No.............

Free

Free

9802.00.40

Repairs or alterations made pursuant to a warranty....

..................

201/

401/

Internal combustion engines...................................

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

9802.00.50

Other.................................................................................

..................

Free (AU, B, BH, C,
CL, CO, IL, JO,
KR, MA, OM, P,
PA, PE, S, SG)4/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)4/

A duty upon the
value of the
repairs or
alterations (see
U.S. note 3 of
this
subchapter)4/

A duty upon the
value of the
repairs or
alterations (see
U.S. note 3 of
this
subchapter)4/

A duty upon
the value of
the repairs or
alterations
(see U.S.
note 3 of this
subchapter)

A duty upon
the value of
the repairs
oralterations
(see U.S.
note 3 of this
subchapter)

102/

301/

60 1/
00 1/

9802.00.60

Articles for which duty free treatment is claimed
under U.S. note 2(b) to this subchapter.................

Other:

Internal combustion engines.............................

Other...................................................................

Any article of metal (as defined in U.S. note 3(e) of this
subchapter) manufactured in the United States or
subjected to a process of manufacture in the United States,
if exported for further processing, and if the exported article
as processed outside the United States, or the article which
results from the processing outside the United States, is
returned to the United States for further processing..........

2/

1/

1/

1/3/

A duty upon the
value of such
processing
outside the
United States
(see U.S. note
3 of this
subchapter)4/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, SG)

A duty upon the
value of such
processing outside
the United States
(see U.S. note 3 of
this subchapter) (B,
C)4/

A duty upon
the value of
such
processing
outside the
United States
(see U.S.
note 3 of this
subchapter)

4/ See 9903.88.01 and 9903.88.02

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 2.
3/ See subchapter II statistical note 1.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9802.00.80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-II-7

2

Articles, except goods of heading 9802.00.91 and goods
imported under provisions of subchapter XIX of this chapter
and goods imported under provisions of subchapter XX,
assembled abroad in whole or in part of fabricated components,
the product of the United States, which (a) were exported in
condition ready for assembly without further fabrication, (b)
have not lost their physical identity in such articles by change
in form, shape or otherwise, and (c) have not been advanced
in value or improved in condition abroad except by being
assembled and except by operations incidental to the assembly
process such as cleaning, lubricating and painting..................

..................

A duty upon the
full value of the
imported article,
less the cost or
value of such
products of the
United States
(see U.S. Note
4 of this
subchapter)4/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

A duty upon the full

value of the
imported article,
less the cost or
value of such
products of the
United States (see
U.S. note 4 of this
subchapter) (B, C,
E)4/

A duty upon

the full value
of the
imported
article, less
the cost or
value of such
products of
the United
States (see
U.S. note 4 of
this
subchapter)

151/

161/

403/

42 3/

443/

463/

483/

Articles eligible pursuant to bilateral textile agreements for
entry under a Special Access Program and entered in
compliance with procedures established by the Committee
for the Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA).......

Articles eligible pursuant to bilateral textile agreements for
entry under the Outward Processing Programs and entered
in compliance with procedures established by the
Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements
(CITA)......................................................................................

1/2/

1/2/

Articles for which duty free treatment is claimed under U.S.
note 2(b) to this subchapter..................................................

3/

Articles for which duty free treatment is claimed under U.S.
note 7(a) to this subchapter [Compiler’s note: The
effective period for this heading ended September
30, 2025.]................................................................................

Articles for which duty free treatment is claimed under U.S.
note 7(b)(i) to this subchapter..............................................

Articles for which duty free treatment is claimed under U.S.
note 7(b)(ii) to this subchapter..............................................

Articles for which duty free treatment is claimed under U.S.
note 7(c) to this subchapter..................................................

3/

3/

3/

3/

69 1/

Other........................................................................................

1/2/

4/ See 9903.88.01 and 9903.88.02

3/ See subchapter II statistical note 2.
1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 2.
2/ See subchapter II statistical note 1.

XXII
98-II-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9802.00.91

00 1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Textile and apparel goods, assembled in Mexico in which all
fabric components, excluding visible lining fabrics, were wholly
formed and cut in the United States, provided that such fabric
components, in whole or in part, (a) were exported in condition
ready for assembly without further fabrication, (b) have not lost
their physical identity in such articles by change in form, shape
or otherwise, and (c) have not been advanced in value or
improved in condition abroad except by being assembled and
except by operations incidental to the assembly process;
provided that the goods classifiable in chapters 61, 62 or 63
may have been subject to bleaching, garment dyeing,
stone-washing, acid-washing or perma-pressing after
assembly........................................................................................

1/

Free (See U.S. note

4 of this
subchapter)

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 2.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER III

SUBSTANTIAL CONTAINERS OR HOLDERS

XXII
98-III-1

U.S. Notes

1.

This subchapter covers only the following:

(a) Substantial containers or holders which are subject to tariff treatment as imported articles and are:

(i)

Imported empty and not within the purview of a provision which specifically exempts them from duty; or

(ii)

Imported containing or holding articles, and which are not of a kind normally sold therewith or are entered separately
therefrom; and

(b) Certain repair components, accessories and equipment.

2.

This subchapter does not apply to any container or holder:

(a) Exported with benefit of drawback and returned empty; or

(b) Manufactured or produced in the United States in a customs bonded warehouse or under heading 9813.00.05 and exported

under any provision of law.

3.

In order to facilitate the prompt clearance at ports of entry of substantial containers and holders provided for in this subchapter,
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized:

(a) To permit the admission thereof without entry if readily identifiable as meeting the conditions of free entry set forth in this

subchapter; and

(b) To permit any duties thereon to be paid cumulatively from time to time either before or after their importation when conditions

exist which permit adequate customs controls to be maintained.

4.

Instruments of international traffic, such as containers, lift vans, rail cars and locomotives, truck cabs and trailers, etc. are exempt
from formal entry procedures but are required to be accounted for when imported and exported into and out of the United States,
respectively, through the manifesting procedures required for all international carriers by the United States Customs Service.
Fees associated with the importation of such instruments of international traffic shall be reported and paid on a periodic basis
as required by regulations issued by the Secretary of the Treasury and in accordance with 1956 Customs Convention on
Containers (20 UST 30; TIAS 6634).

XXII
98-III-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9803.00.50

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Substantial containers and holders, if products of the United
States (including shooks and staves of United States
production when returned as boxes or barrels containing
merchandise), or if of foreign production and previously
imported and duty (if any) thereon paid, or if of a class specified
by the Secretary of the Treasury as instruments of international
traffic, repair components for containers of foreign production
which are instruments of international traffic, and accessories
and equipment for such containers, whether the accessories
and equipment are imported with a container to be reexported
separately or with another container, or imported separately
to be reexported with a container................................................

..................

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER IV

PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS EXTENDED TO RESIDENTS
AND NONRESIDENTS

XXII
98-IV-1

U.S. Notes

1.

If:

(a) Any jewelry or similar articles of personal adornment having an aggregate value of $300 or more which have been exempted

from duty under subheading 9804.00.20 is sold within 3 years after the date of importation; or

(b) Any article which has been exempted from duty under subheading 9804.00.35 is sold within 1 year after the date of importation;

or

(c) Any automobile exempted from duty under subheading 9804.00.60 is used otherwise than for the purpose therein expressed

or is not returned abroad within the time and manner prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury,

without prior payment to the United States of the duty which would have been payable at the time of entry if the article had been
entered without the benefit of any of these subheadings, such article, or its value (to be recovered from the importer), shall be
subject to forfeiture. An article sold pursuant to a judicial order or in liquidation of the estate of a decedent shall not be subject to
the provisions of this note.

2.

In the case of persons arriving from a contiguous country which maintains a free zone or free port, if the Secretary of the Treasury
deems it necessary in the public interest and to facilitate enforcement of the requirement that the exemption in subheading
9804.00.70 shall apply only to articles acquired as an incident of the foreign journey, he shall prescribe by regulation or instruction,
the application of which may be restricted to one or more ports of entry, that such exemption shall be allowed only to residents
who have remained beyond the territorial limits of the United States for not less than a specified period, not to exceed 24 hours,
and, after the expiration of 90 days after the date of such regulation or instruction, allowance of the said exemption shall be
subject to the limitations so prescribed.

3. A person arriving in the United States:

(a) On duty as an employee of a vessel, vehicle or aircraft, engaged in international traffic, or

(b) From a trip during which he was so employed,

shall not be entitled to the exemptions provided for in this subchapter (other than those in heading 9804.00.80), unless he is
permanently leaving such employment without the intention of resuming it on the same or another carrier.

4. As used in subheading 9804.00.72, the term "beneficiary country" means a country listed in general notes 7(a) or 11(a).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-IV-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9804.00.05

1/

Articles imported by or for the account of any person arriving
in the United States from a foreign country:

Books, libraries, usual and reasonable furniture and similar
household effects, if actually used abroad by him or by him
and his family not less than one year, and not intended for
any other person, or for sale.................................................

..................

Free

9804.00.10

1/

Professional books, implements, instruments and tools of
trade, occupation or employment, which have been taken
abroad by him or for his account..........................................

..................

Free

Free

Free

9804.00.15

1/

9804.00.20

1/

9804.00.25

1/

9804.00.30

1/

9804.00.35

1/

9804.00.40

1/

Articles by or for the account of any person emigrating from a
foreign country to the United States:

Professional books, implements, instruments and tools of
trade, occupation or employment (not including theatrical
scenery, properties or apparel, and not including articles
for use in any manufacturing establishment, for any other
person or for sale), owned and used by him abroad..........

Articles imported by or for the account of any person arriving
in the United States who is not a returning resident thereof:
Wearing apparel, articles of personal adornment, toilet
articles and similar personal effects; all the foregoing, if
actually owned by and in the possession of such person
abroad at the time of or prior to his departure for the United
States, and if appropriate for his own personal use and
intended only for such use and not for any other person
nor for sale..............................................................................

Not over 50 cigars, or 200 cigarettes, or 2 kilograms of
smoking tobacco or a proportionate amount of each, and
not over 1 liter of alcoholic beverages, when brought in by
an adult nonresident for his own consumption...................

Not exceeding $100 in value of articles (not including
alcoholic beverages and cigarettes but including not more
than 100 cigars) accompanying such person to be
disposed of by him as bona fide gifts, if such person has
not claimed an exemption under this subheading
9804.00.30 within the 6 months immediately preceding his
arrival and he intends to remain in the United States for
not less than 72 hours...........................................................

Automobiles, trailers, aircraft, motorcycles, bicycles, baby
carriages, boats, horse-drawn conveyances, horses and
similar means of transportation, and the usual equipment
accompanying the foregoing; any of the foregoing imported
in connection with the arrival of such person and to be used
in the United States only for the transportation of such
person, his family and guests, and such incidental carriage
of articles as may be appropriate to his personal use of the
conveyance.............................................................................

Not exceeding $200 in value of articles (including not more
than 4 liters of alcoholic beverages) accompanying such
a person who is in transit to a place outside United States
customs territory and who will take the articles with him to
such place...............................................................................

..................

Free

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

Free

Free

..................

Free

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Articles imported by or for the account of any person arriving
in the United States who is a returning resident thereof
(including American citizens who are residents of American
Samoa, Guam or the Virgin Islands of the United States):

All personal and household effects taken abroad by him
or for his account....................................................................

..................

Free

Articles of metal (including medals, trophies and prizes),
bestowed upon him abroad, as honorary distinctions, by
foreign countries or citizens of foreign countries................

..................

Free

Game animals (including birds and fish) killed abroad by
him and imported by him for noncommercial purposes......

..................

Free

9804.00.45

9804.00.50

1/

1/

9804.00.55

1/

9804.00.60

1/

XXII
98-IV-3

2

Free

Free

Free

Automobiles rented by any resident of the United States
while abroad and imported for the transportation of such
resident, his family and guests, and such incidental
carriage of articles as may be appropriate to his personal
use of the automobile.............................................................

..................

Free (BH, CL, CO,

IL, KR, MA, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

Free, for such
temporary
periods as the
Secretary of the
Treasury by
regulation may
prescribe

Free, for such
temporary
periods as
the Secretary
of the
Treasury by
regulation
may
prescribe

Other articles acquired abroad as an incident of the journey
from which the person is returning if such person arrives
from the Virgin Islands of the United States or from a
contiguous country which maintains a free zone or free
port, or arrives from any other country after having
remained beyond the United States for a period of not less
than 48 hours, for his personal or household use, but not
imported for the account of any other person nor intended
for sale, if declared in accordance with regulations of the
Secretary of the Treasury and if such person has not
claimed, an exemption under subheadings 9804.00.65,
9804.00.70 and 9804.00.72 within 30 days preceding his
arrival, and claims exemption under only one of such items
on his arrival:

Articles, accompanying a person, not over $800 in
aggregate fair retail value in the country of acquisition,
including (but only in the case of an individual who has
attained the age of 21) not more than 1 liter of alcoholic
beverages and including not more than 200 cigarettes
and 100 cigars.................................................................

9804.00.65

1/

..................

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-IV-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles imported by or for the account of any person arriving
in the United States who is a returning resident thereof
(including American citizens who are residents of American
Samoa, Guam or the Virgin Islands of the United States): (con.)
Other articles acquired abroad as an incident of the journey
from which the person is returning if such person arrives
from the Virgin Islands of the United States or from a
contiguous country which maintains a free zone or free
port, or arrives from any other country after having
remained beyond the United States for a period of not less
than 48 hours, for his personal or household use, but not
imported for the account of any other person nor intended
for sale, if declared in accordance with regulations of the
Secretary of the Treasury and if such person has not
claimed, an exemption under subheadings 9804.00.65,
9804.00.70 and 9804.00.72 within 30 days preceding his
arrival, and claims exemption under only one of such items
on his arrival: (con.)

Articles whether or not accompanying a person, not
over $1600 in aggregate fair market value in the
country of acquisition, including:(a) but only in the case
of an individual who has attained the age of 21, not
more than 5 liters of alcoholic beverages, not more
than 1 liter of which shall have been acquired
elsewhere than in American Samoa, Guam or the
Virgin Islands of the United States, and not more than
4 liters of which shall have been produced elsewhere
than in such insular possessions, and (b) not more
than 1,000 cigarettes, not more than 200 of which shall
have been acquired elsewhere than in such insular
possessions, and not more than 100 cigars, if such
person arrives directly or indirectly from such insular
possessions, not more than $800 of which shall have
been acquired elsewhere than in such insular
possessions (but this subheading does not permit the
entry of articles not accompanying a person which
were acquired elsewhere than in such insular
possessions)....................................................................

Articles whether or not accompanying a person, not
over $800 in aggregate fair market value in the country
of acquisition, including- (a) but only in the case of an
individual who has attained the age of 21, not more
than 1 liter of alcoholic beverages or not more than 2
liters if at least one liter is the product of one or more
beneficiary countries, and (b) not more than 200
cigarettes, and not more than 100 cigars, if such
person arrives directly from a beneficiary country (but
this item does not permit the entry of articles not
accompanying a person which were acquired
elsewhere than in beneficiary countries)......................

9804.00.70

1/

9804.00.72

1/

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

..................

Free

Free

..................

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-IV-5

2

Articles imported by or for the account of any person arriving
in the United States who is a returning resident thereof
(including American citizens who are residents of American
Samoa, Guam or the Virgin Islands of the United States): (con.)
Any article imported to replace a like article of comparable
value previously exempted from duty under subheading
9804.00.70, if the article previously exempted shall have
been exported, under such supervision as the Secretary
may prescribe, within 60 days after its importation because
it was found by the importer to be unsatisfactory...............

Articles (including not over 50 cigars, or 300 cigarettes, or 2
kilograms of smoking tobacco or a proportionate amount of
each, and not over 1 liter of alcoholic beverages), reasonable
and appropriate, and intended exclusively, for the bona fide
personal use of, and (except for articles consumed in use) to
be taken out of the United States by, any person arriving in the
United States who is leaving a vessel, vehicle or aircraft,
engaged in international traffic, on which he is employed, with
the intention of resuming such employment..............................

Personal and household effects, not stock in trade, the title to
which at the time of importation is in the estate of a citizen of
the United States who died abroad............................................

..................

Free

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

Free

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9804.00.75

1/

9804.00.80

1/

9804.00.85

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER V

PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS EXTENDED TO
UNITED STATES PERSONNEL AND EVACUEES

XXII
98-V-1

XXII
98-V-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9805.00.50

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

The personal and household effects (with such limitation on
the importation of alcoholic beverages and tobacco products
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe) of any person
in the service of the United States who returns to the United
States upon the termination of assignment to extended duty
(as defined in regulations issued in connection with this
provision) at a post or station outside the customs territory of
the United States, or of returning members of his family who
have resided with him at such post or station, or of any person
evacuated to the United States under Government orders or
instructions....................................................................................

..................

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER VI

PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS EXTENDED TO DISTINGUISHED VISITORS AND TO
PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS OR INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS

XXII
98-VI-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

4.

The term "baggage and effects," as used in this subchapter, includes all articles which were in the possession abroad, and are
being imported in connection with the arrival, of a person and which are intended for his bona fide personal or household use,
but does not include articles imported as an accommodation to others or for sale or other commercial use.

The privileges of heading 9806.00.35 are limited to such personal effects and equipment as are necessary for the occasion and
temporary visit, and are to be exported no later than 30 days after the conclusion of the public demonstration.

The term "articles entered for the personal or family use," as used in this subchapter, does not include articles imported as an
accommodation to others or for sale or other commercial use.

The privileges provided for in this subchapter for representatives, officers, employees and members of the armed forces, of
foreign governments, their families, suites and servants, shall be accorded only if their government grants reciprocal privileges
to United States personnel of comparable status.

XXII
98-VI-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9806.00.05

1/

9806.00.10

9806.00.15

1/

1/

9806.00.20

1/

9806.00.25

1/

9806.00.30

1/

9806.00.35

1/

9806.00.40

1/

9806.00.45

9806.00.50

1/

1/

9806.00.55

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Baggage and effects of the following persons who are aliens:

Upon the request of the Department of State,
ambassadors, ministers, charge d'affaires, secretaries,
counselors, attaches and other representatives, officers
and employees of foreign governments, accredited to the
United States or en route to or from other countries to which
accredited, and their immediate families, suites and
servants...................................................................................

..................

Free

Upon the request of the Department of State, diplomatic
couriers of foreign governments...........................................

..................

Free

Upon the request of the Department of State,
representatives of foreign governments in or to, and officers
and employees of, organizations designated by the
President of the United States as public international
organizations pursuant to section 1 of the International
Organizations Immunities Act (22 U.S.C. 288), and their
immediate families, suites and servants..............................

Persons on duty in the United States as members of the
armed forces of any foreign country and their immediate
families....................................................................................

Upon the request of the Department of State, persons
designated by the Department of State as high officials of
foreign governments or distinguished foreign visitors and
their immediate families.........................................................

Upon the request of the Department of State, persons
designated pursuant to statute or pursuant to treaties
ratified by the United States Senate....................................

Upon the request of the Department of State, personal effects
and equipment of groups or delegations of foreign residents
arriving in the United States on goodwill visits of short duration
to participate in patriotic celebrations, festivals and other
demonstrations of public interest and which will be exported
or destroyed at the conclusion of the visit..................................

Articles entered for the personal or family use of the following
persons who are aliens on duty in the United States:
Upon the request of the Department of State,
ambassadors, ministers, charge d'affaires, secretaries,
counselors and attaches of foreign embassies and
legations..................................................................................

Members of the armed forces of any foreign country........

..................

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

Upon the request of the Department of State, other
representatives, officers and employees of foreign
governments...........................................................................

Upon the request of the Department of State, persons
designated pursuant to statute or pursuant to treaties
ratified by the United States Senate....................................

..................

Free

..................

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER VII

OTHER PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS

XXII
98-VII-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-VII-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9807.00.40

1/

9807.00.50

1/

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles of metal (including medals, trophies and prizes), for
bestowal on persons in the United States, as honorary
distinctions, by foreign countries or citizens of foreign
countries........................................................................................

Upon the request of the Department of State, articles from
citizens of foreign countries for presentation to the President
or Vice President of the United States.......................................

..................

Free

..................

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER VIII

IMPORTATIONS OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT

XXII
98-VIII-1

U.S. Note

1. With respect to subheading 9808.00.80, goods brought into the customs territory of the United States by the National Aeronautics
and Space Administration from space or from a foreign country as part of an international program of the National Aeronautics
and Space Administration shall not be considered an importation, and an entry of such materials shall not be required.

Statistical Note

1.

For any article classifiable under subheadings 9808.00.30, 9808.00.40, 9808.00.50 or 9808.00.70, the statistical reporting number
shall consist of the 10-digit number provided therefor in this subchapter followed by the statistical reporting number for the
provision which would have applied to such article if it were not classifiable in the subchapter, and the unit of quantity to be
reported is the unit shown for such article in such other provision. For example, the statistical reporting number for 10 new military
cargo transports, of an unladen weight not exceeding 2,000 kg, imported as emergency war materials shall be 9808.00.3000 -
8802.20.0120 and the quantity shall be reported as 10.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-VIII-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9808.00.10

00

9808.00.20

00

Articles for the use of any agency of the United States
Government:

Engravings, etchings, photographic prints, whether bound
or unbound, recorded video tapes and exposed
photographic films (including motion-picture films) whether
or not developed; official government publications in the
form of microfilm, microfiches, or similar film media..........

Articles for the Department of State:

Sound recordings and recorded video tapes for use by it
in the program authorized by the United States Information
and Educational Exchange Act of 1948 (22 U.S.C.
1431-1479).............................................................................

No.............

Free

No.............

Free

Articles for military departments:

9808.00.30

001/

Materials certified to the Commissioner of Customs by the
authorized procuring agencies to be emergency war
material purchased abroad...................................................

1/

9808.00.40

001/

9808.00.50

001/

Articles for the General Services Administration:

Materials certified by it to the Commissioner of Customs
to be strategic and critical materials procured under the
Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C.
98-98h)....................................................................................

1/

Articles for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission or the
Department of Energy:

Materials certified by it to the Commissioner of Customs
to be source materials the entry of which is necessary in
the interest of the common defense and security...............

1/

Articles for the use of the Department of Agriculture or of the
United States Botanic Garden:

Free

Free

Free

9808.00.60

00

Plants, seeds and all other material for planting.................

kg..............

Free

9808.00.70

001/

Articles for the Commodity Credit Corporation:

Materials certified by it to the Commissioner of Customs
to be strategic materials acquired by that agency as a result
of barter or exchange of agricultural commodities or
products..................................................................................

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

9808.00.80

00

Articles for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
and articles imported to implement international programs
between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
and foreign entities, including launch services agreements:
Goods certified by it to the Commissioner of Customs to
be imported for the use of the National Aeronautics and
Space Administration or for the implementation of an
international program of the National Aeronautics and
Space Administration, including articles to be launched
into space and parts thereof, ground support equipment
and uniquely associated equipment for use in connection
with an international program of the National Aeronautics
and Space Administration, including launch services
agreements.............................................................................

..................

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER IX

IMPORTATIONS OF FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS AND INTERNATIONAL
ORGANIZATIONS

U.S. Note

1.

The term "public international organization," as used in this subchapter, means an organization so designated by the President
pursuant to section 1 of the International Organizations Immunities Act (22 U.S.C. 288).

XXII
98-IX-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

..................

Free

Free

XXII
98-IX-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9809.00.10

1/

9809.00.20

1/

Public documents, whether or not in the form of microfilm,
microfiches, or similar film media (including exposed and
developed motion picture and other films, recorded video tapes
and sound recordings) issued essentially at the instance and
expense of a foreign government, of a political subdivision of
a foreign country or of an international organization the
membership of which includes two or more foreign countries..

Articles for foreign governments on a reciprocal basis and for
public international organizations:

Upon the request of the Department of State, office
supplies and equipment and other articles for the official
use of representatives of foreign governments or of
personnel of public international organizations, on duty in
the United States....................................................................

..................

Free

9809.00.30

1/

Articles for the official use of members of the armed forces
of any foreign country on duty in the United States............

..................

Free

9809.00.40

1/

9809.00.50

1/

9809.00.60

9809.00.70

1/

1/

Upon the request of the Department of State, articles (other
than communications satellites and parts thereof) which are
the property of a foreign government or of a public international
organization:

Articles which, while in the United States, will remain the
property of such government or of such organization and
will be used only in connection with noncommercial
functions of such government or of such organization,
including exhibitions which are sponsored by or
participated in by such government or such organization
and which are not commercial in character or connected
with commercial undertakings..............................................

Prosthetic appliances furnished by a foreign government
to former members of its armed forces who reside in the
United States..........................................................................

..................

Free

..................

Free

Headstones furnished by a foreign government for graves
of its war veterans buried in the United States...................

..................

Free

Articles for presentation as gifts to the United States
Government, to any State or local government or to any
public institution organized in the United States................

..................

Free

9809.00.80

1/

Printed matter, not containing advertising matter, for free
distribution..............................................................................

..................

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER X

IMPORTATIONS OF RELIGIOUS, EDUCATIONAL, SCIENTIFIC
AND OTHER INSTITUTIONS

XXII
98-X-1

U.S. Notes

1. Except as provided in subheading 9810.00.20 and headings 9810.00.70, 9810.00.85, 9810.00.90 and 9810.00.95, or as otherwise
provided for in this U.S. note, the articles covered by this subchapter must be exclusively for the use of the institutions involved,
and not for distribution, sale or other commercial use within 5 years after being entered. Articles admitted under any provision
in this subchapter may be transferred from an institution specified with respect to such articles to another such institution, or may
be exported or destroyed under customs supervision, without duty liability being incurred. However, if any such article (other
than an article provided for in subheading 9810.00.20 or heading 9810.00.70) is transferred other than as provided by the
preceding sentence, or is used for commercial purposes, within 5 years after being entered, the institution for which such article
was entered shall promptly notify customs officers at the port of entry and shall be liable for the payment of duty on such article
in an amount determined on the basis of its condition as imported and the rate applicable to it (determined without regard to this
subchapter) when entered. If, with a view to a transfer (other than a transfer permitted by the second sentence) or the use for
commercial purposes of an instrument or apparatus, a repair component admitted under subheading 9810.00.65 has been
assembled into such instrument or apparatus, such component shall, for purposes of the preceding sentence, be treated as a
separate article.

2.

The term "regalia," as used in this subchapter, (subheadings 9810.00.15 and 9810.00.45) embraces only such insignia of rank
or office, emblems or other articles as may be worn upon the person or borne in the hand during public exercises of the institution,
and does not include articles of furniture or fixtures, nor regular wearing apparel, nor personal property of individuals.

3. Architectural, engineering, industrial or commercial drawings and plans, and reproductions thereof, are not covered by this

subchapter unless they are intended solely for exhibition or for educational use under subheading 9810.00.30 (see chapter 49).

4. Painted, colored or stained glass windows, and parts thereof, not covered by subheading 9810.00.10 are provided for in chapter

70.

5. Subchapter XII of this chapter contains provisions under which certain institutions may import articles free of duty for permanent

exhibition under bond.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-X-2
U.S. Notes (con.)

6.

(a) The term "instruments and apparatus" (subheading 9810.00.60) embraces only instruments and apparatus which are both

provided for and dutiable in:

(i)

Chapter 39:

heading 3914;

(ii)

Chapter 69:

subheadings 6909.11 through 6909.90, and subheadings 6914.10 and 6914.90;

(iii)

Chapter 70:

subheadings 7017.10 through 7017.90, and heading 7020.00;

(iv)

Chapter 71:

subheadings 7114.11.70, 7114.19, 7114.20, 7115.10 and 7115.90;

(v)

Chapter 73:

subheadings 7325.10, 7325.91, 7325.99.10, 7325.99.50, 7326.19, 7326.20 and 7326.90;

(vi)

Chapter 74:

subheadings 7419.20, 7419.80.30 and 7419.80.50;

(vii)

Chapter 75:

subheadings 7508.10 and 7508.90.50 (except electroplating anodes);

(viii)

Chapter 76:

subheadings 7616.91 and 7616.99.50;

(ix)

Chapter 78:

heading 7806.00;

(x)

Chapter 79:

subheading 7907.00.60 (except zinc anodes);

(xi)

Chapter 80:

subheading 8007.00.50;

(xii)

Chapter 81:

articles other than wrought metals, in subheadings 8101.99, 8102.99, 8103.91, 8103.99,

8104.90, 8105.90, 8107.90, 8112.19, 8112.39, 8112.49, 8112.59, 8112,69.90,
8112.99.91 and 8113.00; [Compiler's note: proclamation had "8115.90"; probably
should be "8105.90"]

(xiii)

Chapter 84:

subheadings 8402.11 and 8402.90, subheadings 8404.10 through 8424.90.90,

subheadings 8435.10, 8435.90 and 8438.80, subheadings 8454.10 through 8468.90
(except 8468.10), subheadings 8470.10 through 8470.30, subheadings 8479.10 through
8479.90 (except 8479.20 and 8479.40) and subheadings 8483.10.10 through
8483.10.50;

(xiv)

Chapter 85:

subheadings 8501.10 through 8505.11, subheading 8505.20, subheadings 8505.90

through 8516.32, subheadings 8516.40 through 8522.90, subheadings 8525.50 through
8532.30, subheadings 8533.10 through 8542.90, subheadings 8543.20 through 8544.70
and subheadings 8547.90 and [heading] 8548;

(xv)

Chapter 88:

subheadings 8801.00 (except gliders and hang gliders) and 8802.60.90 and parts of the
goods of subheadings 8801.00 (except gliders and hang gliders) and 8802.60.90 as
provided for in heading 8807;

(xvi)

Chapter 89:

subheadings 8907.10 and 8907.90;

(xvii)

Chapter 90:

all provisions (except subheadings 9013.80 and 9023.00);

(xviii)

Chapter 91:

all provisions (except subheadings 9113.10 through 9113.90); and

(xix)

Chapter 96:

subheadings 9603.50, 9613.80.20, 9613.90.40 and 9617.00 (except subheading

9617.00.60);

but the term does not include materials or supplies, nor does it include ordinary equipment for use in building construction
or maintenance or for use in supporting activities of the institution such as its administrative offices or its eating or religious
facilities.The term "instruments and apparatus" under subheading 9810.00.60 includes separable components of an instrument
or apparatus listed in this subdivision that are imported for assembly in the United States in such instrument or apparatus
where the instrument or apparatus, due to its size, cannot be feasibly imported in its assembled state.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-X-3

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b) An institution desiring to enter an article under subheading 9810.00.60 shall make application therefor to the Secretary of

the Treasury including therein (in addition to such other information as may be prescribed by regulation) a description of the
article, the purposes for which the instrument or apparatus is intended to be used, the basis for the institution's belief that
no instrument or apparatus of equivalent scientific value for such purposes is being manufactured in the United States, and
a statement that either the institution has already placed a bona fide order for the instrument or apparatus or has a firm
intention, in the event of favorable action on its application, to place such an order on or before the final day specified in
paragraph (d) of this U.S. note for the placing of an order. If the application is made in accordance with the applicable
regulations, the Secretary of the Treasury shall promptly forward copies thereof to the Secretary of Commerce and to the
Secretary of Health and Human Services. If, at any time while its application is under consideration by the Secretary of
Commerce or by the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on appeal from a finding by him, an institution cancels an order
for the instrument or apparatus to which its application relates or ceases to have a firm intention to order such instrument
or apparatus, it shall promptly so notify the Secretary of Commerce or such Court, as the case may be.

(c) Upon receipt of the application, the Secretary of Commerce shall, by publication in the Federal Register, afford interested

persons and other Government agencies reasonable opportunity to present their views with respect to the question whether
an instrument or apparatus of equivalent scientific value for the purposes for which the article is intended to be used is being
manufactured in the United States. After considering any views presented pursuant to this paragraph, including any written
advice from the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Commerce shall determine whether an instrument
or apparatus of equivalent scientific value to such article, for the purposes for which the instrument or apparatus is intended
to be used, is being manufactured in the United States. Each finding by the Secretary of Commerce under this paragraph
shall be promptly reported to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the applicant institution. Each such finding shall be published
in the Federal Register, with a statement of the reasons therefor, on or before the ninetieth day following the date on which
the application was made to the Secretary of the Treasury in accordance with applicable regulations.

(d) (i)

If the Secretary of Commerce determines under this U.S. note that an instrument or apparatus is being manufactured
in the United States that is of equivalent scientific value to a foreign-origin instrument or apparatus for which application
is made (but which, due to its size, cannot be feasibly imported in its assembled state), the Secretary shall report the
findings to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the applicant institution, and all components of such foreign-origin
instrument or apparatus shall remain dutiable.

(ii)

If the Secretary of Commerce determines that the instrument or apparatus for which application is made is not being
manufactured in the United States, the Secretary is authorized to determine further whether any component of such
instrument or apparatus of a type that may be purchased, obtained, or imported separately is being manufactured in
the United States and shall report the findings to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the applicant institution, and any
component found to be domestically available shall remain dutiable.

(iii) Any decision by the Secretary of the Treasury which allows for duty-free entry of a component of an instrument or

apparatus which, due to its size cannot be feasibly imported in its assembled state, shall be effective for a specified
maximum period, to be determined in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, taking into account both the scientific
needs of the importing institution and the potential for development of comparable domestic manufacturing capacity.

(e) Subheading 9810.00.60 shall not apply with respect to any instrument or apparatus unless a bona fide order therefor has
been placed, by the institution making the application under this U.S. note, on or before the sixtieth day following the day
on which a finding of the Secretary of Commerce favorable to the institution has become final and conclusive.

(f) Within 20 days after the publication in the Federal Register of a finding by the Secretary of Commerce under paragraph (c)
of this U.S. note, an appeal may be taken from said finding only upon a question or questions of law and only to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit:

(i)

by the institution which made the application under paragraph (b) of this U.S. note;

(ii) by a person who, in the proceeding which led to such finding, represented to the Secretary of Commerce in writing that
he manufactures in the United States an instrument or apparatus of equivalent scientific value for the purposes for which
the article to which the application relates is intended to be used,

(iii) by the importer thereof, if the article to which the application relates has been entered at the time the appeal is taken,

or

(iv) by an agent of any of the foregoing.

Any appeal under this paragraph shall receive a preference over all other matters before the Court and shall be heard and
determined as expeditiously as the Court considers to be practicable. The judgement of the Court shall be final.

(g) The Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Commerce may prescribe joint regulations to carry out their functions

under this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-X-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9810.00.05

00

9810.00.10

00

Articles imported for the use of an institution established solely
for religious purposes:

Drawings, engravings, etchings, lithographs, woodcuts,
sound recordings, recorded video tapes and photographic
and other prints, all the foregoing whether bound or
unbound, and exposed photographic films (including
motion-picture films) whether or not developed.................

Painted, colored or stained glass windows and parts
thereof, all the foregoing valued over $161 per square
meter and designed by, and produced by or under the
direction of, a professional artist..........................................

No.............

Free

m2..............

Free

9810.00.15

00

Regalia....................................................................................

No.............

Free

9810.00.20

00

Hand-woven fabrics, to be used by the institution in making
religious vestments for its own use or for sale....................

m2..............

Free

9810.00.25

00

Articles imported for the use of an institution organized and
operated for religious purposes, including cemeteries, schools,
hospitals, orphanages and similar nonprofit activities staffed
and controlled by such institution:

Altars, pulpits, communion tables, baptismal fonts, shrines,
mosaics, iconostases, or parts, appurtenances or adjuncts
of any of the foregoing, whether to be physically joined
thereto or not, and statuary (except granite or marble
cemetery headstones, granite or marble grave markers
and granite or marble feature memorials, and except casts
of plaster of Paris, or of compositions of paper or
papier-mâché)........................................................................

No.............

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9810.00.30

00

9810.00.35

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-X-5

2

Articles imported for the use of any public library, any other
public institution or any nonprofit institution established for
educational, scientific, literary or philosophical purposes, or
for the encouragement of the fine arts:

Drawings and plans, reproductions thereof, engravings,
etchings, lithographs, woodcuts, globes, sound recordings,
recorded video tapes and photographic and other prints,
all the foregoing whether bound or unbound, and exposed
photographic films (including motion-picture films) whether
or not developed.....................................................................

Letters, numbers, and other symbols; number cards and
other arithmetical materials; printed matter; blocks and
other dimensional shapes; geometrical figures, plane or
solid; geographical globes; tuned bells and basic materials
for understanding music; model articles and figures of
animate objects; puzzles and games; flags; dressing
frames; dummy clocks; bottles, boxes, and other containers
or holders; all the foregoing, whether or not in sets,
fabricated to specification and designed for the classroom
instruction of children; and containers or holders fabricated
to specification and designed for the storage of such
instructional articles when not in use...................................

No.............

Free

Free

kg..............

Free

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
subheading

9810.00.40

00

Sculptures and statuary........................................................

No.............

Free

9810.00.45

00

Regalia....................................................................................

No.............

Free

9810.00.50

00

9810.00.55

00

Any textile machine or machinery or part thereof, solely for
the instruction of students.....................................................

No.............

Free

Patterns and models exclusively for exhibition or
educational use at any such institution................................

No.............

Free

9810.00.60

00

Articles entered for the use of any nonprofit institution, whether
public or private, established for educational or scientific
purposes:

Instruments and apparatus, if no instrument or apparatus
of equivalent scientific value for the purposes for which
the instrument or apparatus is intended to be used is being
manufactured in the United States (see U.S. note 6 to this
subchapter).............................................................................

No.............

Free

9810.00.65

00

9810.00.67

00

Repair components for instruments or apparatus admitted
under subheading 9810.00.60..............................................

kg..............

Free

Tools specially designed to be used for the maintenance,
checking, gauging or repair of instruments or apparatus
admitted under subheading 9810.00.60.............................

No.............

Free

9810.00.70

00

Wild animals (including birds and fish) imported for use, or for
sale for use, in any scientific public collection for exhibition for
scientific or educational purposes..............................................

No.............

Free

Articles imported for the use of an institution established to
encourage the saving of human life:

9810.00.75

00

Lifeboats and life-saving apparatus.....................................

No.............

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-X-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9810.00.80

00

9810.00.85

00

Articles imported for the use of any nonprofit institution, whether
public or private, established for educational, scientific or
therapeutic purposes:

Apparatus utilizing any radioactive substance in medical
diagnosis or therapeutic treatment, including the
radioactive material itself when contained in the apparatus
as an integral element thereof, and parts or accessories
of any of the foregoing...........................................................

Cellulosic plastics materials imported for use in artificial kidney
machines or apparatus by a hospital or by a patient pursuant
to prescription of a physician.......................................................

No.............

Free

Free

No.............

Free

9810.00.90

00

9810.00.95

00

Prayer shawls, bags for the keeping of prayer shawls and
headwear of a kind used for public or private religious
observances, whether or not any of the foregoing is imported
for the use of a religious institution..............................................

Scrolls or tablets of wood or paper, commonly known as
Gohonzon, imported for use in public or private religious
observances, whether or not any of the foregoing is imported
for the use of a religious institution..............................................

kg..............

Free

No.............

Free

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XI

SAMPLES FOR SOLICITING ORDERS

U.S. Notes

1. Any article exempted under this subchapter from the payment of duty shall be exempt also from the payment of any internal-revenue
tax imposed upon or by reason of importation and from the labeling requirements of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act and
chapter 52 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954.

2.

The provisions of heading 9811.00.20 or 9811.00.40 apply to not more than one sample of each beverage product, or of each
tobacco product, cigarette paper or cigarette tube, respectively, admitted during any calendar quarter for the use of each person
importing alcoholic beverages, tobacco products, cigarette papers or cigarette tubes in commercial quantities.

XXII
98-XI-1

XXII
98-XI-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9811.00.20

1/

9811.00.40

1/

9811.00.60

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Alcoholic beverage samples (each sample containing not more
than 300 milliliters if a malt beverage, not more than 150
milliliters if a wine and not more than 100 milliliters if any other
alcoholic beverage) to be used in the United States only for
soliciting orders by persons importing alcoholic beverages in
commercial quantities..................................................................

Samples of tobacco products, and cigarette papers and tubes
(each sample consisting of not more than (a) 3 cigars, (b) 3
cigarettes, (c) 3.5 grams of tobacco, (d) 3.5 grams of snuff,
(e) 3 cigarette tubes or (f) 25 cigarette papers) to be used in
the United States only for soliciting orders by persons importing
tobacco products, cigarette papers or cigarette tubes in
commercial quantities..................................................................

Any sample (except samples covered by heading 9811.00.20
or 9811.00.40), valued not over $1 each, or marked, torn,
perforated or otherwise treated so that it is unsuitable for sale
or for use otherwise than as a sample, to be used in the United
States only for soliciting orders for products of foreign
countries........................................................................................

..................

Free

Free

..................

Free

..................

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XII

ARTICLES ADMITTED FREE OF DUTY UNDER BOND FOR
PERMANENT EXHIBITION

U.S. Notes

1.

The provisions of this subchapter do not apply to articles intended for sale or for any purpose other than exhibition or erecting a
public monument, nor do they apply to any institution or society engaged in or connected with business of a private or commercial
character. Articles admitted under heading 9812.00.20 may be transferred from an organization specified therein to another such
organization, or temporarily to a commercial gallery or other premises, for exhibition and not for sale.

2. Prior to the release of articles under heading 9812.00.20 or 9812.00.40, bond shall be given for the payment of lawful duties
which may accrue should any of the articles be sold, transferred or used contrary to the provisions of this subchapter within 5
years after the date of entry hereunder, and such articles shall be subject at any time within such 5-year period to examination
and inspection by customs officers. Surety on such bonds may be waived in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury.

XXII
98-XII-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-XII-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9812.00.20

00

Articles imported for exhibition by any institution or society
established for the encouragement of agriculture, arts,
education or science, or for such exhibition by any State or for
a municipal corporation................................................................

kg..............

9812.00.40

00

Articles imported by any institution, society or State, or for a
municipal corporation, for the purpose of erecting a public
monument......................................................................................

kg..............

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 2 to
this
subchapter

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 2 to
this
subchapter

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XIII

ARTICLES ADMITTED TEMPORARILY FREE OF DUTY UNDER BOND

XXII
98-XIII-1

U.S. Notes

1.

(a) The articles described in the provisions of this subchapter, when not imported for sale or for sale on approval, may be

admitted into the United States without the payment of duty, under bond for their exportation within 1 year from the date of
importation, which period, in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, may be extended, upon application, for one or
more further periods which, when added to the initial 1 year, shall not exceed a total of 3 years, except that (1) articles
imported under heading 9813.00.75 shall be admitted under bond for their exportation within 6 months from the date of
importation and such a 6-month period shall not be extended, and (2) in the case of professional equipment and tools of
trade admitted into the United States under heading 9813.00.50 which have been seized (other than by seizure made at the
suit of private persons), the requirement of reexportation shall be suspended for the duration of the seizure. For purposes
of this note, an aircraft engine or propeller, or any part or accessory of either, imported under heading 9813.00.05, which is
removed physically from the United States as part of an aircraft departing from the United States in international traffic shall
be treated as exported.

(b) For articles admitted into the United States under heading 9813.00.50, entry shall be made by the nonresident importing the
articles or by an organization represented by the nonresident which is established under the laws of a foreign country or has
its principal place of business in a foreign country.

(c) For the purposes of this subchapter, if an article imported into the United States for processing, under heading 9813.00.05,
is withdrawn for exportation to Canada or Mexico, the duty assessed shall be waived or reduced in an amount that does not
exceed the lesser of the total amount of duty payable on the article that would have been payable on importation under
chapters 1 through 97, inclusive, of the tariff schedule or the total amount of customs duty paid to Canada or Mexico on the
exported article, unless such article is covered by sections 208(a)(1) through 208(a)(8), inclusive, of the USMCA Implementation
Act. The amount of duties or refunds calculated on such articles pursuant to this note shall be adjusted to take into account
any subsequent claim for preferential tariff treatment made to another USMCA country.

2. Merchandise may be admitted into the United States under heading 9813.00.05 only on condition that:

(a) Such merchandise will not be processed into an article manufactured or produced in the United States if such article is:

(i) Alcohol, distilled spirits, wine, beer or any dilution or mixture of any or all of the foregoing;

(ii) A perfume or other commodity containing ethyl alcohol (whether or not such alcohol is denatured); or

(iii) A product of wheat; and

(b)

If any processing of such merchandise results in an article (other than an article described in (a) of this U.S. note) manufactured
or produced in the United States:

(i) A complete accounting will be made to the Customs Service for all articles, wastes and irrecoverable losses resulting

from such processing; and

(ii) All articles and valuable wastes resulting from such processing will be exported or destroyed under customs supervision
within the bonded period; except that in lieu of the exportation or destruction of valuable wastes, duties may be tendered
on such wastes at rates of duties in effect for such wastes at the time of importation.

3. Upon satisfactory proof that any article admitted under heading 9813.00.30 has been destroyed because of its use for any

purpose provided for therein, the obligation under the bond to export such article shall be treated as satisfied.

4. District Directors of Customs may defer the exaction of a bond for not to exceed 90 days after the date of importation for vehicles
and craft entered under heading 9813.00.35 to take part in races or other specific contests for other than money purses; but
unless any such vehicle or craft is exported or the bond is given within the period of such deferment, such vehicle or craft shall
be subject to forfeiture.

5. Articles may be admitted under heading 9813.00.75 only on condition that the Secretary of the Treasury shall have found that
the foreign country from which the articles were imported allows, or will allow, substantially reciprocal privileges in respect of
similar imports to such country from the United States; and if the Secretary finds that a foreign country has discontinued, or will
discontinue, the allowance of such privileges, the privileges of heading 9813.00.75 shall not apply thereafter in respect of imports
from such foreign country.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XIII-2
Statistical Note

1.

For any article entered under statistical reporting numbers 9813.00.0520 and 9813.00.0540, the proper citation for statistical
reporting shall consist of 9813.00.0520 or 9813.00.0540 followed by the statistical reporting number for the provision which would
have applied if such article were not classifiable in this subchapter and the unit of quantity to be reported is the unit shown for
such article in such other provision.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XIII-3

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9813.00.05

Articles to be repaired, altered or processed (including
processes which result in articles manufactured or produced
in the United States).....................................................................

..................

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)1/

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter1/

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

20 2/

Articles to be processed into articles manufactured or
produced in the United States..............................................

40

Other........................................................................................

2/

2/

9813.00.10

3/

Models of women's wearing apparel imported by manufacturers
for use solely as models in their own establishments...............

..................

9813.00.15

3/

Articles imported by illustrators and photographers for use
solely as models in their own establishments, in the illustrating
of catalogues, pamphlets or advertising matters......................

..................

9813.00.20

3/

Samples solely for use in taking orders for merchandise.........

..................

9813.00.25

3/

Articles solely for examination with a view to reproduction, or
for such examination and reproduction (except photoengraved
printing plates for examination and reproduction); and
motion-picture advertising films..................................................

..................

9813.00.30

3/

Articles intended solely for testing, experimental or review
purposes, including specifications, photographs and similar
articles for use in connection with experiments or for study.....

..................

1/ See 9903.55.01.

2/ See subchapter XIII statistical note 1.
3/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

XXII
98-XIII-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9813.00.35

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Automobiles, motorcycles, bicycles, airplanes, airships,
balloons, boats, racing shells and similar vehicles and craft,
and the usual equipment of the foregoing; all the foregoing
which are brought temporarily into the United States by
nonresidents for the purpose of taking part in races or other
specific contests...........................................................................

..................

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

9813.00.40

1/

Locomotives and other railroad equipment brought temporarily
into the United States for use in clearing obstructions, fighting
fires or making emergency repairs on railroads within the
United States, or for use in transportation otherwise than in
international traffic when the Secretary of the Treasury finds
that the temporary use of foreign railroad equipment is
necessary to meet an emergency...............................................

..................

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

9813.00.45

1/

Containers for compressed gases, filled or empty, and
containers or other articles in use for covering or holding
merchandise (including personal or household effects) during
transportation and suitable for reuse for that purpose..............

..................

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

9813.00.50

1/

Professional equipment, tools of trade, repair components for
equipment or tools admitted under this heading and camping
equipment; all the foregoing imported by or for nonresidents
sojourning temporarily in the United Statesand for the use of
such nonresidents.........................................................................

..................

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

9813.00.55

1/

Articles of special design for temporary use exclusively in
connection with the manufacture or production of articles for
export.............................................................................................

..................

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XIII-5

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9813.00.60

1/

Animals and poultry brought into the United States for the
purpose of breeding, exhibition or competition for prizes, and
the usual equipment therefor.......................................................

..................

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this subchapter

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter

9813.00.70

1/

Works of the free fine arts, engravings, photographic pictures
and philosophical and scientific apparatus brought into the
United States by professional artists, lecturers or scientists
arriving from abroad for use by them for exhibition and in
illustration, promotion and encouragement of art, science or
industry in the United States........................................................

..................

9813.00.75

1/

Automobiles, automobile chassis, automobile bodies, cutaway
portions of any of the foregoing and parts for any of the
foregoing, finished, unfinished or cutaway, when intended
solely for show purposes..............................................................

..................

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XIV

TEA ADMITTED FREE UNDER BOND

U.S. Notes

1.

Importers and manufacturers who import the material provided for in heading 9814.00.50 shall give suitable bond, to be subject
to the approval only of the District Director of Customs at the port of entry, conditioned that the imported material shall be only
used for the purposes provided for in the said heading 9814.00.50, under such regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary
of Health and Human Services. 1/

2. See chapter 9 for other provisions relating to tea.

XXII
98-XIV-1

1/ Carryover legal note from the Tariff Schedule of the United States (TSUS). The Tea Importation Act (21 U.S.C. 41) was repealed,
effective April 9, 1996.

XXII
98-XIV-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9814.00.50

00 1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Tea, tea waste and tea siftings and sweepings, all the foregoing
to be used solely for manufacturing theine, caffeine or other
chemical products whereby the identity and character of the
original material is entirely destroyed or changed1/...................

kg1/

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter1/

Free (AU, BH, CL,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)1/

Free, under
bond, as
prescribed in
U.S. note 1 to
this
subchapter1/

1/ Carryover legal note from the Tariff Schedule of the United States (TSUS). The Tea Importation Act (21 U.S.C. 41) was repealed,
effective April 9, 1996.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XV

PRODUCTS OF AMERICAN FISHERIES

U.S. Notes

1. An American fishery, for the purposes of this subchapter, is a fishing enterprise conducted under the American flag by vessels

of the United States on the high seas or in foreign waters in which such vessels have the right, by treaty or otherwise, to take
fish or other marine products and may include a shore station operated in conjunction with such vessels by the owner or master
thereof.

2. None of the headings in this subchapter shall apply to fish, fresh, chilled or frozen, in the form of fillets, steaks or slices substantially
free of bone (including any of the foregoing divided into sections), if produced in a foreign country, or its territorial waters, in
whole or in part with the use of the labor of persons who are not residents of the United States.

XXII
98-XV-1

XXII
98-XV-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9815.00.20

00

9815.00.40

00

9815.00.60

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Products of American fisheries (including fish, shellfish and
other marine animals, spermaceti and marine animal oils),
which have not been landed in a foreign country, or which, if
so landed, have been landed solely for transshipment without
change in condition.......................................................................

Fish (except cod, cusk, haddock, hake, mackerel, pollock and
swordfish), the product of American fisheries, landed in a
foreign country and there processed by removal of heads,
viscera or fins, or by chilling or freezing, or by any combination
of these processes, but not otherwise processed.....................

Products of American fisheries, prepared or preserved by an
American fishery on the treaty coasts of Labrador, Magdalen
Islands and Newfoundland, as such coasts are defined in the
convention of 1818 between the United States and Great
Britain.............................................................................................

kg..............

Free

kg..............

Free

kg..............

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XVI

NONCOMMERCIAL IMPORTATIONS OF LIMITED VALUE

U.S. Note

1.

For the purposes of this subchapter the rates of duty for articles provided in this subchapter shall be assessed in lieu of any other
rates of duty, except free rates of duty on such articles, unless the Secretary of the Treasury or his delegate determines, in
accordance with regulations, that the application of the rate of duty provided in this subchapter to any article in lieu of the rate
of duty otherwise applicable thereto adversely affects the economic interest of the United States.

XXII
98-XVI-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

..................

3 percent of the
fair retail value

Free (BH, CL, CO,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

4 percent of

the fair retail
value

..................

1.5 percent of the
fair retail value

Free (BH, CL, CO,

2 percent of

IL, JO, KR, MA, S,
SG)

the fair retail
value

XXII
98-XVI-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9816.00.20

1/

Articles for personal or household use, or as bona fide gifts,
not imported for the account of another person, valued in the
aggregate at not over $1,000 fair retail value in the country of
acquisition, if the person claiming the benefit of subheading
9816.00.20 or 9816.00.40, or both, has not received the
benefits thereof within the 30 days immediately preceding his
arrival:

Accompanying a person, arriving in the United States
(exclusive of duty-free articles and articles acquired in
American Samoa, Guam or the Virgin Islands of the United
States).....................................................................................

9816.00.40

1/

Imported by or for the account of a person (whether or not
accompanying him) arriving directly or indirectly from
American Samoa, Guam or the Virgin Islands of the United
States, acquired in such insular possessions as an incident
of such person's physical presence.....................................

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XVII

OTHER SPECIAL CLASSIFICATION PROVISIONS

XXII
98-XVII-1

U.S. Notes

1.

(a) No article shall be exempted from duty under heading 9817.00.40 unless either --

(i)

a Federal agency (or agencies) designated by the President determines that such article is visual or auditory material
of an educational, scientific or cultural character within the meaning of the Agreement for Facilitating the International
Circulation of Visual and Auditory Materials of an Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Character (17 UST (pt. 2) 1578;
Beirut Agreement), or

(ii)

such article --

(A)

(B)

is imported by, or certified by the importer to be for the use of, any public or private institution or association approved
as educational, scientific, or cultural by a Federal agency or agencies designated by the President for the purpose
of duty-free admission pursuant to the Nairobi Protocol to the Florence Agreement, and

is certified by the importer to be visual or auditory material of an educational, scientific, or cultural character or to
have been produced by the United Nations or any of its specialized agencies. For the purposes of subparagraph
(i), whenever the President determines that there is, or may be, profitmaking exhibition or use of articles described
in heading 9817.00.40 which interferes significantly (or threatens to interfere significantly) with domestic production
of similar articles, he may prescribe regulations imposing restrictions on the entry under one of the above-cited
subheadings of such foreign articles to insure that they will be exhibited or used only for nonprofitmaking purposes.

(b) For purposes of headings 9817.00.42 through 9817.00.48, inclusive, no article shall be exempted from duty unless it meets

the criteria set forth in the subparagraphs (a)(ii)(A) and (B) of this note.

2.

The provisions of headings 9817.00.50 and 9817.00.60 do not apply to:

(a) articles provided for in chapter 25;

(b) articles provided for in subheading 3212.10;

(c) articles provided for in subheading 3926.90.30;

(d) articles of leather or of fur on the skin;

(e) articles of textile material;

(f)

articles provided for in section XIII (except heading 6808 and subheadings 6809.11, 7018.10, 7018.90, 7019.61, 7019.62,
7019.63, 7019.64, 7019.65, 7019.66, 7019.69, 7019.72 and 7019.73);

(g) articles provided for in chapter 71;

(h) articles provided for in chapter 72;

(ij) articles provided for in chapter 73 (except subheadings 7308.10, 7308.20, 7308.40 and 7308.90, subheadings 7315.81

through 7315.89, subheadings 7319.40, 7325.10, 7325.91, 7326.11 and 7326.19);

(k) articles provided for in chapter 74 (except subheadings 7419.20, 7419.80.17 and 7419.80.50);

(l)

articles provided for in chapter 75;

(m) articles provided for in chapter 76 (except heading 7610);

(n) articles provided for in chapter 78;

(o) articles provided for in chapter 79 (except gutters, roof capping, skylight frames and other fabricated building components,

of zinc);

(p) articles provided for in chapter 80;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XVII-2
U.S. Notes (con.)

(q) articles provided for in chapter 81 (except subheadings 8101.99 and 8102.99);

(r)

articles provided for in chapter 82;

(s) articles provided for in chapter 83;

(t)

articles provided for in subheadings 8419.81.50, 8419.81.90, 8427.10, 8427.20, 8427.90 and 8431.20, headings 8432, 8433
and 8434, subheadings 8435.10 and 8435.90, heading 8436, subheadings 8438.80, 8468.10, 8472.90.40, 8479.83, 8479.89,
8485.10, 8485.30 and 8485.80, subheadings 8482.10.10 through 8482.99.65 (other than subheading 8482.91) and
subheadings 8483.10.50 and 8487.10;

(u) articles provided for in chapter 85 (except subheading 8519.81.20, heading 8523, subheadings 8532.90 and 8539.90, heading
8542, subheadings 8543.10 through 8543.30, subheadings 8543.70.60, 8543.70.80, 8543.70.85, 8543.70.92, 8543.70.96,
8543.90, 8544.70, 8546.90, 8547.20 and [heading] 8548);

(v) articles provided for in chapter 86;

(w) articles provided for in chapter 87 (except bicycles and other cycles, not motorized, and parts thereof), but interchangeable
agricultural and horticultural implements are classifiable in subheading 9817.00.50 even if mounted at the time of importation
on a tractor provided for in chapter 87;

(x) articles provided for in chapter 88 (except heading 8805);

(y) articles provided for in chapter 89 (except headings 8901, 8902 and 8904, subheadings 8905.10 and 8905.20, and headings

8907 and 8908);

(z) articles provided for in subheadings 9006.69.01, 9032.89.20, 9032.89.40, 9032.90.20 and 9032.90.40;

(aa) articles provided for in subheadings 9101.19.20, 9102.12, 9102.91.20, 9103.10.20, 9104.00.05 and 9104.00.45;

(ab) articles provided for in heading 9405 (except subheadings 9405.61.60, 9405.69.60 and 9405.92);

(ac) articles provided for in subheadings 9505.10.10, 9506.21.40 and 9506.21.80;

(ad) articles provided for in subheading 9603.50.00, headings 9604.00.00 and 9605.00.00 and subheading 9616.10.00; or

(ae) articles provided for in heading 9705.

3.

(a) Subheading 9817.00.80 does not apply when the market price of copper is under $1.12 per kilogram.

(b) For purposes of subparagraph (a), the market price of copper is the average market price per kilogram for one calendar

month of electrolytic copper in standard shapes and sizes, delivered Connecticut Valley, as determined by the United States
International Trade Commission and reported to the Secretary of the Treasury in accordance with procedures set forth below.

(c) For purposes of subparagraph (a), the market price of copper shall be considered to be under $1.12 per kilogram only on
and after the twentieth day after the date of a report by the United States International Trade Commission to the Secretary
of the Treasury that it has determined that the market price has been under $1.12 per kilogram for one calendar month. After
any such report, the market price shall be considered as not being under $1.12 per kilogram only on and after the twentieth
day after the date of a report by the Commission to the Secretary that it has determined that the market price has been $1.12
or more per kilogram for one calendar month.

(d) Determinations by the said Commission of the market price of electrolytic copper shall be based upon sources commonly

resorted to by the buyers of copper in the usual channels of commerce, including, but not limited to, quotations of the market
price for electrolytic copper, in standard shapes and sizes, delivered Connecticut Valley, reported by the Engineering and
Mining Journal's "Metal and Mineral Markets".

4.

(a) For purposes of subheadings 9817.00.92, 9817.00.94 and 9817.00.96, the term "blind or other physically or mentally

handicapped persons" includes any person suffering from a permanent or chronic physical or mental impairment which
substantially limits one or more major life activities, such as caring for one's self, performing manual tasks, walking, seeing,
hearing, speaking, breathing, learning, or working.

(b) Subheadings 9817.00.92, 9817.00.94 and 9817.00.96 do not cover --

(i)

articles for acute or transient disability;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XVII-3

U.S. Notes (con.)

(ii)

spectacles, dentures, and cosmetic articles for individuals not substantially disabled;

(iii)

therapeutic and diagnostic articles; or

(iv) medicine or drugs.

5.

6.

For purposes of subheading 9817.57.01, the term "mass-produced kits" includes only those which are designed to be sold in
the customs territory of the United States exclusively in kit form.

For purposes of heading 9817.22.05, the duty-free treatment shall apply to liqueurs and spirituous beverages produced in the
territory of Canada from rum if--

(i)

(ii)

such rum is the growth, product, or manufacture of a designated Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (CBERA) beneficiary
country enumerated in general note 7(a) to the tariff schedule or of the Virgin Islands of the United States;

such rum is imported directly from a designated CBERA beneficiary country enumerated in general note 7(a) to the tariff
schedule or from the Virgin Islands of the United States into the territory of Canada, and such liqueurs and spirituous
beverages are imported directly from the territory of Canada into the customs territory of the United States;

(iii) when imported into the customs territory of the United States, such liqueurs and spirituous beverages are classified in

subheading 2208.40 or 2208.90 of the tariff schedule; and

(iv) such rum accounts for at least 90 percent by volume of the alcoholic content of such liqueurs and spirituous beverages.

7.

The following provisions apply to heading 9817.85.01:

(a) For purposes of this subchapter, including heading 9817.85.01, the term "prototypes" means originals or models of articles

that-

(i)

(ii)

are either in the preproduction, production, or postproduction stage and are to be used exclusively for development,
testing, product evaluation, or quality control purposes; and

in the case of originals or models of articles that are either in the production or postproduction stage, are associated
with a design change from current production (including a refinement, advancement, improvement, development, or
quality control in either the product itself or the means for producing the product).

For purposes of clause (i), automobile racing for purse, prize, or commercial competition shall not be considered to be
"development, testing, product evaluation, or quality control."

(b) (i) Prototypes may be imported only in limited noncommercial quantities in accordance with industry practice.

(ii) Except as provided for by the Secretary of the Treasury, prototypes or parts of prototypes may not be sold after importation

into the United States or be incorporated into other products that are sold.

(c) Articles subject to quantitative restrictions, antidumping orders, or countervailing duty orders may not be classified as

prototypes under this note. Articles subject to licensing requirements, or which must comply with laws, rules, or regulations
administered by agencies other than the United States Customs Service before being imported, may be classified as
prototypes if they comply with all applicable provisions of law and otherwise meet the definition of "prototypes" under paragraph
(a).

8. Any article exempt from duty under heading 9817.60.00 shall be free of taxes and fees that may otherwise be applicable, but

shall not be free or otherwise exempt or excluded from routine or other inspections as may be required by the Customs Service.

Statistical Note

1.

For statistical reporting of merchandise under subheadings 9817.00.50, 9817.00.60, 9817.00.80, 9817.00.90, 9817.00.92,
9817.00.94, 9817.00.96, 9817.29.01, 9817.29.02, 9817.57.01, 9817.61.01, 9817.82.01, 9817.84.01, 9817.85.01, 9817.95.01,
and 9817.95.05:

(a) Report the 8-digit number (or 10-digit number, if any) found in this subchapter in addition to the 10-digit number appearing

in chapters 1-97 which would be applicable but for the provisions of this subchapter; and

(b) The quantities reported should be in the units provided in chapters 1-97.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XVII-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Nets or sections or parts of nets:

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

9817.00.20

00

Monofilament gill nets to be used for fish sampling...........

kg..............

Free

9817.00.30

00

9817.00.40

00

9817.00.42

00

9817.00.44

00

9817.00.46

00

9817.00.48

00

To be used in taking wild birds under license issued by an
appropriate Federal or State governmental authority........

kg..............

Free

Developed photographic film, including motion-picture film on
which pictures or sound and pictures have been recorded;
photographic slides; transparencies; sound recordings;
recorded video tape; models (except toy models); charts; maps;
globes; and posters; all of the foregoing which are determined
to be visual or auditory materials in accordance with U.S. note
1(a) of this subchapter.................................................................

Articles determined to be visual or auditory materials in
accordance with U.S. note 1 of this subchapter:

kg..............

Free

Holograms for laser projection; microfilm, microfiches and
similar articles.........................................................................

kg..............

Free

Motion-picture films in any form on which pictures, or sound
and pictures, have been recorded, whether or not
developed...............................................................................

Sound recordings, combination sound and visual
recordings, and magnetic recordings; video discs, video
tapes and similar articles.......................................................

Patterns and wall charts; globes; mock-ups or
visualizations of abstract concepts such as molecular
structures or mathematical formulae; materials for
programmed instruction; and kits containing printed
materials and audio materials or any combination of two
or more of the foregoing........................................................

No.............

Free

No.............

Free

No.............

Free

9817.00.50

00

Machinery, equipment and implements to be used for
agricultural or horticultural purposes..........................................

1/

Free

9817.00.60

00

Parts to be used in articles provided for in headings 8432,
8433, 8434 and 8436, whether or not such parts are principally
used as parts of such articles and whether or not covered by
a specific provision within the meaning of additional U.S. rule
of interpretation 1(c).....................................................................

1/

Free

9817.00.70

00

Animals, game, imported to be liberated in the United States
for stocking purposes...................................................................

No.............

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

Free

1/
1/ See subchapter XVII statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XVII-5

2

Unwrought metal including remelt scrap ingot (except copper,
lead, zinc and tungsten) in the form of pigs, ingots or billets (a)
which are defective or damaged, or have been produced from
melted down metal waste and scrap for convenience in
handling and transportation without sweetening, alloying,
fluxing or deliberate purifying, and (b) which cannot be
commercially used without re-manufacture; relaying or rerolling
rails; and articles of metal (except articles of lead, of zinc or of
tungsten, and not including metal-bearing materials provided
for in section VI, chapter 26 or subheading 8549.11, 8549.12,
8549.13, 8549.14, 8549.19 and not including unwrought metal
provided for in chapters 72-81) to be used in remanufacture
by melting or to be processed by shredding, shearing,
compacting or similar processing which renders them fit only
for the recovery of the metal content:

9817.00.80

1/

Articles of copper...................................................................

1/

Free

9817.00.90

401/

601/

801/

9817.00.92

1/

9817.00.94

1/

9817.00.96

1/

9817.00.98

00

Other........................................................................................
Pigs, ingots or billets.......................................................

..................
1/

Free

Relaying or rerolling rails................................................

1/

Other.................................................................................

1/

Articles specially designed or adapted for the use or benefit of
the blind or other physically or mentally handicapped persons;
parts and accessories (except parts and accessories of braces
and artificial limb prosthetics) that are specially designed or
adapted for use in the foregoing articles:

Articles for the blind:

Books, music and pamphlets, in raised print, used
exclusively by or for them...............................................

1/

Braille tablets, cubarithms, and special apparatus,
machines, presses, and types for their use or benefit
exclusively........................................................................
Other........................................................................................

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Theatrical scenery, properties and apparel brought into the
United States by proprietors or managers of theatrical, ballet,
opera or similar productions arriving from abroad for temporary
use by them in such productions.................................................

kg..............

Free

9817.22.05

1/

Rum, tafia, liqueurs and spirituous beverages, of a type
classifiable in subheading 2208.40 or 2208.90 and described
in U.S. note 6 to this subchapter.................................................

1/

Free

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
subheading

Free

Free

Free

Free

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-XVII-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9817.29.01

1/

Cyclic organic chemical products in any physical form having
an aromatic or modified aromatic structure, however provided
for in chapter 29 (but excluding
2,3-dihydroxynaphthalene-6-sulfonic acid, sodium salt), to be
used in the manufacture of photographic color couplers;
photographic color couplers (but excluding
2,3-dihydroxynaphthalene-6-sulfonic acid, sodium salt) (all the
foregoing goods however provided for in chapter 29 or in
subheading 3707.90.31, 3707.90.32 or 3707.90.60)...............

1/

Free

9817.29.02

1/

Methanol (Methyl alcohol) produced from natural gas aboard
a vessel on the high seas or in foreign waters...........................

1/

Free

9817.57.01

1/

Needle-craft display models, primarily hand stitched, of
completed mass-produced kits (provided for in subheading
5701.10.40, 5701.10.90, 5701.90.20, 5805.00.25, 5805.00.40,
6302.91, 6302.93.10, 6302.93.20, 6302.99.20, 6303.19,
6303.92.10, 6303.92.20, 6303.99, 6304.92, 6304.93,
6304.99.15, 6304.99.35, 6304.99.60, 6307.90.85 or
6307.90.98)...................................................................................

1/

Free

9817.60.00

00

Any of the following articles not intended for sale or distribution
to the public: personal effects of aliens who are participants
in, officials of, or accredited members of delegations to, an
international athletic event held in the United States, such as
the Olympics and Paralympics, the Goodwill Games, the
Special Olympics World Games, the World Cup Soccer
Games, or any similar international athletic event as the
Secretary of the Treasury may determine, and of persons who
are immediate family members of or servants to any of the
foregoing persons; equipment and materials imported in
connection with any such foregoing event by or on behalf of
the foregoing persons or the organizing committee of such an
event, articles to be used in exhibitions depicting the culture
of a country participating in such an event; and, if consistent
with the foregoing, such other articles as the Secretary of the
Treasury may allow.......................................................................

kg..............

Free

Free

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

46%

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XVII-7

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9817.61.01

1/

Articles of ski racing apparel which, because of their padding,
construction, or other special features, are specially designed
to protect against injuries from the sport of ski racing, such as
blows caused by slalom gates or falls (provided for in
subheading 6101.30.20, 6105.20.20, 6110.11, 6110.12.20,
6110.19, 6110.20.20, 6110.30.30, 6112.20.10, 6114.30.30,
6203.43.15 or 6203.43.35)..........................................................

1/

5.5%

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

Free (AU, BH, CL,
CO, JO, KR, MA,
OM, P, PA, PE, S,
SG)

The rate applicable
in the absence of
this heading (A, D,
E, IL)

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

The rate

applicable in
the absence
of this
heading

9817.64.01

1/

Footwear, other than goods of heading 9021, of a kind for
supporting or holding the foot following an illness, operation
or injury, provided that such footwear is (1) made to measure
and (2) presented singly and not in pairs and designed to fit
either foot equally..........................................................................

1/

Free

9817.82.01

1/

Mounted tool and drill bit blanks of polycrystalline diamond
(provided for in subheadings 8207.19.60, 8207.50.40 or
8207.50.80) and mounted tool blanks of polycrystalline
diamond (provided for in subheadings 8207.70.60, 8207.80.60,
8207.90.45 or 8207.90.75...........................................................

1/

Free

9817.84.01

1/

Wheelbuilding, wheel-trueing, rimpunching, tire fitting and
similar machines (provided for in subheading 8462.22,
8462.23, 8462.24, 8462.25, 8462.26, 8462.29, 8462.42,
8462.49, 8462.51, 8462.59, 8479.83, 8479.89.95, 8485.10.01
or 9031.80), all the foregoing suitable for use in the
manufacture of wheels for bicycles.............................................

1/

Free

9817.85.01

1/

Prototypes to be used exclusively for development, testing,
product evaluation, or quality control purposes.........................

1/

Free

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1/

1/

Free

Free

25%

25%

XXII
98-XVII-8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9817.95.01

1/

Articles classifiable in subheadings 3924.10, 3926.90, 6307.90,
6911.10, 6912.00, 7013.22, 7013.28, 7013.41, 7013.49,
8539.51, 9405.21, 9405.29, 9405.41, 9405.42, 9405.49 or
9405.50, the foregoing meeting the descriptions set forth below:

Utilitarian articles of a kind used in the home in the
performance of specific religious or cultural ritual
celebrations for religious or cultural holidays, or religious
festive occasions, such as Seder plates, blessing cups,
menorahs or kinaras..............................................................

9817.95.05

1/

Utilitarian articles in the form of a three-dimensional
representation of a symbol or motif clearly associated with
a specific holiday in the United States.................................

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XVIII

VESSEL PARTS AND REPAIRS

U.S. Notes

1.

The provisions of this subchapter pertain to vessels documented under the laws of the United States to engage in the foreign or
coasting trade, or vessels intended to be employed in such trade, for which any entry is required under the customs laws of the
United States.

2. Notwithstanding the provisions of subheadings 9818.00.03 through 9818.00.07, no duty shall apply to the cost of equipment,
repair parts, and materials that are installed in a vessel documented under the laws of the United States and engaged in the
foreign or coasting trade, if the installation is done by members of the regular crew of such vessel while the vessel is on the high
seas, in foreign waters, or in a foreign port and does not involve foreign shipyard repairs by foreign labor. Declaration and entry
shall not be required with respect to such installation, equipment, parts, and materials.

XXII
98-XVIII-1

Statistical Note

1.

For statistical reporting of merchandise under subheading 9818.00.05.

(a) Report the 8-digit number (or 10-digit number, if any) found in this subchapter in addition to the 10-digit number appearing

in chapters 1-97 which would be applicable but for the provisions of this subchapter; and

(b) The quantities reported should be in the units provided in chapters 1-97.

XXII
98-XVIII-2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9818.00.01

00

9818.00.03

00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Equipments, or any part thereof, including boats, purchased
for, or the repair parts or materials to be used, or the expenses
of repairs made in a foreign country upon, a vessel described
in U.S. note 1 to this subchapter:

Any equipment, or any part of equipment, purchased for,
or the repair parts or materials employed in, or the expense
of repairs made in a foreign country with respect to, a
LASH (Lighter Aboard Ship) barge utilized as a cargo
container, upon first arrival of such barge in any port of the
United States..........................................................................

kg..............

Free

Spare repair parts or materials (other than nets or nettings)
which the owner or master of a vessel certifies are intended
for use aboard a cargo vessel, for installation or use on
such vessel, as needed, in the United States, at sea, or in
a foreign country, but only if duty is or has been paid under
this schedule upon first entry into the United States of each
such spare part or material purchased in, or imported from,
a foreign country.....................................................................

kg..............

Free

50 percent of
the cost of
such goods
or repairs

50 percent of
the cost of
such parts or
materials

9818.00.05

00

Spare parts necessarily installed before first entry into the
United States, upon first entry into the United States of
each such spare part purchased in, or imported from, a
foreign country........................................................................

1/

9818.00.07

00

Other, upon first arrival in any port of the United States of
any vessel described in U.S. note 1 to this subchapter......

kg..............

The rate

applicable in
the absence of
this subheading
on the cost of
such parts

Free (AU, BH, C, CL,
CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50 percent of
the cost of
such parts

50 percent of the
cost of such
goods or
repairs

Free (AU, BH, C, CL,
CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, OM, P, PA,
PE, S, SG)

50 percent of
the cost of
such goods
or repairs

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XIX

TEXTILE AND APPAREL GOODS ELIGIBLE FOR SPECIAL TARIFF BENEFITS
UNDER THE AFRICA GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT

XXII
98-XIX-1

U.S. Notes

1.

[Compiler's note:The AGOA program expired on September 30, 2025. See section 103 of the Trade Preferences Extension
Act of 2015 (P.L. 114-27).] For purposes of this subchapter, the tariff treatment provided herein shall be accorded only to textile
and apparel articles that are described in such subheadings and imported directly into the customs territory of the United States
from those beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries previously designated by proclamation which have subsequently been
determined in a Federal Register notice issued by the United States Trade Representative (USTR) to have satisfied the
requirements of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) (title I of Pub.L. No. 106-200) and therefore should be afforded
the tariff treatment authorized in such Act and set forth in the provisions of this subchapter. Such countries shall be enumerated
in this note whenever the USTR issues a Federal Register notice as described herein. Such articles shall be eligible to enter
free of duty and free of any quantitative limitations, except as provided in the notes to this subchapter. The USTR has determined
that the following countries have adopted an effective visa system and related procedures and have satisfied the customs
requirements of the AGOA and, therefore, are to be afforded the tariff treatment provided for in this note:

Benin, Botswana, Cape Verde, Chad, Cote d'Ivoire, Eswatini, Ghana, Kenya, Lesotho, Republic of Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi,
Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Tanzania, Togo, Zambia

2.

(a)

Imports of apparel articles under subheadings 9819.11.09 and 9819.11.12 which may be applicable to imported apparel
articles from eligible beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries pursuant to determinations of the United States International
Trade Commission, shall be limited during each 1-year period enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note to the applicable
percentage, in aggregate square meter equivalents, of all apparel articles imported into the United States in the preceding
12-month period for which data are available.

(b) Such imports of apparel articles under subheading 9819.11.09, which may be applicable to imported apparel articles from
eligible beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries pursuant to determinations of the United States International Trade
Commission, shall be limited, in each of the one-year periods beginning on October 1, 2003, to an aggregate quantity not
to exceed the applicable percentage set forth herein of aggregate square meter equivalents of all apparel articles imported
into the United States in the preceding 12-month period for which data are available:

12-Month Period

Applicable Percentage

October 1, 2003 through September 30, 2004
October 1, 2004 through September 30, 2005
October 1, 2005 through September 30, 2006
October 1, 2006 through September 30, 2007
October 1, 2007 through September 30, 2008 and each

subsequent 12-month period through the period
October 1, 2014 through September 30, 2025

4.747
5.310
5.873
6.436

7.0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XIX-2
U.S. Notes (con.)

Apparel articles from a lesser developed beneficiary sub-Saharan African country enumerated in subdivision (d) of this note,
when such articles are described in and entered under subheading 9819.11.12, shall be counted toward the limit set forth in
this note for apparel articles described in and entered under subheading 9819.11.09 and shall, in each of the one-year periods
beginning on October 1, 2002, through October 1, 2011, be limited to an aggregate quantity not to exceed the applicable
percentage set forth herein of aggregate square meter equivalents of all apparel articles imported into the United States in
the preceding 12-month period for which data are available:

12-Month Period

Applicable Percentage

October 1, 2002 through September 30, 2003
October 1, 2003 through September 30, 2004
October 1, 2004 through September 30, 2005
October 1, 2005 through September 30, 2006
October 1, 2006 through September 30, 2007,
and each 1-year period thereafter through
September 30, 2025

2.0714
2.3571
2.6428
2.9285

3.5

Such apparel articles described in subheading 9819.11.12 shall, during the 12-month periods enumerated above, be allowed
to enter regardless of the country of origin of the fabric or yarn used to make such articles, subject to any limitations imposed
by the President in a proclamation published in the Federal Register.

(c) The aggregate quantity of imports allowed during each enumerated 12-month period shall be published in the Federal

Register by the Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements.

(d) For purposes of subheading 9819.11.12, only those designated beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries that have been

enumerated in U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, following publication of a notice by the United States Trade Representative,
shall be eligible to be treated as lesser developed beneficiary countries pursuant to section 112(b)(3)(B) of the AGOA (19
U.S.C. 3721(b)(3)(B)). Countries qualifying for designation as a lesser developed beneficiary country shall be enumerated
in this note whenever the USTR issues a Federal Register notice as described herein and shall be eligible to enter goods
under such subheading as of the effective date announced in such notice. Products of the following countries qualifying as
lesser developed beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries for purposes of such subheading, if described therein, shall be
eligible to enter thereunder, provided that such countries are named in U.S. note 1 to this subchapter on the date of entry,
or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption:

Republic of Benin; Republic of Botswana; Republic of Cape Verde; Republic of Chad; Democratic Republic of Congo,The;
Côte d'Ivoire; Republic of Djibouti; Eswatini; Gambia, The; Republic of Ghana; Guinea-Bissau; Republic of Kenya; Kingdom
of Lesotho; Republic of Liberia; Madagascar; Republic of Malawi; Islamic Republic of Mauritania; Mauritius; Republic of
Mozambique; Republic of Namibia; Federal Republic of Nigeria; Democratic Republic of Sao Tomé and Principe; Republic
of Senegal; Republic of Sierra Leone; United Republic of Tanzania; Togo; Republic of Zambia

(e) For purposes of subheading 9819.11.09 and 9819.11.12 which may be applicable to imported apparel articles from eligible
beneficiary sub-Saharan African countries pursuant to determinations of the United States International Trade Commission,
an apparel article imported thereunder may contain fabrics, fabric components formed, or components knit-to-shape that
are specified as being of a type required in the apparel articles of subheadings 9819.11.03 or 9819.11.06.

3.

(a) An article otherwise eligible for preferential treatment under any provision of this subchapter shall not be ineligible for such

treatment because the article contains--

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

findings or trimmings of foreign origin, if the value of such findings and trimmings does not exceed 25 percent of the cost of
the components of the assembled article; or

certain interlinings of foreign origin, if the value of such interlinings (and any findings and trimmings of foreign origin) does
not exceed 25 percent of the cost of the components of the assembled article; or

fibers or yarns not wholly formed in the United States or in one or more designated beneficiary countries enumerated in U.S.
note 1 to this subchapter, provided that the total weight of all such fibers and yarns is not more than 10 percent of the total
weight of the article; or

(iv) any of the following components that do not meet the requirements set forth in the provisions fo this subchapter: any collars

or cuffs (the foregoing cut or knit-to-shape), drawstrings, shoulder pads or other padding, waistbands, belt attached to the
article, straps containing elastic, or elbow patches.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XIX-3

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b) For purposes of subdivision (a)(i) above, findings or trimmings eligible under such subdivision include sewing thread, hooks

and eyes, snaps, buttons, "bow buds", decorative lace trim, elastic strips, and zippers (including zipper tapes) and labels.
Elastic strips are considered findings or trimmings only if they are each less than 2.54 cm in width and used in the production
of brassieres. For purposes of articles described in subheading 9819.11.06 and 9819.11.30, sewing thread shall not be
considered to be findings or trimmings.

(c) For purposes of subdivision (a)(ii) above, the interlinings eligible under such subdivision include only a chest type plate, a
"hymo" piece, or "sleeve header", of woven or weft-inserted warp knit construction and of coarse animal hair or man-made
filaments.

(d) For purposes of this subchapter, a "former beneficiary sub-Saharan African country" is a country that, after being designated
as a beneficiary sub-Saharan African country under the AGOA and enumerated in subdivision (a) of this note, ceased to be
designated as such a country by reason of its entering into a free trade agreement with the United States.

4.

(a) For purposes of subheading 9819.11.27, goods entered under this provision must be certified, by a competent authority of
a designated beneficiary country enumerated in U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, as eligible products of such country, in
accordance with any requirements established by the appropriate U.S. government authority.

(b) For purposes of such subheading, the phrase "ethnic printed fabrics" refers to fabrics that are--

(i)

containing a selvedge on both edges, having a width of less than 50 inches, classifiable under subheading 5208.52.30
or 5208.52.40 of the tariff schedule;

(ii) of the type that contains designs, symbols and other characteristics of African prints--

(A) normally produced for and sold on the indigenous African market, and

(B) normally sold in Africa by the piece as opposed to being tailored into garments before being sold in indigenous

African markets;

(iii) printed, including waxed, in one or more eligible beneficiary sub-Saharan countries; and

(iv)

formed in the United States, from yarns formed in the United States, or from fabric formed in one or more beneficiary
sub-Saharan African countries from yarn originating in either the United States or one or more beneficiary sub-Saharan
African countries.

[U.S. Note 5 deleted]

Statistical Note

1.

For statistical reporting of merchandise under the subheadings of this subchapter:

(a) Report the 8-digit number (or 10-digit number, if any) found in this subchapter in addition to the 10-digit number appearing

in chapters 1-97 which would be applicable but for the provisions of this subchapter; and

(b) The quantities reported should be in the units provided in chapters 1-97.

XXII
98-XIX-4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9819.11.03

1/

9819.11.06

1/

9819.11.09

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles imported from a designated beneficiary sub-Saharan
African country enumerated in U.S. note 1 to this subchapter:
Apparel articles of chapter 61 or 62 sewn or otherwise
assembled in one or more such countries (except the
Republic of Rwanda) from fabrics wholly formed and cut,
or from components knit-to-shape, in the United States,
from yarns wholly formed in the United States, or both
(including fabrics not formed from yarns, if such fabrics
are classifiable in heading 5602 or 5603 and are wholly
formed and cut in the United States), the foregoing which
(1) are embroidered or were subjected to stone-washing,
enzyme-washing, acid washing, permapressing,
oven-baking, bleaching, garment-dyeing, screen printing
or other similar processes, and (2) but for such embroidery
or processing are of a type otherwise described in heading
9802.00.80 of the tariff schedule [Compiler's Note: The
effective period for this provision ended September
30, 2025.]................................................................................

Apparel articles sewn or otherwise assembled in one or
more such countries (except the Republic of Rwanda) with
thread formed in the United States from fabrics wholly
formed in the United States and cut in one or more such
countries from yarns wholly formed in the United States,
or from components knit-to-shape in the United States
from yarns wholly formed in the United States, or both
(including fabrics not formed from yarns, if such fabrics
are classifiable under heading 5602 or 5603 of the tariff
schedule and are wholly formed in the United
States)[Compiler's Note: The effective period for this
provision ended September 30, 2025.].........................

Apparel articles wholly assembled in one or more such
countries (except the Republic of Rwanda) from fabric
wholly formed in one or more such countries from yarn
originating in either the United States or one or more such
countries (including fabrics not formed from yarns, if such
fabrics are classifiable under heading 5602 or 5603 and
are wholly formed and cut in one or more such countries),
or from components knit-to-shape in one or more such
countries from yarns originating in the United States or one
or more such countries or former beneficiary sub-Saharan
African countries (as defined in U.S. note 3(d) to this
subchapter), or both, or apparel articles wholly formed on
seamless knitting machines in such a country from yarns
originating in the United States or one or more such
countries or former beneficiary sub-Saharan African
countries (as defined in U.S. note 3(d) to this subchapter),
or both, whether or not the apparel articles are also made
from any of the fabrics, fabric components formed, or
components knit-to-shape described in U.S. note 2(e) to
this subchapter (unless the apparel articles are made
exclusively from any of the fabrics, fabric components
formed, or components knit-to-shape described in such
U.S. note 2(e)), subject to the provisions of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter[Compiler's Note: The effective period
for this provision ended September 30, 2025.]..........

1/

1/

Free

Free

1/

Free

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9819.11.12

1/

9819.11.15

1/

9819.11.18

1/

9819.11.21

1/

9819.11.24

1/

9819.11.27

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XIX-5

2

Articles imported from a designated beneficiary sub-Saharan
African country enumerated in U.S. note 1 to this subchapter:
(con.)

Apparel articles wholly assembled, or knit-to-shape and
wholly assembled, or both, in one or more such lesser
developed countries (except the Republic of Rwanda)
enumerated in U.S. note 2(d) to this subchapter, subject
to the provisions of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter,
regardless of the country of origin of the fabric or the yarn
used to make such articles, if entered during the period
beginning on the date announced in a Federal Register
notice issued by the United States Trade Representative
and continuing through September 30, 2025, inclusive
[Compiler's Note: The effective period for this
provision ended September 30, 2025.].........................

Sweaters, in chief weight of cashmere, knit-to-shape in
one or more such countries (except the Republic of
Rwanda), the foregoing classifiable in subheading 6110.12
[Compiler's Note: The effective period for this
provision ended September 30, 2025.].........................

Sweaters containing 50 percent or more by weight of wool
measuring 21.5 microns in diameter or finer, knit-to-shape
in one or more such countries (except the Republic of
Rwanda). [Compiler's Note: The effective period for
this provision ended September 30, 2025.].................

Apparel articles both cut (or knit-to-shape) and sewn or
otherwise assembled in one or more such countries (except
the Republic of Rwanda), to the extent that apparel articles
of such fabrics or yarns would be eligible for the tariff
treatment provided in general note 11 to the tariff schedule,
without regard to the source of the fabrics or
yarns[Compiler's Note: The effective period for this
provision ended September 30, 2025.].........................

Apparel articles both cut (or knit-to-shape) and sewn or
otherwise assembled in one or more such countries (except
the Republic of Rwanda) from fabrics or yarn designated
by the appropriate U.S. government authority in the Federal
Register as fabrics or yarn not available in commercial
quantities in the United States, under any terms as such
authority may provide[Compiler's Note: The effective
period for this provision ended September 30,
2025.]......................................................................................

Handloomed, handmade, folklore articles (except apparel
articles the product of the Republic of Rwanda) or ethnic
printed fabrics, under the provisions of U.S. note 4 to this
subchapter[Compiler's Note: The effective period for
this provision ended September 30, 2025.].................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

XXII
98-XIX-6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9819.11.30

1/

9819.11.33

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles imported from a designated beneficiary sub-Saharan
African country enumerated in U.S. note 1 to this subchapter:
(con.)

Apparel articles sewn or otherwise assembled in one or
more such countries (except the Republic of Rwanda) with
thread formed in the United States, the foregoing (i) from
components cut in the United States and in one or more
such countries or former beneficiary sub-Saharan African
countries (as defined in U.S. note 3(d) to this subchapter)
from fabric wholly formed in the United States from yarns
wholly formed in the United States (including fabrics not
formed from yarns, if such fabrics are classifiable under
heading 5602 or 5603 of the tariff schedule), or (ii) from
components knit-to-shape in the United States and one or
more such countries from yarns wholly formed in the United
States, or (iii) from any combination of two or more of the
foregoing knitting-to-shape or cutting
operations[Compiler's Note: The effective period for
this provision ended September 30, 2025.].................

Textile articles classifiable under chapters 50 through 60,
inclusive, or chapter 63 of the tariff schedule, the foregoing
articles that are products of a lesser developed beneficiary
sub-Saharan African country (as defined in U.S. note 2(d) to
this subchapter) and are wholly formed in one or more such
countries from fibers, yarns, fabrics, fabric components or
components knit-to-shape that are the product of one or more
such countries[Compiler's Note: The effective period for
this provision ended September 30, 2025.]........................

1/

1/

Free

Free

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XX

GOODS ELIGIBLE FOR SPECIAL TARIFF BENEFITS UNDER THE
UNITED STATES-CARIBBEAN BASIN TRADE PARTNERSHIP ACT

XXII
98-XX-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

The tariff treatment provided in this subchapter shall be accorded only to textile and apparel articles that are described in such
subheadings and imported directly into the customs territory of the United States from a designated United States-Caribbean
Basin Trade Partnership Act (CBTPA) beneficiary country enumerated in general note 17(a) to the tariff schedule. The following
countries have been determined by the USTR to have satisfied the customs requirements of the CBTPA and, therefore, to be
afforded the tariff treatment provided for in this note:

Barbados, Belize, Curaçao, Guyana, Haiti, Jamaica, Saint Lucia, Trinidad and Tobago
(a) Except as provided in this note, textile and apparel articles described in subheadings 9820.11.03 through 9820.11.33,
inclusive, of this subchapter that are imported directly into the customs territory of the United States from a designated
beneficiary CBTPA country enumerated in general note 17(a) to the tariff schedule shall be eligible to enter free of duty and
free of any quantitative limitations, except as provided in this subchapter, under the terms of the provisions set forth in such
subheadings and applicable legal notes, as indicated by the rate of duty of "Free" in the Special rates of duty subcolumn for
such provisions. For purposes of subheadings 9820.11.03, 9820.11.06, 9820.11.18, and 9820.11.33, apparel articles entered
on or after September 1, 2002, that are assembled in a beneficiary CBTPA country from knitted or crocheted fabrics or from
woven fabrics shall be eligible to receive the duty treatment provided for in this note only if all dyeing, printing and finishing
of such fabrics from which the articles are assembled is carried out in the United States.

(b)

Imports of apparel articles under subheading 9820.11.09 shall be limited, in the period beginning on October 2, 2000 and
continuing through the close of September 30, 2001, to an aggregate quantity not to exceed 250,000,000 square meter
equivalents. Such imports of apparel articles shall be limited, during each of the one-year periods provided for herein, to the
following aggregate quantity of square meter equivalents:

12-Month Period

Square Meter Equivalents

October 1, 2001 through September 30, 2002.............................
October 1, 2002 through September 30, 2003.............................
October 1, 2003 through September 30, 2004.............................
October 1, 2004 through September 30, 2005.............................
and subsequent 12-month periods.............................................

290,000,000
500,000,000
850,000,000

970,000,000

(c)

Imports of t-shirts under subheading 9820.11.12 shall be limited, in the period beginning on October 2, 2000 and continuing
through the close of September 30, 2001, to an aggregate quantity not to exceed 4,200,000 dozen. Such imports of such
t-shirts shall be limited, during each of the one-year periods provided for herein, to the following aggregate quantity:

12-Month Period

Aggregate Quantity in Dozens

October 1, 2001 through September 30, 2002.............................
October 1, 2002 through September 30, 2003.............................
October 1, 2003 through September 30, 2004.............................
October 1, 2004 through September 30, 2005

4,872,000
9,000,000
10,000,000

and subsequent 12-month periods.............................................

12,000,000

(d) For purposes of subheading 9820.11.15, imports of brassieres of a producer or an entity controlling production, during the
period beginning on October 1, 2001, and during each of the six succeeding 1-year periods, shall be eligible for preferential
treatment only if the aggregate cost of fabrics (exclusive of all findings and trimmings) formed in the United States that are
used in the production of all such articles of that producer or entity that are entered and eligible under subheading 9820.11.15
during the preceding 1-year period is at least 75 percent of the aggregate declared customs value of the fabric (exclusive
of all findings and trimmings) contained in all such articles of that producer or entity that are entered and eligible under
subheading 9820.11.15 during the preceding 1-year period. The United States Customs Service shall develop and implement
methods and procedures to ensure ongoing compliance with the provisions of this paragraph. If the Customs Service finds
that a producer or an entity controlling production has not satisfied such provisions in a 1-year period, then such apparel
articles of that producer or entity shall be ineligible for preferential treatment under subheading 9820.11.15 during any
succeeding 1-year period until the aggregate cost of fabrics (exclusive of all findings and trimmings) formed in the United
States used in the production of such articles of that producer or entity entered during the preceding 12-month period is at
least 85 percent of the aggregate declared customs value of the fabric (exclusive of all findings and trimmings) contained in
all such articles of that producer or entity that are entered and eligible under subheading 9820.11.15 during the preceding
1-year period.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XX-2
U.S. Notes (con.)

3.

(a) An article otherwise eligible for preferential treatment under any provision of this subchapter shall not be ineligible for such

treatment because the article contains--

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

findings or trimmings of foreign origin, if the value of such findings and trimmings does not exceed 25 percent of the
cost of the components of the assembled article; or

certain interlinings of foreign origin, if the value of such interlinings (and any findings and trimmings of foreign origin)
does not exceed 25 percent of the cost of the components of the assembled article; or

fibers or yarns not wholly formed in the United States or in one or more designated beneficiary countries enumerated
in general note 17(a) to the tariff schedule, provided that the total weight of all such fibers and yarns is not more than 7
percent of the total weight of the article; or

(iv)

thread, used to assemble such apparel article, that is dyed, printed or finished in one or more CBTPA beneficiary
countries.

Notwithstanding subdivision (iii) above, an apparel article containing elastomeric yarns shall be eligible for preferential tariff
treatment under this note only if such yarns are wholly formed in the United States.

(b) For purposes of subdivision (a)(i) above, findings or trimmings eligible under such subdivision include sewing thread, hooks

and eyes, snaps, buttons, "bow buds", decorative lace trim, elastic strips, zippers (including zipper tapes) and labels and
other similar products. Elastic strips are considered findings or trimmings only if they are each less than 2.54 cm in width
and used in the production of brassieres. For purposes of articles described in subheading 9820.11.06, 9820.11.18, and
9820.11.33, sewing thread shall not be considered to be findings or trimmings.

(c) For purposes of subdivision (a)(ii) above, the interlinings eligible under such subdivision include only a chest type plate, a
"hymo" piece, or "sleeve header", of woven or weft-inserted warp knit construction and of coarse animal hair or man-made
filaments.

(d) For purposes of U.S. note 7(i) to subchapter II of this chapter and subheadings 9820.11.03, 9820.11.06 and 9820.11.18, an
article otherwise eligible for preferential treatment under such subheadings shall not be ineligible for such treatment because
the article contains nylon filament yarn (other than elastomeric yarn) classifiable under subheading 5402.11.30, 5402.11.60,
5402.19.30, 5402.19.60, 5402.31.30, 5402.31.60, 5402.32.30, 5402.32.60, 5402.45.10, 5402.45.90, 5402.51.00 or 5402.61.00
of the tariff schedule that entered free of duty as a product of Israel under the terms of general note 8 to the tariff schedule
or as a good of Canada or a good of Mexico under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule.

4.

For purposes of subheading 9820.11.30, goods entered under this provision must be certified, by a competent authority of a
designated beneficiary country enumerated in general note 17(a) to the tariff schedule, as eligible products of such country, in
accordance with requirements established by the appropriate U.S. government authority.

5. Articles that undergo production in a CBTPA beneficiary country and a former CBTPA beneficiary country.

(a) For purposes of determining the eligibility of an article for preferential treatment under this subchapter references to--

(i)

a "CBTPA beneficiary country" shall be considered to include any former CBPTA beneficiary country, and

(ii)

"CBTPA beneficiary countries" shall be considered to include former CBTPA beneficiary countries,

if the article, or a good used in the production of the article, undergoes production in a CBPTA beneficiary country.

(b) An article that is eligible for preferential treatment under subdivision (a) of this note shall not be ineligible for such treatment

because the article is imported directly from a former CBTPA beneficiary country.

(c) Notwithstanding subdivisions (a) and (b) of this note, an article that is a good of a former CBTPA beneficiary country for
purposes of section 304 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304) or section 334 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act
(19 U.S.C. 3592), as the case may be, shall not be eligible for preferential treatment under this note.

(d) Notwithstanding subdivision (c) of this note, an article shall be eligible for preferential treatment under this note if--

(1)

the article is a good of Dominican Republic for purposes of section 304 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304) or
section 334 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3592), as the case may be, and

(2)

the article, or a good used in the production of the article, undergoes production in Haiti.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XX-3

U.S. Notes (con.)

(e) (i)

For the purposes of this subchapter, the term "former CBTPA beneficiary country" means a country that ceases to be
designated as a CBTPA beneficiary country under U.S. note 1 to this subchapter because the country has become a
party to a free trade agreement with the United States.

(ii) For the purposes of this note, the following countries are former CBTPA beneficiary countries:

El Salvador
Honduras

Dominican Republic
Guatemala

Nicaragua
Costa Rica

Panama

6.

Implementation of the Haitian Hemispheric Opportunity Through Partnership Encouragement Act of 2006. [Compiler's note:
The Haiti/HOPE program expired on September 30, 2025. Headings 9820.61.25 and 9820.61.30 expired on December 20,
2025. See section 301 of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114-27).]

(a) For purposes of heading 9820.85.44, any product of Haiti described in such heading and classifiable in subheading 8544.30.00
of the tariff schedule that is imported directly from Haiti into the customs territory of the United States shall be eligible for the
duty treatment provided therein during the period from December 20, 2006, through December 19, 2020, inclusive, provided
that--

(i)

(ii)

the cost or value of the materials produced in Haiti or one or more of the countries set forth in subdivision (b) of this
note, or any combination thereof, plus

the direct costs of processing operations (as defined in general note 7(b) to the tariff schedule) performed in Haiti or the
United States, or both,

is not less than 50 percent of the declared customs value of such product.

(b) (i)

For purposes of subdivisions (a)(i) and (c) of this note, the countries included are the United States, Israel, Canada,
Mexico, Jordan, Singapore, Chile, Australia, Morocco, Bahrain, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Guatemala, Dominican
Republic, Costa Rica, Peru, Oman, Korea, Colombia, Panama and designated beneficiary countries enumerated in
general notes 11, 16 or 17 to the tariff schedule.

(ii) For purposes of this note, an applicable 1-year period shall comprise the time period starting on December 20 of a
calendar year from 2006 through 2017, inclusive, and ending on December 19 in the subsequent calendar year. 1/

(c) Apparel articles of a producer or entity controlling production that are imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic
under the terms of heading 9820.61.25 shall enter the United States free of duty during an applicable 1-year period specified
in subdivision (b)(ii), subject to the limitations set forth in this note, provided that such apparel articles are wholly assembled,
or are knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics, fabric components, components knit-to-shape and yarns, only
if, for each entry in the applicable 1-year period, the sum of--

(i)

(ii)

the cost or value of the materials produced in Haiti or one or more countries enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note,
or any combination thereof, plus

the direct costs of processing operations (as defined in general note 7(b) to the tariff schedule) performed in Haiti or one
or more countries enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note, or any combination thereof,

is not less than the applicable percentage (as defined in subdivision (f) of this note) of the declared customs value of such
apparel articles.

(d)

In calculating cost or value under subdivision (c)(i) of this note, there shall be deducted the cost or value of--

(i)

any foreign materials that are used in the production of the apparel articles in Haiti; and

(ii) any foreign materials that are used in the production of the materials described in subdivision (c)(i).

(e) For purposes of heading 9820.61.30--

(i)

In the initial applicable 1-year period beginning on December 20, 2006, the requirements under subdivision (c) relating
to applicable percentage may also be met for articles of a producer or an entity controlling production that enter during
such initial applicable 1-year period by aggregating--

(A)

the cost or value of materials under subdivision (c)(i), and

1/ The Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 extended the preferences under HOPE (and HOPE II and HELP) until the close of
December 19, 2025,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XX-4
U.S. Notes (con.)

(B)

the direct costs of processing operations under subdivision (c)(ii),

of all apparel articles for that producer or entity controlling production that are wholly assembled, or are knit-to-shape, in
Haiti and are entered during such initial applicable 1-year period.

(ii)

In each 1-year period specified in subdivision (b)(ii) of such note after the initial applicable 1-year period, the requirements
under subdivision (c)(i) relating to applicable percentage may also be met for articles of a producer or an entity controlling
production that enter during such applicable 1-year period by aggregating--

(A)

the cost or value of materials under subdivision (c)(i), and

(B)

the direct costs of processing operations under subdivision (c)(ii),

of all apparel articles for that producer or entity controlling production that are wholly assembled, or are knit-to-shape, in
Haiti and are entered during the preceding applicable 1-year period.

(iii)

In calculating cost or value under subdivision (e)(i) or (e)(ii), there shall be deducted the cost or value of--

(A) any foreign materials that are used in the production of the apparel articles in Haiti; and

(B) any foreign materials that are used in the production of the materials described in subdivision (e)(i)(A) or (e)(ii)(A),

as the case may be.

(iv) Entries of apparel articles that receive preferential treatment under any provision of law other than this note or are subject
to the column 1-general rate of duty under the tariff schedule are not included in the annual aggregation under subdivision
(e)(i) or (e)(ii) of this note unless the producer or entity controlling production elects, at the time the annual aggregation
calculation is made, to include such entries in such aggregation.

(f) For purposes of this note--

(i)

the term "applicable percentage" means--

(A) 50 percent or more during the 1-year periods beginning on December 20 in 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011,

2012, 2013 or 2014;

(B) 55 percent or more during the 1-year periods beginning on December 20 in 2015 or 2016; and

(C) 60 percent or more during the 1-year period beginning on December 20, 2017.

(ii)

the term "foreign material" means a material produced in a country other than Haiti or any country enumerated in
subdivision (b) of this note.

(iii) For purposes of determining the applicable percentage under subdivision (c), (e)(i) or (e)(ii) of this note, there may be

included in that percentage--

(A)

the cost of fabrics or yarns to the extent that apparel articles of such fabrics or yarns would be eligible for preferential
treatment, without regard to the source of the fabrics or yarns, under general note 11(o) to the tariff schedule; and

(B)

the cost of fabrics or yarns that are designated as not being available in commercial quantities for purposes of--

(1) heading 9820.11.27;

(2) heading 9819.11.24;

(3) heading 9822.05.01, or

(4) heading 9822.06.20,

without regard to the source of the fabrics or yarns.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XX-5

U.S. Notes (con.)

(g) (i)

The preferential treatment accorded under headings 9820.61.25 and 9820.61.30 shall be extended, during each of the
applicable 1-year periods set forth in the table below, to not more than the corresponding percentage of the aggregate
square meter equivalents of all apparel articles imported into the United States in the most recent 12-month period for
which data are available and published in the Federal Register by the Committee for the Implementation of Textile
Agreements:

Applicable 1-year period

December 20, 2006-December 19, 2007
December 20, 2007-December 19, 2008,

and each succeeding 1-year period through
December 20, 2017-December 19, 2018

Percentage

1 percent

1.25 percent.

No preferential treatment shall be provided under this subdivision after the close of December 19, 2018. 1/

(ii) Any apparel article that qualifies for preferential treatment under subdivisions (h) through (p), inclusive, of this note or

any other provision of the tariff schedule shall not be subject to, or included in the calculation of, the quantitative limitations
under subdivision (g)(i) of this note.

(h) (i)

The preferential treatment provided under heading 9820.62.05 shall be extended to any apparel article classifiable under
chapter 62 of the tariff schedule that is wholly assembled, or knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics,
fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns and is imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic,
subject to subdivisions (h)(ii) and (h)(iii) of this note, without regard to the source of the fabric, fabric components,
components knit-to-shape or yarns from which the article is made.

(ii) Except as provided in subdivision (h)(iv) of this note, the preferential treatment provided under subdivision (h)(i) of this

note shall be extended, in the 1-year period beginning October 1, 2008, and in each of the eleven succeeding 1-year
periods, to not more than 70,000,000 square meter equivalents of apparel articles described in such subdivision.

(iii) Any apparel article that qualifies for preferential treatment under subdivision (g) or subdivisions (i) through (p), inclusive,
of this note or any other provision of the tariff schedule shall not be subject to, or included in the calculation of, the
quantitative limitation under subdivision (ii) of this note.

(iv) (A) Except as provided in subdivisions (h)(iv)(B) and (h)(iv)(C) of this note and subject to subdivision (h)(iv)(D), if

52,000,000 square meter equivalents of apparel articles described in subdivision (h)(i) or (j)(i) of this note enter the
United States during the 1-year period beginning October 1, 2009, or any of the succeeding 1-year periods, the
preferential treatment described in such subdivision (h)(i) or (j)(i) of this note(as the case may be) to not more than
200,000,000 square meter equivalents of apparel articles described in such subdivision (h)(i) or (j)(i) of this note (as
the case may be) during that 1-year period in a notice of the extension published in the Federal Register.

(B) (I)

In the case of apparel articles described in subdivision (h)(iv)(B)(II) of this note, subdivision (h)(iv)(B)(I) shall be
applied by substituting "70,000,000" for "200,000,000".

1/ The Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 extended the preferences under HOPE (and HOPE II and HELP) until the close of
December 19, 2025,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XX-6
U.S. Notes (con.)

(II) Apparel articles described in this subdivision are apparel articles described below that fall within the statistical

reporting numbers of the tariff schedule (as in effect on May 23, 2010), enumerated below:

6203.19.1020, 6203.19.9020, 6203.22.3020, 6203.22.3030, 6203.23.0060, 6203.23.0070, 6203.29.2030,
6203.29.2035, 6203.42.4003, 6203.42.4006, 6203.42.4011, 6203.42.4016, 6203.42.4026, 6203.42.4036,
6203.42.4046, 6203.42.4051, 6203.42.4061, 6203.43.2500, 6203.43.3510, 6203.43.3590, 6203.43.4010,
6203.43.4020, 6203.43.4030, 6203.43.4040, 6203.49.1500, 6203.49.2015, 6203.49.2030, 6203.49.2045,
6203.49.2060, 6203.49.8020, 6203.49.8030, 6204.12.0030, 6204.19.8030, 6204.22.3040, 6204.22.3050,
6204.23.0040, 6204.23.0045, 6204.29.2020, 6204.29.2025, 6204.29.4034, 6204.29.4038, 6204.62.3000,
6204.62.4003, 6204.62.4006, 6204.62.4011, 6204.62.4021, 6204.62.4031, 6204.62.4041, 6204.62.4051,
6204.62.4056, 6204.62.4066, 6204.63.2000, 6204.63.3010, 6204.63.3090, 6204.63.3510, 6204.63.3530,
6204.63.3532, 6204.63.3540, 6204.69.2510, 6204.69.2530, 6204.69.2540, 6204.69.2560, 6204.69.6010,
6204.69.6030, 6204.69.9010, 6204.69.9030, 6210.40.5031, 6210.40.5039, 6210.40.9033, 6210.50.5031,
6210.50.5039, 6210.50.9060, 6211.20.1520, 6211.20.1525, 6211.20.1550, 6211.20.1555, 6211.20.3810,
6211.20.3820, 6211.20.6810, 6211.20.6820, 6211.32.0040, 6211.33.0030, 6211.42.0030, 6211.43.0040,
6217.90.9050 or 6217.90.9060.

(C) (I)

In the case of apparel articles described in subdivision (h)(iv)(C)(II) of this note, subdivision (h)(iv)(B)(I) shall
be applied by substituting "85,000,000" for "200,000,000".

(II) Apparel articles described in this subdivision are apparel articles described below that fall within the statistical

reporting numbers of the tariff schedule (as in effect on May 23, 2010), enumerated below:

6105.10.0010, 6209.10.0018, 6109.10.0027, 6109.10.0040, 6109.10.0045, 6110.20.2079, 6110.30.3053 or
6110.30.3059.

(D) (I) Not later than April 1, July 1, October 1 and January 1 of each year, the Commissioner responsible for United
States Customs and Border Protection shall verify that apparel articles imported into the United States under
subdivision (h)(iv) of this note are not being unlawfully transshipped (within the meaning of 19 U.S.C. 2703a(f)(2))
into the United States.

(II)

If the Commissioner determines pursuant to subdivision (h)(iv)(D)(I) of this note that apparel articles imported
into the United States under subdivision (h)(iv) of this note are being unlawfully transshipped into the United
States, the Commissioner shall report that determination to the President.

(III) If, in any 1-year period with respect to which preferential treatment is available under subdivision (h)(iv) of this
note, the Commissioner reports to the President pursuant to subdivision (I) regarding unlawful transshipments,
the President--

(aa) may modify the quantitative limitation under subdivision (h)(iv) of this note as the President considers

appropriate to account for such transshipments; and

(bb) if the President modifies the limitation as described in subdivision (aa) above, shall publish notice of the

modification in the Federal Register.

(i)

The preferential treatment provided under heading 9820.62.12 shall be extended to any article classifiable in subheading
6212.10 of the tariff schedule, if the article is wholly assembled, or knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics,
fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns and is imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic, without
regard to the source of the fabric, fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns from which the article is made.

(j)

(i)

The preferential treatment provided in heading 9820.61.35 shall be extended to any apparel article classifiable under
chapter 61 of the tariff schedule that is wholly assembled, or knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics,
fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns and is imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic,
subject to subdivisions (j)(ii), (j)(iii) and (j)(iv) of this note, without regard to the source of the fabric, fabric components,
components knit-to-shape or yarns from which the article is made.

(ii) The preferential treatment described in subdivision (j)(i) of this note shall not apply to the following:

(A)

the following apparel articles of cotton, for men or boys, that are classifiable under subheading 6109.10.00 of the
tariff schedule:

(1) all white T-shirts, with short hemmed sleeves and hemmed bottom, with crew or round neckline or with V-neck

and with a mitered seam at the center of the V, and without pockets, trim or embroidery;

(2) all white singlets, without pockets, trim or embroidery;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XX-7

U.S. Notes (con.)

(3) other T-shirts, but not including thermal undershirts;

(B) T-shirts for men or boys that are classifiable under subheading 6109.90.10;

(C)

the following apparel articles of cotton, for men or boys, that are classifiable under subheading 6110.20.20 of the
tariff schedule:

(1) sweatshirts; or

(2) pullovers, other than sweaters, vests or garments imported as part of playsuits; or

(D) sweatshirts for men or boys, of man-made fibers and containing less than 65 percent by weight of man-made fibers,

that are classifiable under subheading 6110.30.30 of the tariff schedule.

(iii) Except as provided in subdivision (h)(iv) of this note, the preferential treatment described in subdivision (j)(i) of this note
shall be extended, in the 1-year period beginning October 1, 2008, and in each of the eleven succeeding 1-year periods,
to not more than 70,000,000 square meter equivalents of apparel articles described in such subdivision.

(iv) Any apparel that qualifies for preferential treatment under subdivisions (g) through (i) or (k) through (p), inclusive, of this
note or any other provision of the tariff schedule shall not be subject to, or included in the calculation of, the quantitative
limitation under subdivision (j)(iii) of this note.

(k) The preferential treatment provided in heading 9820.61.40 shall be extended to any of the following apparel articles that is
wholly assembled, or knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics, fabric components, components knit-to-shape
or yarns and is imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic without regard to the source of the fabric, fabric
components, components knit-to-shape or yarns from which the article is made:

(i) with respect to chapter 61, subheadings 6102.20.00, 6102.90.90 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6104.13.20,
6104.19.15, 6104.19.60 (for jackets imported as parts of suits), 6104.19.80 (for jackets imported as parts of suits and
subject to cotton restraints or subject to man-made fiber restraints), 6104.22.00 (for garments described in heading 6102
or jackets and blazers described in heading 6104), 6104.29.20 (for garments described in heading 6102 or jackets and
blazers described in heading 6104, the foregoing subject to cotton restraints), 6104.32.00, 6104.39.20 (for goods subject
to cotton restraints), 6112.11.00 (for women's or girls' garments described in heading 6101 or 6102), 6113.00.90 (for
coats and jackets of cotton, for women or girls) or 6117.90.90 (for coats and jackets of cotton); or

(ii) with respect to chapter 62, subheading 6202.30.20, 6202.40.65, 6202.90.29 (for goods subject to cotton restraints),

6202.91.20 (for goods for women), 6202.92.15, 6202.92.20 (other than padded, sleeveless jackets without attachments
for sleeves), 6202.99.90 (for goods subject to cotton restraints), 6203.39.90 (for goods subject to wool restraints),
6204.12.00 (for jackets imported as parts of suits), 6204.13.20, 6204.19.20, 6204.19.80 (for jackets imported as parts
of suits and subject to cotton restraints, or for goods subject to man-made fiber restraints), 6204.22.30 (for garments
described in heading 6202, or for jackets and blazers described in heading 6204), 6204.23.00, 6204.29, 6204.32,
6204.33.20, 6204.39.80, 6204.42.30 (for garments for girls, other than of corduroy), 6204.43.40 (for garments for girls),
6204.44.40 (for garments for girls), 6205.20.20 (for dress shirts for men, with two or more colors in the warp and/or the
filling, each with collar and sleeve size stated in inches, without dual collar sizing, the foregoing individually packaged
with chipboards, pins, jett clips, individual polybags and hang tags ready for retail sale), 6205.30.20 (for dress shirts for
men, with two or more colors in the warp and/or the filling, each with collar and sleeve size stated in inches, without dual
collar sizing, the foregoing individually packaged with chipboards, pins, jett clips, individual polybags and hang tags
ready for retail sale), 6207 (for boxers, pajamas or nightwear only), 6208 (for boxers, pajamas or nightwear only),
6209.20.10, 6210.30.90 (for garments other than of linen), 6210.50.90 (for anoraks), 6211.20.15 (for anoraks (including
ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), for women or girls, of cotton,
imported as parts of ski suits), 6211.20.58 (for goods of cotton), 6211.49.11 (for jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6202), 6211.42.00 (for track suits, other than trousers, or for jackets and jacket-type garments
excluded from heading 6202), 6212.10 or 6217.90.90 (for coats and jackets, of cotton).

(l)

The preferential tariff treatment provided in heading 9820.42.05 shall be extended to any article classifiable under subheading
4202.12, 4202.22, 4202.32 or 4202.92 of the tariff schedule that is wholly assembled in Haiti and is imported directly from
Haiti or the Dominican Republic, without regard to the source of the fabric, components or materials from which the article
is made.

(m) The preferential tariff treatment provided in heading 9820.65.05 shall be extended to any article classifiable under heading
6501, 6502 or 6504 or subheading subheadings 6505.00.04 through 6505.00.90 of the tariff schedule that is wholly assembled,
knit-to-shape or formed in Haiti from any combination of fabrics, fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns and
is imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic, without regard to the source of the fabric, fabric components,
components knit-to-shape or yarns from which the article is made.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XX-8
U.S. Notes (con.)

(n) The preferential tariff treatment provided in heading 9820.62.20 shall be extended to any of the following apparel articles
that is wholly assembled, or knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics, fabric components, components
knit-to-shape or yarns and is imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic, without regard to the source of the
fabric, fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns from which the article is made:

(i) Pajama bottoms and other sleepwear for women and girls, of cotton, that are classifiable under subheading 6208.91.30,

or of man-made fibers, that are classifiable under subheading 6208.92.00; or

(ii) Pajama bottoms and other sleepwear for girls, of other textile materials, that are classifiable under subheading 6208.99.20.

(o) The preferential treatment provided under heading 9820.62.25 shall be extended to apparel articles wholly assembled, or

knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics, fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns and imported
directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic, without regard to the source of the fabric, fabric components, components
knit-to-shape or yarns from which the articles are made, if such apparel articles are accompanied by an earned import
allowance certificate that reflects the amount of credits equal to the total square meter equivalents of such apparel articles,
in accordance with the program established by the Secretary of Commerce pursuant to section 15402 of Public Law 110-246.
For purposes of determining the quantity of square meter equivalents under this subdivision, the conversion factors listed
in "Correlation: U.S. Textile and Apparel Industry Category System with the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States,
2008" or its successor publications of the United States Department of Commerce shall apply.

(p) The preferential treatment provided under heading 9820.62.30 shall be extended to any apparel article that is wholly

assembled, or knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics, fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns
and is imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic, without regard to the source of the fabrics, fabric components,
components knit-to-shape or yarns from which the article is made, if the fabrics, fabric components, components knit-to-shape
or yarns comprising the component that determines the tariff classification of the article are of any of the following:

(i)

(ii)

fabrics or yarns, to the extent that apparel articles of such fabrics or yarns would be eligible for preferential treatment,
without regard to the source of the fabrics or yarns, under general note 11(o) to the tariff schedule;

fabrics or yarns, to the extent that such fabrics or yarns are designated as not being available in commercial quantities
for purposes of--

(A) heading 9820.11.27;

(B) heading 9819.11.24;

(C) heading 9822.05.01; or

(D) any other provision, relating to determining whether a textile or apparel article is an originating good eligible for

preferential treatment, of a law that implements a free trade agreement entered into by the United States that is in
effect at the time the claim for preferential treatment is made,

without regard to the source of the fabrics or yarns.

(q) (i)

For purposes of heading 9820.61.45, any of the apparel articles described in subdivision (q)(ii) of this note that is wholly
assembled, or knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics, fabrics components, components knit-to-shape or
yarns and is imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic shall enter the United States free of duty, without
regard to the source of the fabric, fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns from which the article is made.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XX-9

U.S. Notes (con.)

(ii) The apparel articles that are eligible for the treatment provided under subdivision (q)(i) of this note are apparel articles
that are described in the following statistical reporting numbers of the tariff schedule, as in effect on May 23, 2010:

6101.30.1000, 6101.30.1500, 6101.90.0500, 6101.90.9010, 6101.90.9020, 6101.90.9030, 6102.30.0500,
6102.30.1000, 6102.90.9010, 6102.90.9015, 6103.22.0010, 6103.22.0050, 6103.23.0005, 6103.23.0007,
6103.23.0025, 6103.23.0036, 6103.23.0037, 6103.23.0075, 6103.29.0500, 6103.29.0510, 6103.29.0520,
6103.29.1010, 6103.29.1015, 6103.29.1050, 6103.31.0000, 6103.33.1000, 6103.33.2000, 6103.39.1000,
6103.39.8020, 6103.39.8030, 6104.22.0010, 6104.22.0030, 6104.22.0060, 6104.23.0010, 6104.23.0020,
6104.23.0025, 6104.23.0036, 6104.29.0510, 6104.29.0560, 6104.29.1010, 6104.29.1050, 6104.29.2010,
6104.29.2012, 6104.29.2014, 6104.29.2022, 6104.29.2049, 6104.29.2051, 6104.29.2055, 6104.33.1000,
6104.39.2020, 6104.39.2030, 6104.44.2020, 6104.49.9010, 6104.49.9030, 6104.52.0010, 6104.52.0020,
6104.59.8010, 6105.90.1000, 6105.90.8010, 6105.90.8020, 6105.90.8030, 6106.20.1020, 6106.90.1010,
6106.90.1020, 6106.90.2510, 6106.90.2520, 6106.90.2530, 6106.90.3010, 6106.90.3020, 6106.90.3030,
6107.21.0010, 6107.21.0020, 6107.21.0030, 6107.22.0010, 6107.22.0015, 6107.22.0025, 6107.91.0030,
6107.91.0040, 6107.91.0090, 6107.99.1030, 6108.31.0010, 6108.31.0020, 6108.32.0015, 6110.11.0070,
6110.12.2070, 6110.12.2080, 6110.19.0070, 6110.19.0080, 6110.20.1031, 6110.20.1033, 6110.30.1050,
6110.30.1060, 6110.30.1550, 6110.30.1560, 6110.30.2051, 6110.30.2053, 6110.30.2061, 6110.30.2063,
6112.11.0010, 6112.11.0020, 6112.11.0030, 6112.11.0040, 6112.12.0010, 6112.12.0020, 6112.12.0030,
6112.12.0040, 6112.19.1010, 6112.19.1020, 6112.19.1030, 6112.19.1040, 6112.20.1010, 6112.20.1020,
6112.20.1030, 6112.20.1040, 6113.00.9015, 6113.00.9025 or 6113.00.9030.

(r)

(i)

For purposes of heading 9820.63.05, any made-up textile article described in subdivision (r)(ii) of this note that is wholly
assembled, or knit-to-shape, in Haiti from any combination of fabrics, fabric components, components knit-to-shape or
yarns and is imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic shall enter the United States free of duty, without
regard to the source of the fabric, fabric components, components knit-to-shape or yarns from which the article is made.

(ii) The made-up textile articles that are eligible for the treatment provided under subdivision (r)(i) of this note are the made-up
textile articles that are described in the following statistical reporting numbers of the tariff schedule, as in effect on May
23, 2010:

5601.10.2000, 5601.22.0090, 5601.29.0010, 5601.29.0020, 5601.29.0090, 5701.10.9000, 5701.90.1030, 5701.90.2010,
5701.90.2020, 5701.90.2030, 5702.31.1000, 5702.31.2000, 5702.32.1000, 5702.32.2000, 5702.39.2010, 5702.42.2090,
5702.50.2000, 5702.50.4000, 5702.50.5200, 5702.50.5600, 5702.91.3000, 5702.91.4000, 5702.92.1000, 5702.92.9000,
5702.99.0500, 5702.99.1500, 5703.10.2000, 5703.10.8000, 5703.21.0010, 5703.21.0090, 5703.29.1000, 5703.29.2010,
5703.29.2090, 5703.31.0030, 5703.31.0060, 5703.31.0085, 5703.39.1000, 5703.39.2030, 5703.39.2090, 5704.10.0010,
5704.10.0090, 5705.00.2005, 5705.00.2015, 5705.00.2030, 5807.10.0510, 5807.10.0520, 5807.90.0510, 5807.90.0520,
6301.30.0010, 6301.30.0020, 6301.40.0010, 6301.40.0020, 6301.90.0010, 6301.90.0020, 6301.90.0030, 6302.39.0010,
6302.60.0010, 6302.60.0020, 6302.60.0030, 6302.91.0005, 6302.91.0015, 6302.91.0035, 6302.91.0045, 6302.91.0050,
6304.11.2000, 6304.11.3000, 6304.19.3040, 6304.19.3060, 6304.91.0020, 6304.91.0040, 6304.91.0050, 6304.91.0070,
6304.92.0000, 6304.93.0000, 6304.99.1500, 6304.99.3500, 6304.99.6010, 6304.99.6020, 6304.99.6040, 6305.20.0000,
6305.32.0010, 6305.32.0020, 6305.32.0050, 6305.32.0060, 6305.39.0000, 6305.90.0000, 6307.10.1020, 6307.10.1090,
6307.90.3010, 6307.90.3020, 6307.90.8910, 6307.90.8940, 6307.90.8945, 6308.00.0020, 6406.10.7700, 6406.10.9020,
6406.10.9040, 6406.10.9060, 6406.10.9090, 9404.90.1000 or 9404.90.9605. 1/

Statistical Note

1.

For statistical reporting of merchandise under the subheadings of this subchapter:

(a) Report the 8-digit number (or 10-digit number, if any) found in this subchapter in addition to the 10-digit number appearing

in chapters 1-97 which would be applicable but for the provisions of this subchapter; and

(b) The quantities reported should be in the units provided in chapters 1-97.

1/ Statistical reporting number 5703.30.8080 was subdivided into 5703.30.8060 and 5703.30.8085 effective July 1, 2015.

XXII
98-XX-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9820.11.03

1/

9820.11.06

1/

9820.11.09

1/

9820.11.12

1/

9820.11.15

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles imported from a designated beneficiary Caribbean
Basin Trade Partnership country enumerated in general note
17(a) to the tariff schedule:

Apparel articles of chapter 61 or 62 sewn or otherwise
assembled in one or more such countries from fabrics
wholly formed and cut, or from components knit-to-shape,
in the United States, from yarns wholly formed in the United
States (including fabrics not formed from yarns, if such
fabrics are classifiable in heading 5602 or 5603 and are
wholly formed and cut in the United States), the foregoing
which (1) are embroidered or were subjected to
stone-washing, enzyme-washing, acid washing,
permapressing, oven-baking, bleaching, garment-dyeing,
screen printing or other similar processes, (2) but for such
embroidery or processing are of a type otherwise described
in heading 9802.00.80 of the tariff schedule, and (3) meet
the requirements of U.S. note 2(a) to this subchapter.......

Apparel articles sewn or otherwise assembled in one or
more such countries with thread formed in the United
States from fabrics wholly formed in the United States and
cut in one or more such countries from yarns wholly formed
in the United States, or from components knit-to-shape in
the United States from yarns wholly formed in the United
States, or both (including fabrics not formed from yarns,
if such fabrics are classifiable under heading 5602 or 5603
of the tariff schedule and are wholly formed in the United
States), under the terms of U.S. note 2(a) to this
subchapter..............................................................................

Apparel articles (other than socks provided for in heading
6115 of the tariff schedule) knit to shape in such a country
from yarns wholly formed in the United States; knitted or
crocheted apparel articles (except t-shirts, other than
underwear, classifiable in subheadings 6109.10.00 and
6109.90.10 and described in subheading 9820.11.12) cut
and wholly assembled in one or more such countries from
fabrics formed in one or more such countries or from fabrics
formed in one or more such countries and the United
States, all the foregoing from yarns wholly formed in the
United States (including fabrics not formed from yarns, if
such fabrics are classifiable in heading 5602 or 5603 of
the tariff schedule and are formed in one or more such
countries) and subject to the provisions of U.S. note 2(b)
to this subchapter...................................................................

T-shirts, other than underwear, classifiable in subheadings
6109.10.00 and 6109.90.10 of the tariff schedule, made
in one or more such countries from fabric formed in one or
more such countries from yarns wholly formed in the United
States, subject to the provisions of U.S. note 2(c) to this
subchapter..............................................................................

Brassieres classifiable in subheading 6212.10 of the tariff
schedule, both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in
the United States or one or more such countries or both,
subject to the provisions of U.S. note 2(d) to this
subchapter..............................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XX-11

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9820.11.18

1/

9820.11.21

1/

9820.11.24

1/

9820.11.27

1/

9820.11.30

1/

9820.11.33

1/

Articles imported from a designated beneficiary Caribbean
Basin Trade Partnership country enumerated in general note
17(a) to the tariff schedule: (con.)

Knitted or crocheted apparel articles cut and assembled
in one or more such countries from fabrics wholly formed
in the United States from yarns wholly formed in the United
States, or from components knit-to-shape in the United
States from yarns wholly formed in the United States, or
both (including fabrics not formed from yarns, if such
fabrics are classifiable in heading 5602 or 5603 of the tariff
schedule and are formed wholly in the United States), if
such assembly is with thread formed in the United States,
and under the terms of U.S. note 2(a) to this subchapter...

Textile luggage assembled in such a country from fabric
cut in a beneficiary country from fabric wholly formed in
the United States from yarns wholly formed in the United
States......................................................................................

Apparel articles both cut (or knit-to-shape) and sewn or
otherwise assembled in one or more such countries,
provided that such apparel articles of such fabrics or yarn
would be considered an originating good under the terms
of general note 11(o) to the tariff schedule without regard
to the source of the fabric or yarn if such apparel article
had been imported from the territory of Canada or the
territory of Mexico directly into the customs territory of the
United States..........................................................................

Apparel articles both cut (or knit-to-shape) and sewn or
otherwise assembled in one or more such countries from
fabrics or yarn designated by the appropriate U.S.
government authority in the Federal Register as fabrics or
yarn not available in commercial quantities in the United
States, under any terms as such authority may provide.....

Handloomed, handmade or folklore textile and apparel
goods, under the terms of U.S. note 4 to this subchapter..

Apparel articles sewn or otherwise assembled in one or
more such countries with thread formed in the United
States, the foregoing (i) from components cut in the United
States and in one or more such countries from fabric wholly
formed in the United States from yarns wholly formed in
the United States (including fabrics not formed from yarns,
if such fabrics are classifiable under heading 5602 or 5603
of the tariff schedule), or (ii) from components knit-to-shape
in the United States and one or more such countries from
yarns wholly formed in the United States, or (iii) from any
combination of two or more of the foregoing
knitting-to-shape or cutting operations, under the terms of
U.S. note 2(a) to this subchapter..........................................

9820.42.05

1/

Articles of heading 4202 described in U.S. note 6(l) to this
subchapter and imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican
Republic [Compiler's Note: The effective period for this
heading ended September 30, 2025.]..................................

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

XXII
98-XX-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9820.61.25

1/

9820.61.30

1/

9820.61.35

1/

9820.61.40

1/

9820.61.45

1/

9820.62.05

1/

9820.62.12

1/

9820.62.20

1/

9820.62.25

1/

9820.62.30

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Apparel articles described in U.S. note 6(c) to this subchapter
imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic during
an applicable 1-year period specified in U.S. note 6(b)(ii) to
this subchapter, subject to the limitations provided in U.S. note
6(g)(i) to this subchapter..............................................................

Apparel articles described in U.S. note 6(e) to this subchapter
imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic during
an applicable 1-year period specified in U.S. note 6(b)(ii) to
this subchapter, subject to the limitations provided in such U.S.
note 6(g)(i) to this subchapter.....................................................

Apparel articles of chapter 61 described in U.S. note 6(j) to
this subchapter and imported directly from Haiti or the
Dominican Republic during any 1-year period specified in U.S.
note 6(j)(iii) to this subchapter, subject to the limitations
provided in such U.S. note 6(j)(iii) [Compiler's note: The
effective period for this heading ended September 30,
2025.].............................................................................................

Apparel articles described in U.S. note 6(k) to this subchapter
and imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic
[Compiler's note: The effective period for this heading
ended September 30, 2025.]...................................................

Apparel articles described in U.S. note 6(q) to this subchapter
and imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic
[Compiler's note: The effective period for this heading
ended September 30, 2025.]...................................................

Apparel articles of chapter 62 to the tariff schedule, under the
terms of U.S. note 6(h) to this subchapter and imported directly
from Haiti or the Dominican Republic during an applicable
1-year period specified in U.S. note 6(h)(ii) to this subchapter,
subject to the limitations provided in such U.S. note 6(h)(ii)
[Compiler's note: The effective period for this heading
ended September 30, 2025.]...................................................

Brassieres of subheading 6212.10, under the terms of U.S.
note 6(i) to this subchapter and imported directly from Haiti or
the Dominican Republic [Compiler's note: The effective
period for this heading ended September 30, 2025.]......

Pajama bottoms and other sleepwear described in U.S. note
6(n) to this subchapter and imported directly from Haiti or the
Dominican Republic [Compiler's note: The effective period
for this heading ended September 30, 2025.]....................

Apparel articles described in U.S. note 6(o) to this subchapter
and imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic
[Compiler's note: The effective period for this heading
ended September 30, 2025.]...................................................

Apparel articles described in U.S. note 6(p) to this subchapter
and imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic
[Compiler's note: The effective period for this heading
ended September 30, 2025.]...................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9820.63.05

1/

9820.65.05

1/

9820.85.44

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XX-13

2

Made-up textile articles described in U.S. note 6(r) to this
subchapter and imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican
Republic [Compiler's note: The effective period for this
heading ended September 30, 2025.]..................................

Articles described in U.S. note 6(m) to this subchapter and
imported directly from Haiti or the Dominican Republic
[Compiler's note: The effective period for this heading
ended September 30, 2025.]...................................................

Ignition wiring sets and other wiring sets of a kind used in
vehicles, aircraft or ships, the foregoing the product of Haiti
and entered under the terms of U.S. note 6 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

1/ See statistical note 1 to this subchapter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

[SUBCHAPTER XXI is deleted]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XXII

PROVISIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS

U.S. Notes

1.

(a) This subchapter contains modifications of the provisions of the tariff schedule established pursuant to free trade agreements
between the United States and one or more other countries, as implemented under the general notes to the tariff schedule.
Goods entered under this subchapter and described in the provisions of this subchapter for which a rate of duty followed by
a symbol in parentheses is herein provided, are subject to duty at the rate set forth in this subchapter in lieu of the rate
provided therefor in chapters 1 through 97.

(b) For purposes of heading 9822.01.05, the duty-free temporary admission of goods under such heading shall be accorded

only to goods enumerated as eligible therefor in--

XXII
98-XXII-1

(i)

article 2.5 of the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement,

(ii) article 3.7 of the United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement,

(iii) article 2.5 of the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement,

(iv) article 3.5 of the Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement,

(v) article 2.5 of the United States-Morocco Free Trade Agreement,

(vi) article 2.5 of the United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement,

(vii) article 2.5 of the United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement,

(viii) article 2.5 of the United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement,

(ix) article 2.5 of the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement,

(x) article 2.5 of the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement,

(xi) article 3.5 of the United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement, or

(xii) article 2.7 of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement,

under the terms of such Agreement articles and on such basis as may be prescribed in regulations issued by the Secretary
of the Treasury. Such temporary admission shall be limited to goods imported by or for the use of a national or resident of a
country (other than the United States) that is a party to one of the Agreements listed in this note, to the extent authorized by
the terms of the above-enumerated Agreement articles, and shall be available without bond and regardless of the origin of
the goods concerned.

(c) For purposes of heading 9822.01.10, vessels (together with equipment, parts or materials), regardless of origin, that are

exported temporarily from the United States and that undergo repairs or alterations in a country that is a party to a free trade
agreement referred to in this subdivision, shall be accorded duty-free entry to the extent provided for in--

(i)

article 2.6 of the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement,

(ii) article 3.9 of the United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement,

(iii) article 2.6 of the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement,

(iv) article 3.6 of the Dominican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement,

(v) article 2.6 of the United States-Morocco Free Trade Agreement,

(vi) article 2.6 of the United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement,

(vii) article 2.6 of the United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement,

(viii) article 2.6 of the United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-2
U.S. Notes (con.)

(ix) article 2.6 of the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement,

(x) article 2.6 of the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement,

(xi) article 3.6 of the United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement, or

(xii) article 2.8 of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement,

under the terms of the pertinent Agreement article and on such basis as may be prescribed in regulations issued by the
Secretary of the Treasury. Such duty-free entry shall be available whether or not the repairs or alterations could be performed
in the United States.

2.

(a) Unless otherwise provided, this note and heading 9822.01.25 are effective as to imports from Singapore described therein
and entered on or after January 1, 2014. The rate of duty for heading 9822.01.25 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty
column 1 followed by the symbol "SG" in parentheses shall apply to imports from Singapore of apparel goods of chapter 61
or 62 if such goods are both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the
United States, or both, from fabric or yarn, regardless of origin, designated by the appropriate U.S. government authority as
fabric or yarn not available in commercial quantities in a timely manner in the United States. Such designations must have
been made in a notice published in the Federal Register identifying apparel goods made from such fabric or yarn as eligible
for entry into the United States under subheading 9819.11.24 or 9820.11.27 as of November 15, 2002. For purposes of this
note, reference in such a notice to yarn or fabric formed in the United States shall be deemed to include yarns or fabric
formed in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both.

(b) For purposes of this note and heading 9822.01.25, in addition to any goods otherwise eligible for entry under such heading,

the following goods that are imported from Singapore shall be eligible for entry under such heading on or after August 1,
2006:

(i) women's or girls' knitted or crocheted blouses or shirts of subheading 6106.20 or lingerie or underwear of subheading
6108.11.00, 6108.22, 6108.32.00 or 6108.92.00, all the foregoing made from ring-spun single yarn of nm 51 or 85,
containing by weight 50 percent or more but less than 85 percent of 0.9 denier or finer micro modal fibers, mixed solely
with United States-origin extra long pima cotton of subheading 5510.30.00;

(ii) apparel and clothing accessories of chapter 62 (other than gloves of heading 6216) made from 100 percent cotton woven
flannel fabrics, of yarns of different colors, containing ring-spun yarns of nm 21 through 36, of 2 x 2 twill weave construction
(such fabric classifiable in subheading 5208.43.00);

(iii) women's or girls' blouses or shirts of subheading 6206.30 made from fabrics of subheadings 5210.21 or 5210.31, such
fabrics not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number
exceeding 70 nm; or

(iv) apparel and clothing accessories of chapters 61 or 62, the foregoing made from micro-denier 30 singles and 36 singles
viscose yarn, such yarns solution dyed, open-end spun and staple spun and classifiable in subheading 5510.11.00.

(c) For purposes of this note and heading 9822.01.25, in addition to any goods otherwise eligible for entry under such heading,
the following goods that are imported from Singapore shall be eligible for entry under such heading on or after May 21, 2011:

(i)

apparel goods of chapters 61 or 62, the foregoing cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory
of Singapore or of the United States, or both, from viscose rayon filament yarns (such yarns classifiable in subheading
5403.41.00);

(ii) blouses for women or girls of chapters 61 or 62, the foregoing cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled
in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, from woven cotton fabrics, not of square construction,
containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 70 nm (such fabrics
classifiable in subheading 5210.11);

(iii) apparel goods (excluding gloves) of chapters 61 or 62, the foregoing cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise

assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, from 100 percent cotton woven yarn-dyed flannel
fabrics, made from single ring-spun yarns of nm 14 through 41, of 2 x 1 twill weave construction, weighing 200 g/m2 or
less (such fabrics classifiable in subheading 5208.43.00);

(iv) shirts, trousers, nightwear, robes, dressing gowns or woven underwear of chapters 61 or 62, the foregoing cut (or knit
to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, from 100
percent cotton woven flannel fabrics (such fabrics classifiable in subheading 5208.42.30 or, if napped, in subheading
5209.41.60);

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-3

U.S. Notes (con.)

(v) shirts, trousers, nightwear, robes, dressing gowns or woven underwear of chapters 61 or 62, the foregoing cut (or knit
to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both. from 100
percent cotton woven flannel fabrics (such fabrics comprising sheeting classifiable in subheading 5208.32.30 or napped
sheeting classifiable in subheading 5209.31.60);

(vi) shirts, trousers, nightwear, robes, dressing gowns or woven underwear of chapters 61 or 62, the foregoing cut (or knit
to shape) and sewn orotherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, from 100 percent
cotton woven napped fabrics (such fabrics classifiable in subheading 5209.41.60); or

(vii) shirts, trousers, nightwear, robes, dressing gowns or woven underwear of chapters 61 or 62, the foregoing cut (or knit
to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Singapore or of the United States, or both, from 100
percent cotton woven double-napped fabrics (such fabrics classifiable in subheading 5209.31.60).

3.

(a) Unless otherwise provided, this note and heading 9822.02.01 are effective as to originating goods of Chile entered under
the terms of general note 26 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2016. In 2016 and in successive years thereafter,
the Office of the United States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar
year of the amount of Chile's trade surplus, by volume, from all sources for goods in the following subheadings: 1701.12,
1701.13, 1701.14, 1701.91, 1701.99, 1702.20, 1702.30, 1702.40, 1702.60, 1702.90, 1806.10, 2101.12, 2101.20 and 2106.90,
except that Chile's imports of originating goods of the United States under subheadings 1702.40 and 1702.60 shall not be
included in the calculation of Chile's trade surplus.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Chile entered under heading 9822.02.01 in any calendar year shall be the

quantity of goods equal to the amount of Chile's trade surplus in subdivision (a) of this note.

4. Unless otherwise provided, this note and heading 9822.02.02 are effective as to imports from Chile entered on or after January
1, 2016. The Free rate of duty for heading 9822.02.02 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the
symbol "(CL)" shall apply to imports from Chile, in an aggregate annual quantity not to exceed 1,000,000 SME, of:

(a) cotton or man-made fiber fabric goods provided for in chapters 52, 54, 55, 58, and 60 of the tariff schedule that are wholly

formed in Chile from yarn produced or obtained outside the territory of Chile or of the United States, and

(b) cotton or man-made fiber fabric goods provided for in Annex 4.1 (Specific Rules of Origin) that are wholly formed in Chile

from yarn spun in the territory of Chile or of the United States from fiber produced or obtained outside the territory of Chile
or of the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-4
U.S. Notes (con.)

5. Unless otherwise provided, this note and heading 9822.02.03 are effective as to imports from Chile entered on or after January
1, 2016. The Free rate of duty for heading 9822.02.03 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the
symbol "(CL)" shall apply to imports from Chile in an aggregate annual quantity not to exceed 1,000,000 SME, of cotton or of
man-made fiber apparel goods or apparel goods subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints, the foregoing that are both cut
(or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise assembled in Chile from fabric or yarn produced or obtained outside the territory of
Chile or of the United States, when such goods are provided for in the following subheadings: 6101.20.00, 6101.30.10, 6101.30.20,
6102.20.00, 6102.30.05, 6102.30.20, 6103.10.30, 6103.10.60, 6103.22.00, 6103.23.00, 6103.29.10, 6103.32.00, 6103.33.20,
6103.39.10, 6103.42.10, 6103.42.20, 6103.43.15, 6103.43.20, 6103.49.10, 6103.49.20, 6104.12.00, 6104.13.20, 6104.22.00,
6104.23.00, 6104.29.10, 6104.32.00, 6104.33.20, 6104.39.10, 6104.42.00, 6104.43.20, 6104.44.20, 6104.52.00, 6104.53.20,
6104.59.10, 6104.62.10, 6104.62.20, 6104.63.10, 6104.63.20, 6104.69.10, 6104.69.20, 6105.10.00, 6105.20.20, 6106.10.00,
6106.20.20, 6107.11.00, 6107.12.00, 6107.21.00, 6107.22.00, 6107.91.00, 6107.99.70, 6108.11.00, 6108.19.90, 6108.21.00,
6108.22.90, 6108.31.00, 6108.32.00, 6108.91.00, 6108.92.00, 6109.10.00, 6109.90.10, 6110.20.10, 6110.20.20, 6110.30.10,
6110.30.20, 6110.30.30, 6111.20.10, 6111.20.20, 6111.20.30, 6111.20.40, 6111.20.50, 6111.20.60, 6111.30.10, 6111.30.20,
6111.30.30, 6111.30.40, 6111.30.50, 6111.90.10, 6111.90.20, 6111.90.40, 6111.90.50, 6112.11.00, 6112.12.00, 6112.19.10,
6112.20.10, 6112.20.20, 6112.31.00, 6112.39.00, 6112.41.00, 6112.49.00, 6113.00.90, 6114.20.00, 6114.30.10, 6114.30.20,
6114.30.30, 6115.21.00, 6115.29.80, 6115.20.90, 6115.95.60, 6115.95.90, 6115.96.60, 6115.96.90, 6115.99.14, 6115.99.18,
6116.10.17, 6116.10.48, 6116.10.55, 6116.10.75, 6116.92.64, 6116.92.74, 6116.92.88, 6116.92.94, 6116.93.88, 6116.93.94,
6116.99.48, 6116.99.54, 6117.10.20, 6117.10.60, 6117.80.30, 6117.80.87, 6117.80.95, 6117.90.90, 6201.30.12, 6201.30.20,
6201.40.10, 6201.40.20, 6202.40.65, 6201.92.10, 6201.92.15, 6201.92.20, 6201.93.10, 6201.93.20, 6201.93.30, 6201.93.35,
6202.30.12, 6202.30.20, 6202.40.10, 6202.40.20, 6202.92.10, 6202.92.15, 6202.92.20, 6202.93.10, 6202.93.20, 6202.93.50,
6203.12.20, 6203.19.10, 6203.19.30, 6203.22.10, 6203.22.30, 6203.23.00, 6203.29.20, 6203.32.10, 6203.32.20, 6203.33.20,
6203.39.20, 6203.42.20, 6203.42.40, 6203.43.15, 6203.43.20, 6203.43.25, 6203.43.35, 6203.43.40, 6203.49.10, 6203.49.15,
6203.49.20, 6204.12.00, 6204.13.20, 6204.19.20, 6204.22.10, 6204.22.30, 6204.23.00, 6204.29.20, 6204.32.10, 6204.32.20,
6204.33.10, 6204.33.20, 6204.33.50, 6204.39.30, 6204.42.20, 6204.42.30, 6204.43.10, 6204.43.20, 6204.43.40, 6204.44.20,
6204.44.40, 6204.52.20, 6204.53.10, 6204.53.30, 6204.59.10, 6204.59.30, 6204.62.20, 6204.62.30, 6204.62.40, 6204.63.12,
6204.63.15, 6204.63.20, 6204.63.30, 6204.63.35, 6204.69.10, 6204.69.25, 6205.20.10, 6205.20.20, 6205.30.10, 6205.30.20,
6206.30.10, 6206.30.20, 6206.30.30, 6206.40.10, 6206.40.20, 6206.40.30, 6207.11.00, 6207.19.90, 6207.21.00, 6207.22.00,
6207.91.10, 6207.91.30, 6207.99.75, 6207.99.85, 6208.11.00, 6208.19.20, 6208.21.00, 6208.22.00, 6208.91.10, 6208.91.30,
6208.92.00, 6209.20.10, 6209.20.20, 6209.20.30, 6209.20.50, 6209.30.10, 6209.30.20, 6209.30.30, 6209.90.10, 6209.90.20,
6209.90.30, 6210.10.90, 6210.20.50, 6210.20.90, 6210.30.50, 6210.30.90, 6210.40.50, 6210.40.90, 6210.50.50, 6210.50.90,
6211.11.10, 6211.11.80, 6211.12.10, 6211.12.80, 6211.20.04, 6211.20.15, 6211.20.28, 6211.20.38, 6211.20.48, 6211.20.58,
6211.20.68, 6211.20.78, 6211.32.00, 6211.33.00, 6211.42.00, 6211.43.00, 6212.10.50, 6212.10.90, 6212.20.00, 6212.30.00,
6212.90.00, 6213.20.10, 6213.20.20, 6213.90.10, 6214.30.00, 6214.40.00, 6214.90.00, 6215.20.00, 6215.90.00, 6216.00.17,
6216.00.21, 6216.00.24, 6216.00.29, 6216.00.38, 6216.00.41, 6216.00.54, 6216.00.58, 6217.10.95 or 6217.90.90.

6.

7.

(a) Unless otherwise provided, this note and heading 9822.03.01 are effective as to originating goods of Morocco entered under
the terms of general note 27 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2021. In 2021 and in successive years thereafter,
the Office of the United States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar
year of the amount of Morocco's trade surplus, by volume, from all sources for goods in the following subheadings: 1701.12,
1701.13, 1701.14, 1701.91, 1701.99, 1702.40 and 1702.60, except that Morocco's imports of originating goods of the United
States under subheadings 1702.40 and 1702.60 shall not be included in the calculation of Morocco's trade surplus.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Morocco entered under heading 9822.03.01 in any calendar year shall be

the quantity of goods equal to the amount of Morocco's trade surplus in subdivision (a) of this note.

(a) Unless otherwise provided, this note and heading 9822.03.02 are effective as to originating goods of Morocco entered under
the terms of general note 27 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2021. In 2021 and in successive years thereafter,
the Free rate of duty for heading 9822.03.02 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the symbol
"(MA)" shall apply to imports from Morocco in an aggregate quantity not to exceed 1,067,257 kilograms, of a textile or apparel
good if the cotton fibers, classified in heading 5201, used in the production of the good originate in one or more of the
least-developed beneficiary sub-Saharan countries designated in (b) of this note, and provided the cotton fibers are carded
or combed in the territory of Morocco or the territory of the United States or of a least-developed country listed in (b) of this
note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-5

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b) The following countries for the purposes of this note are least-developed beneficiary sub-Saharan countries as designated
in Article 6 of the Bulletin Officiel, No. 4861 bis-chaoual 1421 (1.1.2001), Exoneration du droit d'importation en faveur des
produits originaires et en provenance de certains pays d'Afrique, as of January 1, 2005:

Angola
Benin
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of Congo
Djibouti
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gambia
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Lesotho

Liberia
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mozambique
Niger
Rwanda
Sao Tome and Principe
Sierra Leone
Somalia
Sudan
Tanzania
Togo
Uganda
Zambia

8.

(a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.01 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be those that the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of Customs and Border
Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate issued by the government
of Australia is in effect for the goods.

(c) A safeguard measure shall apply to originating goods of Australia entered in excess of the aggregate quantity specified in

(a) of the note as follows:

(i)

(ii)

If the monthly average index price falls below the 24-month trigger price in any two months during the previous quarter
of any calendar year, the rate provided for in subheading 9822.04.02 shall apply during the current quarter of the calendar
year; or

If the monthly average index price falls below the 24-month tripper price in any month of the fourth quarter of any calendar
year, or in the month immediately preceding the fourth quarter, the rate provided for in subheading 9822.04.02 shall
apply during the remainder of the fourth quarter of the calendar year.

The Office of the United States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination if (c)(i) or (c)(ii)
is not applicable to originating goods of Australia.

For purposes of this note the term "monthly average index price" means the monthly average index price for Wholesale
Boxed Beef Cut-Out Value Select 1-3 Central U.S. 600-750 lbs., or its equivalent, as reported by the United States Department
of Agriculture's Agricultural Marketing Service, and, the term "24-month trigger price" means the price that is 6.5 percent less
than the average of the previous 24 monthly average index prices.

9.

(a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 6
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.05 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be those that the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of Customs and Border
Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate issued by the government
of Australia is in effect for the goods.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-6
U.S. Notes (con.)

10. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 3
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.10 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be those that the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of Customs and Border
Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate issued by the government
of Australia is in effect for the goods.

11. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 3
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.15 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be those that the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of Customs and Border
Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate issued by the government
of Australia is in effect for the goods.

12. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 4
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.20 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be those that the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of Customs and Border
Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate issued by the government
of Australia is in effect for the goods.

13. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 6
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.25 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be those that the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of Customs and Border
Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate issued by the government
of Australia is in effect for the goods.

14. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 6
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.30 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be those that the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of Customs and Border
Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate issued by the government
of Australia is in effect for the goods.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-7

U.S. Notes (con.)

15. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 5
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.35 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be those that the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of Customs and Border
Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate issued by the government
of Australia is in effect for the goods.

16. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 5
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.40 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be those that the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of Customs and Border
Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate issued by the government
of Australia is in effect for the goods.

17. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 3
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.45 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be eligible for duty-free treatment if the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of
Customs and Border Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate
issued by the government of Australia is in effect for the goods.

18. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note
28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. For 2023, and for successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 3
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.50 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be eligible for duty-free treatment if the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of
Customs and Border Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate
issued by the government of Australia is in effect for the goods.

19. (a) Unless otherwise provided, this note is effective as to originating goods of Australia entered under the terms of general note

28 to the tariff schedule on or after January 1, 2023. In 2023 and in successive years thereafter, the Office of the United
States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year of the aggregate
quantity applicable to originating goods of Australia. The quantity shall increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 5
percent.

(b) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia entered under subheading 9822.04.65 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified in (a) of this note.

The above quantity shall only be eligible for duty-free treatment if the U.S. importer makes a declaration to the Bureau of
Customs and Border Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs, that a valid export certificate
issued by the government of Australia is in effect for the goods.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-8
U.S. Notes (con.)

20. (a) Heading 9822.05.01 shall apply to textile or apparel goods of chapters 50 through 63 and subheading 9404.90 that contain
any of the fabrics, yarns or fibers set forth herein, are described in general note 29 to the tariff schedule and otherwise meet
the requirements of such general note 29:

(1) Velveteen fabrics classified in subheading 5801.23;

(2) Corduroy fabrics classified in subheading 5801.22, containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton and containing

more than 7.5 wales per cm;

(3) Fabrics classified in subheading 5111.11 or 5111.19, hand-woven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven in the
United Kingdom in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Association, Ltd., and so certified by
the association;

(4) Fabrics classified in subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 g/m2, containing wool, not less than 20 percent

by weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 percent by weight of man-made staple fibers;

(5) Batiste fabrics classified in subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single yarns exceeding 76 metric

count, containing between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per square cm, of a weight not exceeding 110 g/m2;

(6) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42, 5208.49,

5208.51, 5208.52, or 5208.59, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(7) Fabrics classified in subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends

and filling picks per square cm, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(8) Fabrics classified in subheading 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends

and filling picks per square cm, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(9) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends

and filling picks per square cm, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

(10) Fabrics classified in subheading 5407.81, 5407.82, or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 g/m2, having a dobby weave

created by a dobby attachment;

(11) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends

and filling picks per square cm, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

(12) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks

per square cm, made with single yarns, of average yarn number equal to or exceeding 95 metric;

(13) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.41, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than 85 warp
ends and filling picks per square cm, made with single yarns, of average yarn number equal to or exceeding 95 metric,
and characterized by a check effect produced by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling;

(14) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored

with vegetable dyes, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

(15) Circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns, exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, classified in subheading

6006.21.10, 6006.22.10, 6006.23.10, or 6006.24.10;

(16) 100 percent polyester crushed panne velour fabric of circular knit construction, not over 271 g/m2, classified in subheading

6001.92.00;

(17) Viscose rayon yarns classified in subheading 5403.31 or 5403.32;

(18) Yarn of combed cashmere, combed cashmere blends or combed camel hair classified in subheading 5108.20.80;

(19) The following two elastomeric fabrics used in waistbands, the foregoing of man-made fibers, classified in subheading

5903.90.25:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-9

U.S. Notes (con.)

(a) a knitted outer-fusible material with a fold line that is knitted into the fabric, such fabric comprising a 45 mm wide

base substrate, knitted in narrow width, synthetic fiber based (made of 49 percent polyester, 43 percent elastomeric
filament and 8 percent nylon by weight, with a weight of 124.74 g/m2, a 110/110 stretch, and a dull yarn), stretch
elastomeric material with an adhesive (thermoplastic resin) coating; such 45 mm width is divided as follows: 34 mm
solid, followed by a 3 mm seam allowing it to fold over, followed by 8 mm of solid;

(b) a knitted inner-fusible material with an adhesive (thermoplastic resin) coating that is applied after going through a
finishing process to remove all shrinkage from the product, such fabric comprising a 40 mm synthetic fiber based,
stretch elastomeric fusible consisting of 80 percent nylon type 6 and 20 percent elastomeric filament with a weight
of 124.74 g/m2, a 110/110 stretch, and a dull yarn;

(20) Fabrics classified in subheading 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends

and filling picks per square cm, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(21) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.22 or 5208.32, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends

and filling picks per square cm, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(22) Fabrics classified in subheading 5407.81, 5407.82, or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 g/m2, having a dobby weave

created by a dobby attachment of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(23) Cuprammonium rayon filament yarn classified in subheading 5403.39;

(24) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.42 or 5208.49, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp ends
and filling picks per square cm, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric, of average yarn number exceeding 135
metric if the fabric is oxford construction;

(25) Single ring-spun yarn of yarn numbers 51 and 85 metric, containing 50 percent or more, but less than 85 percent, by

weight of the metric equivalent of 0.9 denier or finer micro modal fiber, mixed solely with U.S. origin extra long pima
cotton, classified in subheading 5510.30;

(26) Tow of viscose rayon classified in heading 5502;

(27) 100 percent cotton woven flannel fabrics, single ring-spun yarns of different colors, of yarn numbers 21 through 36
metric, classified in subheading 5208.43.00, of 2 x 2 twill weave construction, weighing not more than 200 g/m2;

(28) Fabrics classified in the following subheadings of average yarn number exceeding 93 metric: 5208.21.60, 5208.22.80,
5208.29.80, 5208.31.80, 5208.32.50, 5208.39.80, 5208.41.80, 5208.42.50, 5208.49.80, 5208.51.80, 5208.52.50,
5208.59.80, 5210.21.80, 5210.29.80, 5210.31.80, 5210.39.80, 5210.41.80, 5210.49.80, 5210.51.80, or 5210.59.80;

(29) Yarns of carded cashmere or of carded camel hair, classified in subheading 5108.10.80, the foregoing used to produce

woven fabrics classified in subheading 5111.11 or 5111.19;

(30) Acid-dyeable acrylic tow classified in subheading 5501.30, for production of yarn classified in subheading 5509.31;

(31) Untextured flat yarns of nylon classified in subheading 5402.41.90, such yarns are described as:

(a) of nylon, metric equivalent of 7 denier/5 filament nylon 66 untextured (flat) semi-dull yarn; multifilament, untwisted

or with a twist not exceeding 50 turns/m;

(b) of nylon, metric equivalent of 10 denier/7 filament nylon 66 untextured (flat) semi-dull yarn; multifilament, untwisted

or with a twist not exceeding 50 turns/m; or

(c) of nylon, metric equivalent of 12 denier/5 filament nylon 66 untextured (flat) semi-dull yarn; multifilament, untwisted

or with a twist not exceeding 50 turns/m;

(32) Woven fabric classified in subheading 5515.13.10, combed of polyester staple fibers mixed with wool, and containing

less than 36 percent by weight of wool;

(33) Knitted fabric of 85 percent spun silk, 15 percent wool by weight (210 g/m2), classified in subheading 6006.90.10;

(34) Woven fabrics classified in subheading 5512.99, containing 100 percent by weight of synthetic staple fibers, not of

square construction, of average yarn number exceeding 55 metric;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-10
U.S. Notes (con.)

(35) Woven fabrics classified in subheadings 5512.21 or 5512.29, of 100 percent acrylic fibers, of average yarn number

exceeding 55 metric;

(36) Rayon filament sewing thread, classified in subheading 5401.20;

(37) Poplin, ring spun, woven fabric of 97 percent cotton, 3 percent spandex by weight, classified in subheading 5208.32.30;

(38) Synthetic woven fabric of 74 percent polyester, 22 percent nylon and 4 percent spandex by weight, classified in subheading

5512.99.00;

(39) Two-way stretch woven fabric of 62 percent polyester, 32 percent rayon and 6 percent spandex by weight, classified in

subheading 5515.19.00;

(40) Two-way stretch woven fabric of 71 percent polyester, 23 percent rayon and 6 percent spandex by weight, classified in

subheading 5515.19.00;

(41) Dyed herringbone twill fabric of 70 percent rayon and 30 percent polyester by weight, classified in subheading 5516.92,

weighing more than 200 g/m2;

(42) Printed 100 percent rayon herringbone fabric, classified in subheading 5516.14, weighing more than 200 g/m2;

(43) Leaver's lace classified in subheading 5804.21 or 5804.29;

(44) Man-made fiber fabrics, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per cm2, of

average yarn number exceeding 70 metric, classified in subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21;

(45) Cotton fabrics classified in subheading 5210.11, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and

filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

(46) Combed yarns of wool or fine animal hair, of wool fiber with an average fiber diameter of 18.5 microns or less, classified

in subheadings 5107.10, 5107.20 or 5108.20;

(47) 100 percent cotton yarn-dyed woven flannel fabrics made from single ring-spun yarns of number 14 through 41 metric,
the foregoing of 2 X 1 twill weave construction, weighing not over 200 g/m2, classified in subheading 5208.43.00;

(48) Ring spun single yarns of metric equivalent of English yarn number 30 and higher of 0.9 denier or finer micro modal

fibers, classified in subheading 5510.11.00;

(49) Colored open-end spun singles yarns, of yarn numbers from metric equivalent of 6/1 to 18/1 English count, containing
a blend of reclaimed and reprocessed cotton and not less than 35 percent nor more than 49 percent by weight of licensed
Smart Fabric Technology® phase change materials (PCM) acrylic staple fibers, produced under license from Outlast
Technologies Inc., classified in subheading 5206.11.00 or 5206.12.00;

(50) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, piece dyed, sanforized, weighing 152.6 g/m2, with 24.4 warp ends per cm of
ring spun yarn of number 40.6 metric and 15.7 filling picks per cm of open-end spun filling yarn of number 20.3 metric
per and having 40.1 threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 39.4 metric, napped on both sides, having
a width of 150 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5208.32.30;

(51) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, piece dyed and napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 251 g/m2, with
22.8 warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 40.6 metric and 15 filling picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of
number 8.46 metric and having 37.8 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 24.1 metric, having a
width of 160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.31.60;

(52) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, piece dyed and napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 203 g/m2, with

20.5 warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 40.6 metric and 17.3 filling picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of
number 13.5 metric and having 37.8 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 27.9 metric, having a
width of 150 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.31.60;

(53) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, piece dyed and napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 291.5 g/m2, with
23.2 warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 27.07 metric and 15 filling picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of
number 8.46 metric and having 38.2 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 20.1 metric, having a
width of 160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.31.60;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-11

U.S. Notes (con.)

(54) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, piece dyed and napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 291.5 g/m2, with
26.8 warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 25.46 metric and 16.5 filling picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of
number 10.16 metric and having 43.3 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 23.8 metric, having
a width of 160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.31.60;

(55) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, piece dyed and napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 254 g/m2, with 20
warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 28.8 metric and 14.5 filling picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of number
8.46 metric and having 34.5 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 27.9 metric, having a width of
160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.31.60;

(56) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, with of gingham check or plaid of yarns of different colors, napped on both

sides, sanforized, weighing 251 g/m2, with 22.8 warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 40.6 metric and 15 filling
picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of number 8.46 metric and having 37.8 total threads per cm2, of an overall average
yarn number of 24.1 metric, having a width of 160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.41.60;

(57) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel plaid fabric of yarns of different colors, napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing

251 g/m2, with 19.7 warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 20.3 metric and 11.8 filling picks per cm of open-end
spun yarn of number 8.46 metric and having 31.5 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 20.1 metric,
having a width of 160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.41.60;

(58) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, of yarns of different colors, napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 152.6
g/m2, with 24.4 warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 40.6 metric and 15.7 filling picks per cm of open-end spun
yarn of number 20.4 metric and having 40.1 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 39.4 metric,
having a width of 150 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5208.42.30;

(59) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, of yarns of different colors, napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 251

g/m2, with 22.8 warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 40.6 metric and 17.3 filling picks per cm of open-end spun
yarn of number 8.46 metric and having 40.1 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 24.1 metric,
having a width of 160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.41.60;

(60) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, piece dyed, napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 251 g/m2, with 20.1
warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 27.07 metric and 16.5 filling picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of
number 10.16 metric and having 36.6 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 23.3 metric, having
a width of 160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.41.60;

(61) Woven 100 percent cotton fabric, piece dyed, napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 291.5 g/m2, with 24.41 warp
ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 25.4 metric and 16.53 filling picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of number
10.16 metric and having 42.52 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 13.95 metric, having a width
of 160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.31.60;

(62) Woven 100 percent cotton fabric, piece dyed, napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 305 g/m2, with 24.41 warp
ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 25.4 metric and 18.11 filling picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of number
10.16 metric and having 42.52 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 13.95 metric, having a width
of 160 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.31.60;

(63) Woven 100 percent cotton flannel fabric, piece-dyed, napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 203 g/m2, with 21

warp ends per cm of ring spun yarn of number 40.6 metric and 18 filling picks per cm of open-end spun yarn of number
13.54 metric and having 39 total threads per cm2, of an overall average yarn number of 19.2 metric, having a width of
150 cm cuttable, classified in subheading 5209.31.60;

(64) Woven "fancy" 100 percent polyester filament fabric, containing at least three different yarns of different color, of plain,
twill or satin weave in combinations of the metric equivalent of 75 denier, 100 denier, 150 denier, and 300 denier yarn
sizes, and of 100 percent cationic fibers or mixes of 25 percent cationic/75 percent disperse or 50 percent cationic/50
percent disperse fibers, of a width of 147.3 cm or 152.4 cm, classified in subheading 5407.53.20;

(65) Woven 100 percent cotton, 4-thread twill weave flannel fabrics, napped on both sides, weighing 136 to 140 g/m2,

containing two or more but not over eight ring-spun cotton yarns of different colors, the foregoing of yarn-dyed, combed,
and ring spun single yarns of yarn number 48 to 52 metric, having 38 to 40 warp ends per cm and 28 to 30 filling picks
per cm, and 66 to 70 total threads per cm2, of average yarn number 48 to 50 metric, and 148 to 150 cm in width, classified
in subheading 5208.43.00;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-12
U.S. Notes (con.)

(66) Woven 100 percent cotton, 4-thread herringbone twill weave flannel fabrics, napped on both sides, containing two or

more ring-spun yarns of different colors in the warp and filling, the foregoing of yarn-dyed, combed, and ring spun single
yarns of yarn number 35/2 to 36/2 metric, having 25 to 26 warp ends per cm and 23 to 24 filling picks per cm and 48 to
50 total threads per cm2, of an average yarn number 32 to 34 metric, weighing 301 to 303 g/m2, and 142 to 145 cm in
width, classified in subheading 5208.43.00;

(67) Woven 100 percent cotton, 4-thread twill, double faced irregular 1 x 3 sateen flannel fabrics, printed on one side on

yarns of different colors, napped on both sides, sanforized, weighing 325 to 327 g/m2, of yarn-dyed, combed, ring spun
single yarns, having 33 to 35 warp ends per cm of yarn number 50 to 52 metric, and 57 to 59 filling picks per cm of yarn
number 23 to 25 metric and 90 to 94 total threads per cm2, of an average yarn number 28 to 30 metric, having a width
of 148 to 152 cm, classified in subheading 5208.43.00;

(68) Woven 100 percent cotton, 4-thread twill weave flannel fabrics, piece dyed, carbon emerized on both sides, weighing

176 to 182 g/m2, of yarn-dyed yarns, having 43 to 45 warp ends per cm of combed ring spun yarn of yarn number 39/1
to 41/1 metric, and 24 to 26 filling picks per cm of carded ring spun yarn of yarn number 39/1 to 41/1 metric, and 61 to
71 threads per cm2, of an average yarn number 38 to 40 metric, having a width of 168 to 172 cm, classified in subheading
5208.43.00;

(69) Woven 100 percent cotton, 4-thread 2X2 twill weave flannel fabrics, of yarn-dyed, combed ring spun single yarns of

different colors, napped, having 50 to 52 (25/2 to 26/2) warp ends per cm and 45 to 46 filling picks per cm (21/2 to 23/2)
filling picks per cm of combed, two-ply, ring spun yarns of yarn number 34 metric, of average yarn number of 60 to 62
metric, weighing 150 to 160 g/m2, and having a width of 148 to 152 cm, classified in subheading 5208.43.00;

(70) 5205.42.00, 5205.43.00, 5205.44.00, 5205.46.00, 5205.47.00 Compacted, plied, ring-spun 100 percent cotton yarns,

of number 42 through 102 metric; and

(71) Any other fabric, yarn or fiber that the Committee for Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA) determines in a notice
published in the Federal Register on or after March 1, 2006, is not available in commercial quantities in a timely manner
in the territories of the parties to the Agreement, as defined in general note 29(a), subject to any quantitative limitations
that CITA may establish for the fabric, yarn or fiber.

(b) The United States Trade Representative may modify the enumeration of designated fabrics, yarns and fibers set forth in

subdivision (a) of this note to reflect CITA determinations described in subdivision (a) of this note, in a notice published in
the Federal Register.

21. (a) For purposes of heading 9822.05.11 and 9822.05.13, the treatment provided for in general note 29(d)(vii) to the tariff schedule
shall be limited to goods imported into the territory of the United States from a party to the Agreement as defined in general
note 29(a), other than Dominican Republic, in aggregate quantities not to exceed the overall limit set forth in subdivisions
(b) of this note, except as provided in subdivision (c) of this note. For purposes of determining the quantity of square meter
equivalents (SME) to be charged against the overall limit, the conversion factors listed in Correlation: U.S. Textile and Apparel
Category System with the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States of America 2003, U.S. Department of Commerce,
Office of Textiles and Apparel, or successor publication, shall apply.

(b) Subject to the sublimits set out below and the exclusion provided in subdivision (c) of this note, the overall limit in the first
calendar year that goods qualify for entry under this provision shall not exceed 100,000,000 SME. If this provision enters
into force after January 1 of that year, the overall limit and sublimits shall be reduced in proportion to the number of full
months of that year that have expired. Subject to the sublimits set out below, the overall limit for each successive calendar
year that the Agreement as specified in general note 29(a) is in effect may increase up to a maximum of 200,000,000 SME
in any calendar year, and the sublimits may increase so that they represent the same proportion of the overall limit as in the
first calendar year that goods qualify for entry under this provision. Each percentage increase of the limits shall correspond
to the percentage increase in imports into the territory of the United States from the other parties to the Agreement as defined
in general note 29(a), other than Dominican Republic, of originating goods of chapter 62 of the tariff schedule.

(I) Not more than 45,000,000 SME may be trousers and skirts and parts thereof, of cotton or manmade fibers, or subject
to cotton or manmade fiber restraints, within subheadings 6203.19.10, 6203.19.90, 6203.22.30, 6203.23.00, 6203.29.20,
6203.42.40, 6203.43.25, 6203.43.35, 6203.43.40, 6203.49.15, 6203.49.20, 6203.49.80, 6204.12.00, 6204.19.80,
6204.22.30, 6204.23.00, 6204.29.20, 6204.29.40, 6204.52.10, 6204.52.20, 6204.53.10, 6204.53.30, 6204.59.10,
6204.59.30, 6204.59.40, 6204.62.30, 6204.62.40, 6204.63.20, 6204.63.30, 6204.63.35, 6204.69.25, 6204.69.60,
6204.69.90, 6210.40.50, 6210.40.90, 6210.50.50, 6210.50.90, 6211.20.15, 6211.20.38, 6211.20.68, 6211.32.00,
6211.33.00, 6211.42.00, 6211.43.00, 6217.90.90, excluding goods identified in subdivision (b)(ii) of this note.

(ii) Not more than 20,000,000 SME may be cotton blue denim trousers within subheadings 6203.42.40 or 6204.62.40 and

blue denim skirts within subheading 6204.52.20.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-13

U.S. Notes (con.)

(iii) Not more than 1,000,000 SME may be the following apparel goods, not knitted or crocheted, containing 36 percent or

more by weight of wool or subject to wool restraints:

(A) suits for men or boys described in subheading 6203.11.15, 6203.11.30, 6203.11.60, 6203.11.90, 6203.12.10,

6203.19.20, 6203.19.90, 6203.21.30;

(B) suit-type jackets and blazers for men or boys described in subheading 6203.21.30, 6203.21.90, 6203.23.00,

6203.31.50, 6203.31.90, 6203.33.10, 6203.39.10 or 6203.39.90;

(C)

trousers, breeches and shorts for men or boys described in subheading 6203.21.30, 6203.21.90, 6203.23.00,
6203.41.05, 6203.41.12, 6203.41.18, 6203.43.30, 6203.49.20 or 6203.49.80;

(D) suits for women or girls described in subheadings 6204.11.00, 6204.13.10, 6204.19.10 or 6204.19.80;

(E) suit-type jackets and blazers for women or girls described in subheading 6204.31.10, 6204.31.20, 6204.33.40,

6204.39.20, 6204.39.80;

(F) skirts for women or girls described in subheading 6204.21.00, 6204.23.00, 6204.29.40, 6204.51.00, 6204.53.20,

6204.59.20 or 6204.59.40;

(G)

trousers, breeches or shorts for women or girls described in subheading 6204.21.00, 6402.23.00, 6204.29.40,
6204.61.10, 6204.61.90, 6204.63.25, 6204.69.20, 6204.69.60 or 6204.69.90.

(c) The limit of subdivision (b) of this note shall not apply to the following goods made from wool fabric: men's and boys'

and women's and girls' suits, trousers, suit-type jackets and blazers and vests and women's and girls' skirts, provided
that such goods are not make of carded wool fabric or made from wool yarn having an average fiber diameter of not
over 18.5 microns.

(d) The United States Trade Representative (USTR) may modify, in a notice published in the Federal Register, the overall
limit and sublimits set forth in subdivision (b) of this note, to reflect CITA determinations, subject to the maximum limitation
and percentages set forth in such subdivision (b). The USTR may likewise modify, in a notice published in the Federal
Register, such overall limit and sublimits to reflect CITA determinations to implement decisions of the parties to the
Agreement, as defined in general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule, to take into account the ability of the Dominican
Republic to participate in such limits.

22. For a textile or apparel good provided for in chapters 61 through 63 of the tariff schedule that is not an originating good under

general note 29 and for which the duty treatment set forth in heading 9822.05.10 is claimed, the rate of duty set forth in the
general subcolumn of rate of duty column 1 shall apply only on the value of the assembled good minus the value of fabrics formed
in the United States, components knit-to-shape in the United States and any other materials of U.S. origin used in the production
of such a good, provided that the good is sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of a party to the Agreement (other than
the United States) specified in general note 29(a) with thread wholly formed in the United States, from fabrics wholly formed in
the United States and cut in one or more parties to the Agreement (other than the United States) as defined in general note 29(a)
or from components knit-to-shape in the United States, or both. For purposes of this note--

(a) a fabric is wholly formed in the United States if all the production processes and finishing operations, starting with the weaving,
knitting, needling, tufting, felting, entangling or other process, and ending with a fabric ready for cutting or assembly without
further processing, took place in the United States; and

(b) a thread is wholly formed in the United States if all the production processes, starting with the extrusion of filaments, strips,
film or sheet, and including slitting a film or sheet into strip, or the spinning of all fibers into thread, or both, and ending with
thread, took place in the United States.

23. For purposes of this subchapter, the term "goods described in U.S. note 23 to this subchapter" means goods entered under

subheading 9822.05.15 or 9822.05.20. Such goods must satisfy the requirements of general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule,
except that operations performed in, or material obtained from, the United States shall be considered as if the operations were
performed in, and the material was obtained from, a country that is not a party to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a)
to the tariff schedule. For purposes of determining which country-specific tariff-rate quota applies to such a good, the nonpreferential
rules of origin used in the normal course of trade shall be applied.

24. The aggregate quantity of goods of Costa Rica described in U.S. note 23 to this subchapter that may be entered under subheading

9822.05.15 in calendar year 2009 or in any subsequent calendar year shall not exceed 2,000 metric tons.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-14
U.S. Notes (con.)

25. (a) During the periods specified below, the aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 23 to this subchapter of each

party to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) that may be entered under subheading 9822.05.20 shall be limited
to the aggregate quantity (set forth in metric tons) specified below for the country listed:

Period

March 24, 2006 - December 31, 2006
April 1, 2006 - December 31, 2006
April 1, 2006 - December 31, 2006
July 1, 2006 - December 31, 2006
March 1, 2007 - December 31, 2007
January 1, 2009 - December 31, 2009
June 15, 2010 - December 31, 2010

Country
El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua
Guatemala
Dominican Republic
Costa Rica
Costa Rica

Metric tons
24,000
8,000
22,000
32,000
0
11,660
11,880

(b) (i) Beginning in 2007 and in successive years thereafter, the Office of the United States Trade Representative shall publish
in the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year, using the most recent annual data available, of the amount
of the trade surplus (the amount by which a country's exports to all destinations exceeds its imports from all sources),
by volume, of each party to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule for goods classified in
the following subheadings:

1701.12, 1701.13, 1701.14, 1701.91, 1701.99, 1702.40 and 1702.60,

except that a country's exports to the United States of goods classified under subheadings 1701.12, 1701.13, 1701.14,
1701.12, 1701.91 and 1701.99 and its imports of originating goods of the United States classified under subheadings
1702.40 and 1702.60 shall not be included in the calculation of a country's trade surplus.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-15

U.S. Notes (con.)

(ii) The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 23 to this subchapter of each party to the Agreement as defined
in general note 29(a) that may be entered under subheading 9822.05.20 in any calendar year set forth herein shall be
the quantity of goods equal to the lesser of the amount of that country's trade surplus determined under subdivision (b)
(ii) of this note or the aggregate quantity of goods specified below for that country for that year.

2007

2008

2009
(metric tons)

2010

2011

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

24,480
32,640
8,160
22,440

10,400
24,960
33,280
8,320
22,880

10,600
28,000
37,000
8,480
23,320

10,800
28,560
37,740
8,640
23,760

12,100
11,000
29,120
38,480
8,800
24,200

2012

2013

2014
(metric tons)

2015

2016

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

12,320
11,200
29,680
39,220
8,960
24,640

12,540
11,400
31,000
42,000
9,120
25,080

12,760
11,600
31,620
42,840
9,280
25,520

12,980
11,800
32,240
43,680
9,440
25,960

13,200
12,000
32,860
44,520
9,600
26,400

2017

2018

2019
(metric tons)

2020

2021

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

13,420
12,200
34,000
47,000
9,760
26,840

13,640
12,400
34,680
47,940
9,920
27,280

13,860
12,600
35,360
48,880
10,080
27,720

14,080
12,800
36,040
49,820
10,240
28,160

14,300
13,000
36,720
50,760
10,400
28,600

In each successive calendar year after 2021, the aggregate quantity for each enumerated country shall be increased, from
the aggregate quantity permitted in the prior calendar year, by the quantity set forth herein:

Quantity
(metric tons)

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

220
200
680
940
160
440

The quantities of goods of subheadings 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50, 1702.90.20 and 2106.90.46
that are entered under subheading 9822.05.20 shall be determined on a raw-value equivalent basis. For purposes of this note,
the term "raw value" means the equivalent of such articles in terms of ordinary commercial raw sugar testing 96 degrees by the
polariscope as determined in accordance with regulations or instructions issued by the Secretary of the Treasury. Such regulations
or instructions may, among other things, provide: (i) for the entry of such articles pending a final determination of polarity; and (ii)
that positive or negative adjustments for differences in preliminary and final raw values be made in the same or succeeding quota
periods. The principal grades and types of sugar shall be translated into terms of raw value in the following manner--

(A) For articles described in subheadings 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50 and 2106.90.46 by

multiplying the number of kilograms thereof by the greater of 0.93, or 1.07 less 0.0175 for each degree of polarization under
100 degrees (and fractions of a degree in proportion).

(B) For articles described in subheading 1702.90.20, by multiplying the number of kilograms of the total sugars thereof (the sum

of the sucrose and reducing or invert sugars) by 1.07.

26. The tariff treatment provided for in heading 9822.05.25 is limited to goods that have been mutually agreed by a party to the

Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) and by CITA to fall within the following:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-16
U.S. Notes (con.)

(a) hand-loomed fabrics of a cottage industry;

(b) hand-made cottage industry goods made of such hand-loomed fabrics; or

(c)

traditional folklore handicraft goods.

Such goods must be certified as eligible products of such party by the competent authority of such party, in accordance with any
requirements established by CITA.

27. Earned import allowance program.

(a) For purposes of heading 9822.06.05, eligible apparel articles wholly assembled in and imported directly from the Dominican
Republic shall enter the United States free of duty, without regard to the source of the fabric or yarns from which the articles
are made, if such apparel articles are accompanied by an earned import allowance certificate that reflect the amount of
credits equal to the total square meter equivalents (SMEs) of fabric in such apparel articles, in accordance with the earned
import allowance program established by the Secretary of Commerce. For purposes of determining the quantity of SMEs
under this note, the conversion factors listed in "Correlation: U.S. Textile and Apparel Industry Category System with the
Harmonized Tariff Schedule fo the United States of America, 2008" or its successor publications, of the United States
Department of Commerce shall apply.

(b) For purposes of subdivision (a) of this note, the term "eligible apparel articles" means the following articles classified in
chapter 62 of the tariff schedule (and meeting the requirements of the rules relating to chapter 62 of the tariff schedule
contained in general note 29(n) of such schedule) of cotton (but not of denim): trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches
and shorts, skirts and divided skirts and pants.

28. (a) For purposes of this subchapter, notwithstanding any other provisions of the tariff schedule, the term "goods of Peru, under
the terms of general note 32 to the tariff schedule" means goods of Peru that satisfy the requirements of general note 32 to
the tariff schedule, except that operations performed in, or material obtained from, the United States shall be considered as
if the operations were performed in, and the material was obtained from, a country that is not a party to the Agreement as
defined in general note 32 to the tariff schedule.

(b) The United States Trade Representative (USTR) may promulgate regulations to provide for the entry of goods of Peru under
subheading 9822.06.10. Such USTR regulations may, among other things, provide for the issuance of certificates of eligibility
to accompany goods of Peru imported under such subheading.

(c) Beginning in 2009 and in successive years thereafter, the Office of the United States Trade Representative shall publish in
the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year, using the most recent annual data available, of the amount of
the trade surplus (the amount by which Peru's exports to all destinations exceeds its imports from all sources), by volume,
for goods of Peru under the terms of general note 32 to the tariff schedule, that are classified in the following subheadings:

1701.12, 1701.13, 1701.14, 1701.91, 1701.99, 1702.40 and 1702.60,

except that Peru's exports to the United States of goods classified under subheadings 1701.12, 1701.13, 1701.14, 1701.12,
1701.91 and 1701.99 and its imports of originating goods of the United States classified under subheadings 1702.40 and
1702.60 shall not be included in the calculation of Peru's trade surplus.

(d) The aggregate quantity of goods of Peru under the terms of general note 32 to the tariff schedule that may be entered under
subheading 9822.06.10 in any calendar year set forth herein shall be the quantity of goods equal to the lesser of the amount
of Peru's trade surplus determined under subdivision (c) of this note or the aggregate quantity of goods specified below for
Peru for that year.

Year

2/1/09 - 12/31/09
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(metric tons)

9,000
9,180
9,360
9,540
9,720
9,900
10,080
10,260

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023

Quantity
(metric tons)

10,440
10,620
10,800
10,980
11,160
11,340
11,520

In each successive calendar year after 2023, the aggregate quantity for each enumerated country shall be increased, from
the aggregate quantity permitted in the prior calendar year, by 180 metric tons annually.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-17

U.S. Notes (con.)

(e) The quantities of goods of subheadings 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50, 1702.90.20 and

2106.90.46 that are entered under subheading 9822.06.10 shall be determined on a raw-value equivalent basis. For purposes
of this note, the term "raw value" means the equivalent of such articles in terms of ordinary commercial raw sugar testing
96 degrees by the polariscope as determined in accordance with regulations or instructions issued by the Secretary of the
Treasury. Such regulations or instructions may, among other things, provide: (i) for the entry of such articles pending a final
determination of polarity; and (ii) that positive or negative adjustments for differences in preliminary and final raw values be
made in the same or succeeding quota periods. The principal grades and types of sugar shall be translated into terms of
raw value in the following manner--

(1) For articles described in subheadings 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50 and 2106.90.46,

by multiplying the number of kilograms thereof by the greater of 0.93 or 1.07 less 0.0175 for each degree of polarization
under 100 degrees (and fractions of a degree in proportion).

(2) For articles described in subheading 1702.90.20, by multiplying the number of kilograms of the total sugars thereof (the

sum of the sucrose and reducing or invert sugars) by 1.07.

29. (a) Heading 9822.06.20 shall apply to textile or apparel goods of chapters 50 through 63 and subheading 9404.90 that contain
any of the fabrics, yarns or fibers set forth herein, are described in general note 32 to the tariff schedule and otherwise meet
the requirements of such general note 32:

(1) 100 percent polyester crushed panné velour fabric, of circular knit construction, weighing not over 271 g/m2, provided

for in subheading 6001.92.00;

(2) Cuprammonium rayon filament yarn, provided for in subheading 5403.39;

(3) Yarn of combed cashmere, combed cashmere blends or combed camel hair, provided for in subheading 5108.20.60;

(4) Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks

per square cm, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric, provided for in subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21;

(5) Woven fabrics of cotton, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per cm2, of

average yarn number exceeding 135 metric, provided for in subheading 5210.21 or 5210.31;

(6) Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, weighing less than 170 g/m2, having a dobby weave created by a dobby

attachment, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric, provided for in subheading 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83;

(7) Woven fabrics of cotton, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks per cm2, made with

single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric, provided for in subheading 5208.51;

(8) Woven fabrics of cotton, with the warp yarns colored with vegetable dyes and the filling yarns white or colored with

vegetable dyes, of average yarn number greater than 65 metric, provided for in subheading 5208.41;

(9) Ring spun single yarn of yarn numbers 50 and 84 metric, containing 50 percent or more but less than 85 percent by
weight of 1 decitex or finer micro modal fiber, mixed solely with U.S. origin extra long pima cotton, provided for in
subheading 5510.30.00;

(10) Micro-denier 30 and 36 singles solution dyed, open-end spun, staple spun yarn of viscose rayon fibers, provided for in

subheading 5510.11.00;

(11) Combed compact yarns of wool or fine animal hair, other than South American camelidae fine hair, provided for in

subheading 5107.10, 5107.20 or 5108.20;

(12) Plain, twill or satin weave 100 percent polyester filament fabric, measuring 147.3 cm or more but not over 152.4 cm in
width, of yarns of at least three different colors, in combinations of 83.3 decitex, 111.1 decitex, 166.7 decitex and 333.3
decitex yarn sizes, with mixes of 25 percent cationic/75 percent disperse, 50 percent cationic/50 percent disperse and
100 percent cationic dyes, provided for in subheading 5407.53.20;

(13) Ring spun single yarns of artificial staple fibers, of yarn number 50 metric and higher, of 1 decitex or finer micro modal

fibers, provided for in subheading 5510.11.00;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-18
U.S. Notes (con.)

(14) 100 percent cotton flannel fabrics, 4-thread twill weave, measuring 148 cm or more but not over 150 cm in width, weighing
136 or more but not over 140 g/m2, formed from yarn-dyed, combed and ring spun single yarns of yarn numbers 48 or
more but not over 52 metric warp and filling, average yarn number 48 or more but not over 50 metric of between two
and eight yarns of different colors; the foregoing napped on both sides, containing 38 or more but not over 40 warp ends
per cm, 28 or more but not over 30 filling picks per cm with a total thread count of 66 or more but not over 70 threads
per cm2, provided for in subheading 5208.43.00;

(15) 100 percent cotton flannel fabrics, of 4-thread herringbone twill weave, measuring 142 cm or more but not over 145 cm
in width, weighing 301 or more but not over 303 g/m2, formed from yarn-dyed, combed and ring spun single yarns of
yarn numbers 35/2 or 36/2 metric warp and filling, ring spun, with an overall average yarn number 32 or more but not
over 34 metric, of two or more yarns of different colors in the warp and filling; napped on both sides, containing 25 or
26 warp ends per cm, 23 or 24 filling picks per cm and a total of 48 or more but not over- 50 threads per cm2 , provided
for in subheading 5208.43.00;

(16) 100 percent cotton flannel fabrics, measuring 148 cm or more but not over 152 cm in width, weighing 325 or more but
not over 327 g/m2, of 4-thread double faced irregular 1 x 3 sateen twill weave, formed from yarn-dyed, combed and ring
spun single yarns of yarn numbers 50 or more but not over 52 metric warp, 23 or more but not over 25 metric filling and
an overall average yarn number 28 or more but not over 30 metric, the foregoing printed on one side on yarns of different
colors; napped on both sides and sanforized, containing 33 or more but not over 35 warp ends per cm, 57 or more but
not over 59 filling picks per cm and a total of 90 or more but not over 94 threads per cm2, provided for in subheading
5208.43.00;

(17) 100 percent cotton flannel fabrics, measuring 168 cm or more but not over 172 cm in width, weighing 176 or more but
not over 182 g/m2 , dyed, carbon emerized on both sides, 4-thread twill weave, the foregoing formed from yarn-dyed,
combed and ring spun single yarns of yarn numbers 39/1 or more but not over 41/1 metric combed ring spun warp, 39/1
or more but not over 41/1 carded ring spun filling and an overall average yarn number of 38 or more but not over 40
metric, containing 43 or more but not over 45 warp ends per cm, 24 or more but not over 26 filling picks per cm, with a
total of 61 or more but not over 71 threads per cm2, provided for in subheading 5208.43.00;

(18) 100 percent cotton flannel fabrics, measuring 148 cm or more but not over 152 cm in width, weighing 150 or more but
not over 160 g/m2, 4-thread 2x2 twill weave, the foregoing formed from yarn-dyed, combed and ring spun single yarns
of different colors, napped, with yarn numbers 34 metric warp and filling, ring spun and combed, two ply, and an average
yarn number of 60 or more but not over 62 metric, containing 50 or more but not over 52 warp ends per cm, 45 or more
but not over 46 filling picks per cm and a total thread count of 92 or more but not over 98 threads per square cm, provided
for in subheading 5208.43.00; or

(19) Any other fabric, yarn or fiber that the Committee for Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA) determines in a notice
published in the Federal Register on or after February 1, 2009, is not available in commercial quantities in a timely
manner in the territory of Peru, the United States or both, subject to any quantitative limitations that CITA may establish
for the fabric, yarn or fiber.

(b) The United States Trade Representative may modify the enumeration of designated fabrics, yarns and fibers set forth in

subdivision (a) of this note, to reflect CITA determinations described in subdivision (a) of this note, in a notice published in
the Federal Register.

30. (a) The tariff treatment provided for in heading 9822.06.25 is limited to goods that have been mutually agreed by Peru and by

the United States and determined by CITA to fall within the following provisions:

(1) hand-loomed fabrics of a cottage industry;

(2) hand-made cottage industry goods made of such hand-loomed fabrics; or

(3)

traditional folklore handicraft goods.

(4) handmade goods that substantially incorporate a historical or traditional regional design or motif.

A historical or traditional regional design or motif includes, but is not limited to, depictions of traditional geometric patterns or
native objects, landscapes, animals, or people.

(b) Such goods must be certified as eligible products of Peru by the competent authority of Peru, in accordance with any

requirements established by the Committee for Implementation of Textile Agreements.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-19

U.S. Notes (con.)

31. (a) Subheadings 9822.07.10 through 9822.07.25 and the quantitative limitations set forth in subdivision (b) of this note apply

to nonoriginating goods of Korea, provided for in subheading 2402.20 of the tariff schedule. The provisions of this note and
such subheadings shall apply to such goods of Korea that contain nonoriginating tobacco of heading 2401, provided that:
(a) leaf tobacco of heading 2401 that has been grown and harvested in the United States constitutes not less than 30 percent
by weight of the tobacco contained in such goods; or (b) originating leaf tobacco of heading 2401 constitutes not less than
60 percent by weight of the tobacco contained in such goods. Nonoriginating goods of Korea entered in excess of the
quantitative limitation set forth herein in any calendar year beginning with 2012 shall receive the column 1-general rate of
duty provided for in the appropriate provision in chapter 24. No originating goods of Korea, under the terms of general note
33 to the tariff schedule, shall be permitted or included under these subheadings.

(b) The aggregate quantity of goods of Korea entered under subheadings 9822.07.10 through 9822.07.25 in any calendar year

shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

Quantity
(Thousands)

Year

Quantity
(Thousands)

3/15/2012-12/31/2012........
2013...................................
2014...................................
2015...................................

1,100,000
1,350,000
1,600,000
1,850,000

2016.....................................
2017.....................................
2018 and thereafter..............

2,100,000
2,300,000
2,500,000

32. (a)

In the period of May 15, 2012 through December 31, 2012, the aggregate quantity of goods of Colombia, as defined in
General Note 34, described in U.S. note 32 to this subchapter, that is entered under subheading 9822.08.01 shall be limited
to 50,000 metric tons.

(b) Beginning in 2013 and in successive years thereafter, the Office of the United States Trade Representative shall publish in
the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year, using the most recent annual data available, of the amount of
Colombia's trade surplus (the amount by which Colombia's exports to all destinations exceeds its imports from all sources),
by volume, for goods classified in the following subheadings:

1701.12, 1701.13, 1701.14, 1701.91, 1701.99, 1702.40 and 1702.60,

except that Colombia's exports to the United States of goods classified under subheadings 1701.12, 1701.13, 1701.14,
1701.91 and 1701.99 and its imports of originating goods of the United States classified under subheadings 1702.40 and
1702.60 shall not be included in the calculation of that country's trade surplus.

(c)

(i)

The aggregate quantity of goods of Colombia, as defined in such general note 34, that may be entered under subheading
9822.08.01 in any calendar year set forth herein shall be the quantity of goods equal to the lesser of (1) the amount of
Colombia's trade surplus determined under subdivision (b) of this note, or (2) the aggregate quantity of goods specified
below for Colombia for that year.

Year

2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019

Quantity
(metric tons)

50,750
51,500
52,250
53,000
53,750
54,500
55,250

Year

2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026

Quantity
(metric tons)

56,000
56,750
57,500
58,250
59,000
59,750
60,500

In each successive calendar year after 2026, the aggregate quantity for each enumerated country shall be increased,
from the aggregate quantity permitted in the prior calendar year, by 750 metric tons annually.

(ii) The quantities of goods of subheadings 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50, 1702.90.20 and

2106.90.46 that are entered under subheading 9822.08.01 shall be determined on a raw-value equivalent basis. For
purposes of this note, the term "raw value" means the equivalent of such articles in terms of ordinary commercial raw
sugar testing 96 degrees by the polariscope as determined in accordance with regulations or instructions issued by the
Secretary of the Treasury. Such regulations or instructions may, among other things, provide: (i) for the entry of such
articles pending a final determination of polarity; and (ii) that positive or negative adjustments for differences in preliminary
and final raw values be made in the same or succeeding quota periods. The principal grades and types of sugar shall
be translated into terms of raw value in the following manner--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-20
U.S. Notes (con.)

(A) For articles described in subheadings 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50 and 2106.90.46
by multiplying the number of kilograms thereof by the greater of 0.93, or 1.07 less 0.0175 for each degree of
polarization under 100 degrees (and fractions of a degree in proportion).

(B) For articles described in subheading 1702.90.20, by multiplying the number of kilograms of the total sugars thereof

(the sum of the sucrose and reducing or invert sugars) by 1.07.

(d) For purposes of subheading 9822.08.01, notwithstanding any other provisions of the tariff schedule, the term "goods of Colombia,
under the terms of general note 34 to the tariff schedule" means goods of Colombia that satisfy the requirements of general note
34 to the tariff schedule, except that operations performed in, or material obtained from, the United States shall be considered
as if the operations were performed in, and the material was obtained from, a country that is not a party to the agreement specified
in such general note 34 to the tariff schedule.

33. (a) Heading 9822.08.25 shall apply to textile or apparel goods of Colombia of chapters 42, 50 through 63 and 94 of the tariff

schedule that contain any of the fabrics, yarns or fibers set forth herein, are described in general note 34 (m)(vii) to the tariff
schedule and that otherwise meet the requirements of such general note 34:

(1) Crushed panné velour fabrics classified in subheading 6001.92.00, of circular knit construction, wholly of polyester;

(2) Cuprammonium rayon filament yarn classified in subheading 5403.39;

(3) Yarns of combed cashmere, combed cashmere blends or combed camel hair classified in subheading 5108.20.60;

(4) Fabrics classified in subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends

and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(5) Fabrics classified in subheading 5210.21 or 5210.31, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp ends

and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(6) Fabrics classified in subheading 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 g/cm2, having a dobby weave

created by a dobby attachment, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(7) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.51, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling picks

per cm2, made with single yarns, of average yarn number 95 or greater metric;

(8) Fabrics classified in subheading 5208.41, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes, and the filling yarns white or colored

with vegetable dyes, of average yarn number greater than 65 metric;

(9) Ring spun single yarn classified in subheading 5510.30.00, of English yarn numbers 30 and 50, containing 50 percent
or more but less than 85 percent by weight of 0.9 denier or finer micro modal fibers, mixed solely with U.S.-origin extra
long pima cotton;

(10) Micro-denier 30 and 36 singles solution dyed, open-end spun, staple spun viscose yarn classified in subheading

5510.11.00;

(11) Combed compact yarns of wool or fine animal hair (except South American camelidae fine hair), classified in subheading

5107.10, 5107.20 or 5108.20;

(12) "Fancy" polyester filament fabrics classified in subheading 5403.53.20, wholly of polyester, of plain, twill or satin weave;
containing at least three different yarns each of which is dyed a different color; in combinations of 75 denier, 100 denier,
150 denier and 300 denier yarn sizes, with mixes of 25 percent cationic/75 percent disperse, 50 percent cationic/50
percent disperse and 100 percent cationic; the foregoing either (1) flat fabrics weighing not more than 170 g/m2 or (2)
fabrics other than flat fabrics, weighing more than 170 g/m2 ;

(13) Ring spun single yarns of English yarn number 30 and higher, of 0.9 denier or finer micro modal fibers, classified in

subheading 5510.11.00;

(14) Fabrics wholly of cotton, flannel, of 4-thread twill weave, of yarn-dyed, combed and ring spun single yarns; weighing
136 or more but not over 140 g/m2; measuring 148 or more but not over 150 cm in width; having a thread count of 38
through 40 warp ends per cm and 28 through 30 filling picks per cm and a total thread count of 66 through 70 threads
per cm2; of a yarn number of 48 through 52 metric warp and filling, with average yarn number 48 through 50 metric; of
two or more and up to eight yarns of different colors; napped on both sides; the foregoing classified in subheading
5208.43.00;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-21

U.S. Notes (con.)

(15) Fabrics wholly of cotton, flannel, of 4-thread Herringbone twill weave, of yarn-dyed, combed and ring spun single yarns;
weighing 301 or more but not over 303 g/m2; measuring 142 or more but not over 145 cm in width; having a thread count
of 25 through 26 warp ends per cm and 23 through 24 filling picks per cm and a total thread count of 48 through 50
threads per cm2; of a yarn number of 35/2 through 36/2 metric warp and filling, with average yarn number 32 through
34 metric; of two or more yarns of different colors in the warp and filling; napped on both sides; the foregoing classified
in subheading 5208.43.00;

(16) Fabrics wholly of cotton, flannel, of 4-thread twill weave (double faced irregular 1 x 3 sateen), of yarn-dyed, combed and
ring spun single yarns; weighing 325 or more but not over 327 g/m2; measuring 148 or more but not over 152 cm in
width; having a thread count of 33 through 35 warp ends per cm and 57 through 59 filling picks per cm and a total thread
count of 90 through 94 threads per cm2; of a yarn number of 50 through 52 metric warp and 23 through 25 filling, with
overall average yarn number 32 through 34 metric; printed on one side on yarns of different colors; napped on both
sides; sanforized®; the foregoing classified in subheading 5208.43.00;

(17) Fabrics wholly of cotton, flannel, of 3-thread or 4-thread twill weave, of yarn-dyed, combed and ring spun single yarns;
weighing 176 or more but not over 182 g/m2; measuring 168 or more but not over 172 cm in width; having a thread count
of 43 through 45 warp ends per cm and 24 through 26 filling picks per cm and a total thread count of 61 through 71
threads per cm2; of a yarn number of 39/1 through 41/1 metric combed ring spun warp and 39/1 through 41/1 carded
ring spun filling, with overall average yarn number 38 through 40 metric; piece dyed; carbon emerized on both sides;
the foregoing classified in subheading 5208.43.00;

(18) Fabrics wholly of cotton, flannel, of 4-thread 2 x 2 twill weave, of yarn-dyed, combed and ring spun single yarns; weighing

150 or more but not over 160 g/m2; measuring 148 or more but not over 152 cm in width; having a thread count of 50
through 52 warp ends per cm (25 through 26 x two plies) and 45 through 46 filling picks per cm (21 through 23 x two
plies) and a total thread count of 92 through 98 threads per cm2 (46 through 49 x two plies); of a yarn number of 34
metric warp and filling, ring spun and combed, two ply yarns, with average yarn number 60 through 62 metric; of yarns
of different colors; napped; the foregoing classified in subheading 5208.43.00;

(19) Any other fabric, yarn or fiber that the Committee for Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA) determines in a notice
published in the Federal Register pursuant to Public Law 112-42 is not available in commercial quantities in a timely
manner in the territory of Colombia or of the United States, subject to any quantitative limitations that CITA may establish
for the fabric, yarn or fiber.

(b) The United States Trade Representative may modify the enumeration of designated fabrics, yarns and fibers set forth in this
note to reflect CITA determinations described in subdivision (a), above, in a notice published in the Federal Register.

34. (a) The tariff treatment provided for in heading 9822.08.35 is limited to goods that have been mutually agreed by Colombia and

by the United States and determined by the Committee for Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA) to fall within the
following provisions:

(1) hand-loomed fabrics of a cottage industry;

(2) hand-made cottage industry goods made of such hand-loomed fabrics;

(3)

traditional folklore handicraft goods; or

(4) handmade goods that substantially incorporate a historical or traditional regional design or motif.

A historical or traditional regional design or motif includes, but is not limited to, depictions of traditional geometric patterns or
native objects, landscapes, animals or people.

(b) Such goods must be certified as eligible products of Colombia by the competent authority of Colombia, in accordance with

any requirements established by CITA.

35. (a) Beginning in 2012 and in successive years thereafter, the Office of the United States Trade Representative shall publish in
the Federal Register a determination for that calendar year, using the most recent annual data available, of the amount of
Panama's trade surplus (the amount by which Panama's exports to all destinations exceeds its imports from all sources),
by volume, for goods of Panama under the terms of general note 35 to the tariff schedule that are classified in the following
subheadings: 1701.12, 1701.13, 1701.14, 1701.91, 1701.99, 1702.40 and 1702.60, except that Panama's exports to the
United States of goods classified in subheadings 1701.12, 1701.13, 1701.14, 1701.91 and 1701.99 and its imports of
originating goods of the United States classified in subheadings 1702.40 and 1702.60 shall not be included in the calculation
of Panama's trade surplus.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-22
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b) During the period from October 31, 2012 through the close of December 31, 2012, the aggregate quantity of originating

goods of Panama, under the terms of general note 35 to the tariff schedule, that may be entered under subheading 9822.09.17
shall be zero.

(c) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama, under the terms of general note 35 to the tariff schedule, that may
be entered under subheading 9822.09.17 in any calendar year as provided herein shall be the quantity goods equal to the
lesser of the amount of Panama's trade surplus determined under subdivision (a) of this note, or the aggregate quantity of
goods specified below for Panama for that year:

Year

2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019

Quantity
(metric tons)

510
515
520
525
530
535
540

Year

2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026

Quantity
(metric tons)

545
550
555
560
565
570
575

In each successive calendar year after 2026, the aggregate quantity for such goods of Panama shall be increased, from the
aggregate quantity permitted in the prior calendar year, by 5 metric tons annually.

(d) The United States may administer the duty-free quantities established in this note through regulations, including licenses.

36. The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheading 9822.09.18 in any calendar year shall not

exceed the quantity specified below for that year:

Year

Quantity
(metric tons)

Year

Quantity
(metric tons)

10/31/2012-12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

6,060
6,120
6,180
6,240
6,300

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021 and thereafter

6,360
6,420
6,480
6,540
6,600

The United States may administer the duty-free quantities established in this note through regulations, including licenses.

37. The quantities of goods of Panama under subheadings 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50, 1702.90.20

and 2106.90.46 that are entered under subheading 9822.09.17 or 9822.09.18 shall be determined on a raw-value equivalent
basis. For purposes of this note, the term "raw value" means the equivalent of such articles in terms of ordinary commercial raw
sugar testing 96 degrees by the polariscope as determined in accordance with the regulations or instructions issued by the
Secretary of the Treasury. Such regulations or instructions may, among other things, provide: (i) for the entry of such articles
pending a final determination of polarity; and (ii) that positive or negative adjustments for differences in preliminary and final raw
values be made in the same or succeeding quota periods. The principal grades and types of sugar shall be translated into terms
of raw value in the following manner:

(a) For articles described in subheadings 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50 and 2106.90.46, by

multiplying the number of kilograms thereof by the greater of 0.93 or 1.07 less 0.0175 for each degree of polarization under
100 degrees (and fractions of a degree in proportion); and

(b) For articles described in subheading 1702.90.20, by multiplying the number of kilograms of the total sugars thereof (the sum

of the sucrose and reducing or invest sugars) by 1.07.

38. For purposes of subheading 9822.09.20, the aggregate quantity of specialty sugars as provided for in additional U.S. note 5 to
chapter 17 that are originating goods of Panama and entered under such subheading shall not exceed 500 metric tons in any
year. The United States may administer the duty-free quantities established in this note through regulations, including licenses.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-23

U.S. Notes (con.)

39. For a textile or apparel good provided for in chapters 61 through 63 of the tariff schedule that is not an originating good under

general note 35 to the tariff schedule and for which the duty treatment set forth in heading 9822.09.61 is claimed, the rate of duty
set forth in the general subcolumn of rate of duty column 1 shall apply only on the value of the assembled good minus the value
of fabrics formed in the United States, components knit-to-shape in the United States and any other materials of U.S. origin used
in the production of such a good, provided that the good is sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Panama from thread
wholly formed in the United States, from fabrics wholly formed in the United States and cut in Panama or from components
knit-to-shape in the United States, or both. For purposes of this note--

(a) a fabric is wholly formed in the United States if all the production processes and finishing operations, starting with the weaving,
knitting, needling, tufting, felting, entangling or other process, and ending with a fabric ready for cutting or assembly without
further processing, took place in the United States; and

(b) a thread is wholly formed in the United States if all the production processes, starting with the extrusion of filaments, strips,
film or sheet, and including slitting a film or sheet into strip, or the spinning of all fibers into thread, or both, and ending with
thread, took place in the United States.

40. (a) Heading 9822.09.62 shall apply to textile or apparel goods of Panama of chapters 50 through 63 and subheading 9404.90
of the tariff schedule that contain any of the fabrics, yarns or fibers set forth herein, are described in general note 35(d)(ii)
to the tariff schedule and that otherwise meet the requirements of such general note 35:

(1) velveteen fabrics classified in subheading 5801.23;

(2) corduroy fabrics classified in subheading 5801.22, containing 85 percent or more by weight of cotton and containing

more than 7.5 wales per cm;

(3)

(4)

fabrics of wool, classified in subheading 5111.11 or 5111.19, hand-woven, with a loom width of less than 76 cm, woven
in the United Kingdom in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Harris Tweed Association, Ltd., and so certified
by the Association;

fabrics classified in subheading 5112.30, weighing not more than 340 g/m2, containing wool, not less than 20 percent
by weight of fine animal hair and not less than 15 percent by weight of man-made staple fibers;

(5) batiste fabrics of polyester staple fibers, classified in subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, of square construction, of single
yarns exceeding 76 metric count, containing between 60 and 70 warp ends and filling picks per cm2, of a weight not
exceeding 110 g/m2;

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

fabrics of cotton, classified in subheading 5208.21, 5208.22, 5208.29, 5208.31, 5208.32, 5208.39, 5208.41, 5208.42,
5208.49, 5208.51, 5208.52 or 5208.59, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

fabrics of polyester staple fibers, classified in subheading 5513.11 or 5513.21, not of square construction, containing
more than 70 warp ends and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

fabrics classified in subheading 5210.21 or 5210.31, of cotton, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp
ends and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 70 metric;

fabrics classified in subheading 5208.22 or 5208.32, of cotton, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp
ends and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

(10) fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, classified in subheading 5407.81, 5407.82 or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 g/m2,

having a dobby weave created by a dobby attachment;

(11) fabrics classified in subheading 5208.42 or 5208.49, of cotton, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp

ends and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric;

(12) fabrics classified in subheading 5208.51, of cotton, of square construction, containing more than 75 warp ends and filling

picks per cm2, made with single yarns, of average yarn number equal to or exceeding 95 metric;

(13) fabrics classified in subheading 5208.41, of cotton, of square construction, with a gingham pattern, containing more than
85 warp ends and filling picks per cm2, made with single yarns, of average yarn number equal to or exceeding 95 metric
and characterized by a check effect produced by the variation in color of the yarns in the warp and filling;

(14) fabrics classified in subheading 5208.41, of cotton, with the warp colored with vegetable dyes and the filling yarns white

or colored with vegetable dyes, of average yarn number exceeding 65 metric;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-24
U.S. Notes (con.)

(15) circular knit fabric, wholly of cotton yarns, exceeding 100 metric number per single yarn, classified in tariff item 6006.21.10,

6006.22.10, 6006.23.10 or 6006.24.10;

(16) 100 percent polyester crushed panné velour fabric of circular knit construction, not over 271 g/m2, classified in tariff item

6001.92.00;

(17) viscose rayon yarns classified in subheading 5403.31 or 5403.32;

(18) yarns of combed cashmere, combed cashmere blends or combed camel hair classified in tariff item 5108.20.60;

(19) two elastomeric fabrics used in waistbands, classified in tariff item 5903.90.25, comprising (1) a knitted outer-fusible

fabric with a fold line knitted into the fabric, having a 45 mm wide base substrate, knitted in narrow width, containing by
weight 49 percent polyester, 43 percent elastomeric filament and 8 percent nylon with a weight of approximately 124.7
g (4.4 ounces) per hundred linear yards of conditioned and relaxed fabric, a 110/110 stretch, and a dull yarn, stretch
elastomeric material with an adhesive (thermoplastic resin) coating; such 45-mm width divided as follows: 34-mm solid,
followed by a 3-mm seam allowing it to fold over, followed by 8 mm of solid; and (2) a knitted inner-fusible fabric with
an adhesive (thermoplastic resin) coating applied after going through a finishing process to remove all shrinkage from
the product; such fabric a 40-mm synthetic fiber based, stretch elastomeric fusible consisting of 80 percent nylon type
6 and 20 percent elastomeric filament with a weight of approximately 124.7 (4.4 ounces) per hundred linear yards of
conditioned and relaxed fabric, a 110/110 stretch, and a dull yarn;

(20) fabrics classified in subheading 5210.21 or 5210.31, of cotton, not of square construction, containing more than 70 warp

ends and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(21) fabrics classified in subheading 5208.22 or 5208.32, of cotton, not of square construction, containing more than 75 warp

ends and filling picks per cm2, of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(22) fabrics of synthetic filament yarn classified in subheading 5407.81, 5407.82, or 5407.83, weighing less than 170 g/m2,

having a dobby weave created by a dobby attachment of average yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(23) cuprammonium rayon filament yarn classified in subheading 5403.39;

(24) fabrics classified in subheading 5208.42 or 5208.49, of cotton, not of square construction, containing more than 85 warp
ends and filling picks per cm2, either of average yarn number exceeding 85 metric or, if Oxford construction, of average
yarn number exceeding 135 metric;

(25) single ring-spun yarns of artificial staple fibers, of yarn numbers 51 and 85 metric, containing 50 percent or more but
less than 85 percent by weight of 1 decitex (0.9 denier) or finer micro modal fiber, mixed solely with U.S.-origin extra
long pima cotton, such yarns classified in subheading 5510.30;

(26) tow of viscose rayon classified in heading 5502;

(27) 100 percent cotton woven flannel fabrics, classified in tariff item 5208.43.00, the foregoing of single ring-spun yarns of

different colors, of yarn numbers 21 through 36 metric, of 2 x 2 twill weave construction, weighing not more than 200
g/m2;

(28) fabrics classified in the following tariff items, the foregoing of average yarn number exceeding 93 metric: 5208.21.60,
5208.22.80, 5208.29.80, 5208.31.80, 5208.32.50, 5208.39.80, 5208.41.80, 5208.42.50, 5208.49.80, 5208.51.80,
5208.52.50, 5208.59.80, 5210.21.80, 5210.29.80, 5210.31.80, 5210.39.80, 5210.41.80, 5210.49.80, 5210.51.80 or
5210.59.80;

(29) yarns of carded cashmere or of carded camel hair, classified in tariff item 5108.10.60, used to produce woven fabrics

classified in subheading 5111.11 or 5111.19;

(30) acid-dyeable acrylic tow classified in subheading 5501.30, for production of yarns classified in subheading 5509.31;

(31) untextured flat yarns of nylon classified in tariff item 5402.41.90, either (1) of nylon, 7 denier/5 filament nylon 66 untextured
(flat) semi-dull yarn, multifilament, untwisted or with a twist not exceeding 50 turns/m; (2) of nylon, 10 denier/7 filament
nylon 66 untextured (flat) semi-dull yarn, multifilament, untwisted or with a twist not exceeding 50 turns/m; or (3) of nylon,
12 denier/5 filament nylon 66 untextured (flat) semi-dull yarn; multifilament, untwisted or with a twist not exceeding 50
turns/m;

(32) woven fabric classified in tariff item 5515.13.10, of polyester staple fibers mixed with combed wool, containing less than

36 percent by weight of wool;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-25

U.S. Notes (con.)

(33) knitted fabric containing by weight 85 percent spun silk and 15 percent wool, weighing 210 g/m2, classified in tariff item

6006.90.10;

(34) woven fabrics classified in subheading 5512.99, containing 100 percent by weight of synthetic staple fibers, not of square

construction, of average yarn number exceeding 55 metric;

(35) woven fabrics classified in subheadings 5512.21 or 5512.29, containing 100 percent by weight of acrylic fibers, of average

yarn number exceeding 55 metric;

(36) rayon filament sewing thread, classified in subheading 5401.20;

(37) poplin or broadcloth, ring spun, woven fabric containing by weight 97 percent cotton and 3 percent Lycra©, of number

42 or lower number, classified in tariff item 5208.32.30;

(38) tri-blend woven fabric (except blue denim or jacquard weave) of yarns of different colors, containing by weight 74 percent

of polyester, 22 percent of nylon and 4 percent of spandex by weight, classified in tariff item 5512.99.00;

(39) two-way stretch woven fabric (except blue denim, jacquard weave, poplin, broadcloth, sheeting, printcloth, cheesecloth,
lawns, voiles, batistes, duck, satin weave, twill weave or Oxford cloth) containing by weight 62 percent polyester, 32
percent rayon and 6 percent spandex, other than of yarns of different colors, classified in tariff item 5515.19.00;

(40) two-way stretch woven fabric (except blue denim, jacquard weave, poplin, broadcloth, sheeting, printcloth, cheesecloth,
lawns, voiles, batistes, duck, satin weave, twill weave or Oxford cloth) containing by weight 71 percent polyester, 23
percent rayon and 6 percent spandex, other than of yarns of different colors, classified in tariff item 5515.19.00;

(41) dyed rayon blend herringbone twill fabric, containing 70 percent rayon and 30 percent polyester by weight, weighing

more than 200 g/m2, classified in subheading 5516.92;

(42) printed 100 percent rayon herringbone fabric, weighing more than 200 g/m2, classified in subheading 5516.14;

(43) Leaver's lace classified in subheading 5804.21 or 5804.29;

(44) any other fabric, yarn or fiber that the Committee for Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA) determines in a notice
published in the Federal Register pursuant to Public Law 112-43 is not available in commercial quantities in a timely
manner in the territory of Panama or of the United States, subject to any quantitative limitations that CITA may establish
for the fabric, yarn or fiber.

(b) The United States Trade Representative may modify the enumeration of designated fabrics, yarns and fibers set forth in this
note to reflect CITA determinations described in subdivision (a), above, in a notice published in the Federal Register.

41. Heading 9822.09.63 shall apply to dresses of heading 6204 and shirts and blouses of heading 6205, 6206 or 6211(whether or
not such goods are originating goods under the terms of general note 35 to the tariff schedule) containing the following:

(a) short or long sleeves;

(b) a center front placket with button closure that runs the full length of the good;

(c) a collar and yoke;

(d) either pleats or embroidery that run the full length of the good on both sides of the center front placket from the yoke to the

hem with a decorative button where the pleats or embroidery meet the yoke;

(e) corresponding pleats or embroidery that run the full length of the good on both sides of the back from the yoke to the hem

with a decorative button where the pleats or embroidery meet the yoke;

(f)

four pockets with buttons on the front of the good;

(g) a straight hem; and

(h) side vents or slits with a button closure,

provided that the good is both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of the United States or Panama.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
98-XXII-26
U.S. Notes (con.)

42. Heading 9822.09.65 shall apply to babies' socks and booties classified in subheadings 6111.20.60, 6111.30.50 or 6111.90.50
and to socks classified in subheadings 6115.91 through 6115.99, inclusive (whether or not any of the foregoing goods are
originating goods under the terms of general note 35 to the tariff schedule), provided that the good is sewn or otherwise assembled
in Panama with thread wholly formed and finished in the United States from components knit-to-shape in the United States from
yarns wholly formed and finished in the United States.

43. The tariff treatment provided for in heading 9822.09.70 is limited to goods that have been mutually agreed by Panama and by

the United States and determined by the Committee for Implementation of Textile Agreements (CITA) to fall within the following
provisions:

(a) hand-loomed fabrics of a cottage industry;

(b) hand-made cottage industry goods made of such hand-loomed fabrics;

(c)

traditional folklore handicraft goods; or

(d)

textile or apparel goods that substantially incorporate one or more molas;

provided that goods entered under such heading have been certified as eligible products by the competent authority of Panama,
in accordance with any requirements established by CITA.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XXII-27

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9822.01.05

1/

Goods eligible for temporary admission into the customs
territory of the United States under the terms of U.S. note 1(b)
to this subchapter.........................................................................

1/

9822.01.10

1/

Vessels (together with equipment, parts or materials)
regardless of origin, the foregoing exported temporarily from
the United States and re-entered into the customs territory
after undergoing repairs or alterations, under the terms of U.S.
note 1(c) to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

9822.01.25

1/

Apparel goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter and
entered pursuant to its provision.................................................

1/

9822.02.01

1/

9822.02.02

1/

9822.02.03

1/

Goods of Chile, under the terms of general note 26 to the tariff
schedule, provided for in subheading 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50,
1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58, 1701.99.50,
1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28, 1702.60.28, 1702.90.20,
1702.90.58, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1704.90.78, 1806.10.15,
1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55, 1806.10.75, 1806.20.73,
1806.20.77, 1806.20.94, 1806.20.98, 1806.90.39, 1806.90.49,
1806.90.59, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35, 1901.20.60, 1901.20.70,
1901.90.68,1901.90.71, 2101.12.38, 2101.12.48, 2101.12.58,
2101.20.38, 2101.20.48, 2101.20.58, 2103.90.78, 2106.90.46,
2106.90.72, 2106.90.76, 2106.90.80, 2106.90.91, 2106.90.94
or 2106.90.97 subject to the quantitative limits specified in
U.S. note 3(b) to subchapter.......................................................

Imports from Chile, in an aggregate annual quantity not to
exceed 1,000,000 SME, of cotton or man-made fiber fabric
goods provided for in subdivision (a) of U.S. note 4 to this
subchapter that are wholly formed in Chile from yarn produced
or obtained outside the territory of Chile or of the United States
or in subdivision (b) of U.S. note 4 to this subchapter that are
wholly formed in Chile from yarn spun in the territory of Chile
or of the United States from fiber produced or obtained outside
the territory of Chile or of the United States...............................

Imports from Chile, in an aggregate annual quantity not to
exceed 1,000,000 SME, of cotton or man-made fiber apparel
goods or apparel goods subject to cotton or man-made fiber
restraints provided for in U.S. note 5 to this subchapter that
are both cut (or knit to shape) and sewn or otherwise
assembled in Chile from fabric or yarn produced or obtained
outside the territory of Chile or of the United States.................

1/

1/

1/

Free, under the

terms of U.S. note
1(b) to this
subchapter

Free, under the

terms of U.S. note
1(c) to this
subchapter

Free (SG)

Free (CL)

Free (CL)

Free (CL)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-XXII-28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9822.03.01

1/

Goods of Morocco, under the terms of general note 27 to the
tariff schedule, provided for in subheading 1701.12.50,
1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58,
1701.99.50, 1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28, 1702.60.28,
1702.90.20, 1702.90.58, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1704.90.78,
1806.10.15, 1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55, 1806.10.75,
1806.20.73, 1806.20.77, 1806.20.94, 1806.20.98, 1806.90.39,
1806.90.49, 1806.90.59, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35, 1901.20.60,
1901.20.70, 1901.90.68, 1901.90.71, 2101.12.38, 2101.12.48,
2101.12.58, 2101.20.38, 2101.20.48, 2101.20.58, 2103.90.78,
2106.90.46, 2106.90.72, 2106.90.76, 2106.90.80, 2106.90.91,
2106.90.94, 2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20, subject to the
quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 6(b) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/

9822.03.02

1/

Imports from Morocco, in an aggregate quantity not to exceed
an annual quantity of 1,067,257 kilograms, of textile or apparel
goods provided for in U.S. note 7 to this subchapter................

Goods of Australia, under the terms of general note 28 to the
tariff schedule:

Goods provided for in subheading 0201.10.50, 0201.20.80,
0201.30.80, 0202.10.50, 0202.20.80 or 0202.30.80:

9822.04.01

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
8(b) to this subchapter....................................................

1/

9822.04.02

1/

9822.04.03
9822.04.05

1/

1/

9822.04.10

1/

9822.04.15

1/

9822.04.20

1/

Other:

Subject to the provisions of U.S. note 8(c) to this
subchapter.................................................................

Other..........................................................................
Goods provided for in subheading 0401.40.25, 0401.50.25,
0403.90.16 or 2105.00.20 subject to the quantitative limits
specified in U.S. note 9 to this subchapter..........................

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.50.75, 0402.21.90,
0403.90.65, 0403.90.78, 0405.10.20, 0405.20.30,
0405.90.20, 2106.90.26 or 2106.90.36 subject to the
quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 10 to this
subchapter..............................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.10.50 or
0402.21.25 subject to the quantitative limits specified in
U.S. note 11 to this subchapter............................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.21.50, 0403.90.45,
0403.90.55, 0404.10.90, 2309.90.28 or 2309.90.48 subject
to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 12 to this
subchapter..............................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

Free (MA)

Free (MA)

Free (AU)

17.1% (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Goods of Australia, under the terms of general note 28 to the
tariff schedule: (con.)

XXII
98-XXII-29

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9822.04.25

1/

9822.04.30

1/

9822.04.35

1/

9822.04.40

1/

9822.04.45

1/

9822.04.50

1/

9822.04.65

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50, 0402.99.90,
0403.20.50, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50,
0405.20.70, 1517.90.60, 1704.90.58, 1806.20.26,
1806.20.28, 1806.20.36, 1806.20.38, 1806.20.82,
1806.20.83, 1806.20.87, 1806.20.89, 1806.32.06,
1806.32.08, 1806.32.16, 1806.32.18, 1806.32.70,
1806.32.80, 1806.90.08, 1806.90.10, 1806.90.18,
1806.90.20, 1806.90.28, 1806.90.30, 1901.10.30,
1901.10.40, 1901.10.75, 1901.10.85, 1901.20.15,
1901.20.50, 1901.90.43, 1901.90.47, 2105.00.40,
2106.90.09, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.87 or 2202.90.28 subject
to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 13 to this
subchapter..............................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70, 0402.91.90,
0402.99.45 or 0402.99.55 subject to the quantitative limits
specified in U.S. note 14 to this subchapter.......................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08, 0406.10.88,
0406.20.91, 0406.30.91 or 0406.90.97 subject to the
quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 15 to this
subchapter..............................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18, 0406.10.48,
0406.10.58, 0406.10.68, 0406.20.28, 0406.20.48,
0406.20.53, 0406.20.63, 0406.20.75, 0406.20.79,
0406.20.83, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.48, 0406.30.53,
0406.30.63, 0406.30.75, 0406.30.79, 0406.30.83,
0406.40.70, 0406.90.18, 0406.90.32, 0406.90.37,
0406.90.42, 0406.90.68, 0406.90.74, 0406.90.88 or
0406.90.92 subject to the quantitative limits specified in
U.S. note 16 to this subchapter............................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.28, 0406.20.33,
0406.20.67, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.67, 0406.90.12 or
0406.90.78 subject to the quantitative limits specified in
U.S. note 17 to this subchapter............................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.38, 0406.20.39,
0406.20.71, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.71, 0406.90.54 or
0406.90.84 subject to the quantitative limits specified in
U.S. note 18 to this subchapter............................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.48 subject to
the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 19 to this
subchapter..............................................................................

9822.05.01

1/

Textile or apparel goods described in U.S. note 20 to this
subchapter and entered pursuant to its provisions...................

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (AU)

Free (P)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-XXII-30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9822.05.10

1/

Textile and apparel goods of chapters 61 through 63 described
in U.S. note 22 to this subchapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.......................................................................................

1/

A duty upon the
full value of the
imported article
less the value of
fabrics,
components or
materials of the
United States
(see U.S. note
22 of this
subchapter)

Free (P)

Free (P)

Free (P+)

1/

1/

Free (P+)

Free (P)

9822.05.11

1/

Apparel goods of chapter 62 for which the treatment provided
in U.S. note 21 to this subchapter is appropriate:

If entered into the customs territory of the United States in
aggregate quantities not to exceed the quantitative limit
specified in U.S. note 21(b) to this subchapter

9822.05.13

1/

Goods specified in U.S. note 21(c) to this subchapter......

1/

Goods described in U.S. note 23 to this subchapter:

Of Costa Rica:

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.12.10,
1701.13.10, 1701.14.10,1701.91.10, 1701.99.10,
1702.90.10 or 2106.90.44 subject to the quantitative
limits specified in U.S. note 24 to this subchapter.......

1/

Of a party to the Agreement as defined in general note
29(a) to the tariff schedule:

9822.05.15

1/

9822.05.20

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.12.50,
1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.91.48,
1701.91.58, 1701.99.50, 1702.20.28, 1702.30.28,
1702.40.28, 1702.60.28, 1702.90.20, 1702.90.58,
1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1704.90.78, 1806.10.15,
1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55, 1806.10.75,
1806.20.73, 1806.20.77, 1806.20.94, 1806.20.98,
1806.90.39, 1806.90.49, 1806.90.59, 1901.20.25,
1901.20.35, 1901.20.60, 1901.20.70, 1901.90.68,
1901.90.71, 2101.12.38, 2101.12.48, 2101.12.58,
2101.20.38, 2101.20.48, 2101.20.58, 2103.90.78,
2106.90.46, 2106.90.72, 2106.90.76, 2106.90.80,
2106.90.91, 2106.90.94, 2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20,
subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
25 to this subchapter......................................................

9822.05.25

1/

Goods described in U.S. note 26 to this subchapter of a party
to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) to the tariff
schedule.........................................................................................

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XXII-31

2

Goods of a party to the Agreement as defined in general note
29(a) to the tariff schedule that do not qualify for the tariff
treatment provided for in such general note 29, the foregoing
goods cut or knit to shape, and sewn or otherwise assembled,
in the territory of a party, provided that such goods meet the
conditions for an originating good set forth in chapter rules 1
(subject to the limitation in the second sentence of chapter rule
2), 3, 4 and 5 for chapter 62, as set forth in general note 29(n)
to the tariff schedule:

9822.05.30

1/

Goods classifiable in subheading 6202.20.11....................

1/

9822.05.35

1/

Goods classifiable in subheading 6203.31.90....................

1/

9822.05.40

1/

Goods classifiable in subheading 6203.33.10....................

1/

9822.05.45

1/

Goods classifiable in subheading 6203.41.18....................

1/

9822.05.50

1/

Goods classifiable in subheading 6203.42.40 or
6204.62.40..............................................................................

1/

9822.05.55

1/

Goods classifiable in subheading 6203.43.30....................

1/

9822.05.60

1/

Goods classifiable in subheading 6203.12.20 (for goods
for boys only)..........................................................................

1/

9822.05.65

1/

Goods classifiable in subheading 6203.43.40....................

1/

9822.05.70

1/

Goods classifiable in subheading 6204.63.35....................

1/

The duty rate
provided in
such
subheading
minus 0.5%

The duty rate
provided in
such
subheading
minus 0.5%

The duty rate
provided in
such
subheading
minus 0.5%

The duty rate
provided in
such
subheading
minus 0.5%

The duty rate
provided in
such
subheading
minus 0.5%

The duty rate
provided in
such
subheading
minus 0.5%

The duty rate
provided in
such
subheading
minus 2.0%

The duty rate
provided in
such
subheading
minus 2.0%

The duty rate
provided in
such
subheading
minus 2.0%

9822.06.05

1/

Eligible apparel articles of chapter 62 assembled in the
Dominican Republic and imported directly therefrom, under
the terms of U.S. note 27 to this subchapter.............................

1/

Free

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-XXII-32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9822.06.10

1/

9822.06.15

1/

Goods of Peru, under the terms of general note 32 to the tariff
schedule, subject to the provisions of U.S. note 28 to this
subchapter, provided for in subheading 1701.12.50,
1701.13.50, 1701.14.50,1701.91.30, 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58,
1701.99.50, 1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28, 1702.60.28,
1702.90.20, 1702.90.58, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1704.90.78,
1806.10.15, 1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55, 1806.10.75,
1806.20.73, 1806.20.77, 1806.20.94, 1806.20.98, 1806.90.39,
1806.90.49, 1806.90.59, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35, 1901.20.60,
1901.20.70, 1901.90.68, 1901.90.71, 2101.12.38, 2101.12.48,
2101.12.58, 2101.20.38, 2101.20.48, 2101.20.58, 2103.90.78,
2106.90.46, 2106.90.72, 2106.90.76, 2106.90.80, 2106.90.91,
2106.90.94, 2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20, if entered in an
aggregate quantity in any year not to exceed the quantity
specified in U.S. note 28(c) to this subchapter..........................

Specialty sugars, the foregoing which are goods of Peru, under
the terms of general note 32 to the tariff schedule, if entered
in an aggregate quantity not to exceed 2,000 t in any year,
provided for in subheading 1701.12.10, 1701.13.10,
1701.14.10, 1701.91.10, 1701.99.10, 1702.90.10 or
2106.90.44.....................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

9822.06.20

1/

Textile or apparel goods of Peru described in U.S. note 29 to
this subchapter and entered pursuant to its provisions............

9822.06.25

1/

Textile or apparel goods of Peru described in U.S. note 30 to
this subchapter and entered pursuant to its provisions............

Goods of Korea, under the terms of U.S. note 31 to this
subchapter and subject to the quantitative limitation set forth
in such note:

9822.07.10

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2402.20.10..................

1/

9822.07.15

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2402.20.80..................

1/

9822.07.25

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2402.20.90..................

1/

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

The duty rate
provided for
originating goods of
Korea in such
subheading

The duty rate
provided for
originating goods of
Korea in such
subheading

The duty rate
provided for
originating goods of
Korea in such
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XXII-33

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9822.08.01

1/

Goods of Colombia described in U.S. note 32 to this
subchapter, as defined in general note 34 to the tariff schedule
and provided for in subheadings 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50,
1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58, 1701.99.50,
1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28, 1702.60.28, 1702.90.20,
1702.90.58, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1704.90.78, 1806.10.15,
1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55, 1806.10.75, 1806.20.73,
1806.20.77, 1806.20.94, 1806.20.98, 1806.90.39, 1806.90.49,
1806.90.59, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35, 1901.20.60, 1901.20.70,
1901.90.68, 1901.90.71, 2101.12.38, 2101.12.48, 2101.12.58,
2101.20.38, 2101.20.48, 2101.20.58, 2103.90.78, 2106.90.46,
2106.90.72, 2106.90.76, 2106.90.80, 2106.90.91, 2106.90.94
or 2106.90.97, subject to the quantitative limits specified in
U.S. note 32 to this subchapter...................................................

9822.08.25

1/

Textile or apparel goods of Colombia described in U.S. note
33 to this subchapter and entered pursuant to its provisions...

9822.08.35

1/

Textile or apparel goods of Colombia described in U.S. note
34 to this subchapter and entered pursuant to its provisions
. .......................................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
98-XXII-34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9822.09.17

1/

9822.09.18

1/

9822.09.20

1/

9822.09.22

1/

Goods of Panama, under the terms of general note 35 to the
tariff schedule:

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50,
1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58,
1701.99.50, 1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28,
1702.60.28, 1702.90.20, 1702.90.58, 1702.90.68,
1704.90.68, 1704.90.78, 1806.10.15, 1806.10.28,
1806.10.38, 1806.10.55, 1806.10.75, 1806.20.73,
1806.20.77, 1806.20.94, 1806.20.98, 1806.90.39,
1806.90.49, 1806.90.59, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35,
1901.20.60, 1901.20.70, 1901.90.68, 1901.90.71,
2101.12.38, 2101.12.48, 2101.12.58, 2101.20.38,
2101.20.48, 2101.20.58, 2103.90.78, 2106.90.46,
2106.90.72, 2106.90.76, 2106.90.80, 2106.90.91,
2106.90.94, 2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20, subject to the
quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 35 to this
subchapter..............................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.13.50 or
1701.14.50, subject to the quantitative limits specified in
U.S. note 36 to this subchapter............................................

Specialty sugars as provided for in additional U.S. note 5
to chapter 17, subject to the quantitative limits specified
in U.S. note 38 to this subchapter........................................

Goods provided for in subheadings 2207.10.60 or
2207.20.00:

Undenatured ethyl alcohol and other spirits of an
alcoholic strength by volume of 80 percent vol. or
higher, if such ethyl alcohol is to be used as a fuel or
is suitable for use in producing a mixture of gasoline
and alcohol, a mixture of a special fuel and alcohol or
any other mixture to be used as a fuel..........................

1/

1/

1/

1/

9822.09.24

1/

Ethyl alcohol and other spirits, denatured of any
strength if such ethyl alcohol is to be used as a fuel or
is suitable for use in producing a mixture of gasoline
and alcohol, a mixture of a special fuel and alcohol or
any other mixture to be used as a fuel..........................

1/

9822.09.26

1/

Other goods of subheadings 2207.10.60 or
2207.20.00.......................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 98 statistical note 1.

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

The rate provided for

beneficiary
countries in
heading
9901.00.50 (PA)

The rate provided for

beneficiary
countries in
heading
9901.00.50 (PA)

Free (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
98-XXII-35

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9822.09.61

1/

Textile and apparel goods of chapters 61 through 63 described
in U.S. note 39 to this subchapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.......................................................................................

1/

9822.09.62

1/

Textile and apparel goods of chapters 61 through 63 described
in U.S. note 40 to this subchapter and entered pursuant to its
provisions.......................................................................................

9822.09.63

1/

Apparel goods described in U.S. note 41 to this subchapter
and entered pursuant to its provisions.......................................

9822.09.65

1/

Goods described in U.S. note 42 to this subchapter and entered
pursuant to its provisions.............................................................

9822.09.70

1/

Textile or apparel goods of Panama described in U.S. note 43
to this subchapter and entered pursuant to its provisions.......

1/

1/

1/

1/

A duty upon the full
value of the import-
ed article less the
value of fabrics,
components or
materials of the
United States (see
U.S. note 39 to this
subchapter)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XXIII

PROVISIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO THE UNITED STATES-MEXICO-CANADA AGREEMENT

This subchapter contains modifications of the provisions of the tariff schedule established pursuant to the provisions of the United
States-Mexico-Canada Agreement. Goods entered under this subchapter and described in the provisions of this subchapter for which
a rate of duty followed by a symbol in parentheses is herein provided, are subject to duty at the rate provided in this subchapter in
lieu of the rate therefore in chapters 1 through 97. Any use of the term "Year 1" shall mean the time period July 1, 2020 and December
31, 2020, inclusive, and the term "EIF" shall mean July 1, 2020.

U.S. Notes

1.

Fluid cream, sour cream, ice cream, and milk beverages.--This note and subheadings 9823.01.01 through 9823.01.07, inclusive,
apply to originating goods of the USMCA countries eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the
tariff schedule, and provided for in subheadings 0401.40.25, 0401.50.25, 0403.90.16, 2105.00.20, or 2202.99.28. From July 1,
2020, in 2021 and in successive years thereafter, the rate of duty provided for in subheadings 9823.01.01 through 9823.01.07
in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the symbol "(S+)" shall apply to originating goods of such
countries in lieu of the duty rate set forth in the special column in the permanent subheadings enumerated above.

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good is
marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.01.01.

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good

is marked, shall be entered under 9823.01.02 through 9823.01.07.

(1) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.01.02 in any period or calendar

year enumerated below shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that time period:

Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6

875,000
3,500,000
5,250,000
7,000,000
8,750,000
10,500,000

Year

Year 7
Year 8
Year 9
Year 10
Year 11
Year 12

Quantity
(Liters)
10,605,000
10,711,050
10,818,161
10,926,342
11,035,606
11,145,962

Year 13
Year 14
Year 15
Year 16
Year 17
Year 18

11,257,421
11,369,995
11,483,695
11,598,532
11,714,518
11,831.663

Beginning in year 19 and each year following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in this
note shall be 11,949,979 liters.

(2)

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.01.02 has exceeded the quantity
specified in subdivision (b)(1) of this note for such year, originating goods of Canada shall be entered under subheadings
9823.01.03 through 9823.01.07.

2. Skim milk powder.--This note and subheadings 9823.02.01 through 9823.02.04 are effective as to originating goods of the

USMCA countries effective eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule classified
in the permanent subheadings of 0402.10.50 or 0402.21.25. During the period July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, inclusive,
in 2021 and in successive years thereafter, the rate of duty provided for in subheadings 9823.02.01 through 9823.02.04 in the
"Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the symbol "(S+)" shall apply to goods of such countries in lieu of the
duty rate set forth in the special subcolumn in the permanent subheadings enumerated above.

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good is
marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.02.01.

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard as to whether the
good is marked shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheadings 9823.02.02 through 9823.02.04.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-2

1.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.02.02 in any period or calendar
year enumerated below shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that period:

Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6

625
2,500
3,750
5,000
6,250
7,500

Year

Year 7
Year 8
Year 9
Year 10
Year 11
Year 12

Quantity
(MT)
7,575
7,650.75
7,727.258
7,804.53
7,882.575
7,961.401

Year 13
Year 14
Year 15
Year 16
Year 17
Year 18

8,041.015
8,121.425
8,202.64
8,284.666
8,367.513
8,451.188

Beginning in year 19 and each year following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in this note
shall be 8,535.7 metric tons.

2.

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.02.02 has exceeded the quantity
specified in subdivision (b)(1) of this note for such period or year, originating goods of Canada shall be entered under
subheadings 9823.02.03 through 9823.02.04.

3. Butter, cream and cream powder.--This note and subheadings 9823.03.01 through 9823.03.11 are effective as to originating

goods of the USMCA countries eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule
classified in the permanent subheadings of 0401.50.75, 0402.21.90, 0403.90.65, 0403.90.78, 0405.10.20, 0405.20.30, 0405.20.70,
0405.90.20, 2106.90.26 or 2106.90. 36. From July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, in 2021 and in successive years thereafter,
the rate of duty provided for in subheadings 9823.03.01 through 9823.03.11 in the "Special" column of rates of duty column 1
followed by the symbol "(S+)" shall apply to goods of such countries in lieu of the duty rate set forth in the special subcolumn in
the permanent subheadings enumerated above.

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good is
marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.03.01.

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard as to whether the

good is marked, shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheadings 9823.03.02 through 9823.03.11.

(1) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.03.02 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified below for that time period:

Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6

750
1,500
2,250
3,000
3,750
4,500

Year

Year 7
Year 8
Year 9
Year 10
Year 11
Year 12

Quantity
(Metric Tons)
4,545
4,590.45
4,636.355
4,682.718
4,729.545
4,776.841

Year 13
Year 14
Year 15
Year 16
Year 17
Year 18

4,824.609
4,872.855
4,921.584
4,970.8
5,020.508
5,070.713

Beginning in year 19 and each year following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in this note
shall be 5,121.42 metric tons.

(2)

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.03.02 has exceeded the quantity
specified in subdivision (b)(1) of this note for such period or year, originating goods of Canada shall be entered under
subheadings 9823.03.03 through 9823.03.11.

4. Cheese.--This note and subheadings 9823.04.01 through 9823.04.54 are effective as to originating goods of the USMCA countries
eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule provided for in permanent subheadings
0406.10.08, 0406.10.18, 0406.10.28, 0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58, 0406.10.68, 0406.10.78, 0406.10.88, 0406.20.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.39, 0406.20.48, 0406.20.53, 0406.20.63, 0406.20.67, 0403.20.71, 0406.20.75, 0406.20.79, 0406.20.83,
0406.20.87, 0406.20.91, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.48, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67, 0406.30.71,
0406.30.75, 0406.30.79, 0406.30.83, 0406.30.87, 0406.30.91, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12, 0406.90.18, 0406.90.32, 0406.90.37,
0406.90.42, 0406.90.48, 0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90.74, 0406.90.78, 0406.90.84, 0406.90.88, 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94,
0406.90.97 or 1901.90.36. From July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, in 2021 and in successive years thereafter, the rates
of duty provided for in subheadings 9823.04.01 through 9823.04.55 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed
by the symbol "(S+)" shall apply to goods of such countries in lieu of the duty rates set forth in the special subcolumn in the
permanent subheadings enumerated above.

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good is
marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.04.01.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-3

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good

is marked shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheadings 9823.04.02 through 9823.04.54.

1.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.04.02 in any calendar year shall
not exceed the quantity specified below for that year:

Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6

1,041.5
4,176
6,250
8,333
10,416
12,500

Year

Year 7
Year 8
Year 9
Year 10
Year 11
Year 12

Quantity
(Metric Tons)
12,625
12,751.25
12,878.76
13,007.55
13,137.63
13,269

Year 13
Year 14
Year 15
Year 16
Year 17
Year 18

13,401.69
13,535.71
13,671.07
13,807.78
13,945.85
14,085.31

Beginning in year 19 and each year following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in this note
shall be 14,226.17 metric tons.

2.

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.04.02 has exceeded the quantity
specified in subdivision (b)(1) of this note for such year, originating goods of Canada shall be entered under subheadings
9823.04.03 through 9823.04.54.

5. Whole milk powder.--This note and subheadings 9823.05.01 through 9823.05.04 are effective as to originating goods of the

USMCA countries eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule classified in the
permanent subheadings of 0402.21.50, 0402.29.50, 2309.90.28 or 2309.90.48. From July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020,
in 2021 and in successive years thereafter, the rates of duty provided for in subheadings 9823.05.01 through 9823.05.06 in the
"Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the symbol "(S+)" shall apply to goods of such countries in lieu of the
duty rates set forth in the special subcolumn in the permanent subheadings enumerated above.

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good is
marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.05.01.

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good

is marked shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheadings 9823.05.02 through 9823.05.06.

(1) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.05.02 in any calendar year shall

not exceed the quantity specified below for that time period:

Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6

57.5
230
345
460
575
690

Year

Year 7
Year 8
Year 9
Year 10
Year 11
Year 12

Quantity
(Metric Tons)
696.9
703.869
710.9077
718.0168
725.1969
732.4489

Year 13
Year 14
Year 15
Year 16
Year 17
Year 18

739.7734
747.1711
754.6428
762.1893
769.8112
777.5093

Beginning in year 19 and each year following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in this note
shall be 785.2844 metric tons.

(2)

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.05.02 has exceeded the quantity
specified in subdivision 2(B)(1) for such year, originating goods of Canada shall be entered under subheadings 9823.05.03
through 9823.05.06.

6. Dried yogurt, sour cream, whey and products of milk constituency.--This note and subheadings 9823.06.01 through 9823.06.09
are effective as to originating goods of the countries eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the
tariff schedule classified in the permanent subheadings of 0403.20.50, 0403.90.45, 0403.90.55, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15,
0404.10.90 or 0404.90.50. From July 1, 2020, in 2021 and in successive years thereafter, the rates of duty provided for in
subheadings 9823.06.01 through 9823.06.09 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the symbol "(S+)"
shall apply to goods of such countries in lieu of the duty rates set forth in the special subcolumn in the permanent subheadings
enumerated above.

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good is
marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.06.01.

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good

is marked shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheadings 9823.06.02 through 9823.06.09.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-4

(1) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.06.02 in any period or calendar

year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year:

Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6

919
3,677
5,515
7,353
9,192
11,030

Year

Year 7
Year 8
Year 9
Year 10
Year 11
Year 12

Quantity
(MT)
11,140.3
11,251.7
11,364.22
11,477.86
11,592.64
11,708.57

Year 13
Year 14
Year 15
Year 16
Year 17
Year 18

11,825.65
11,943.91
12,063.35
12,183.98
12,305.82
12,428.88

Beginning in year 19 and each year following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in this note
shall be 12,553.17 metric tons.

(2)

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.06.02 has exceeded the quantity
specified in subdivision (b)(1) for such year, originating goods of Canada shall be entered under subheadings 9823.06.03
through 9823.06.09.

7. Concentrated Milk.--This note and subheadings 9823.07.01 through 9823.07.07 are effective as to originating goods of the

USMCA countries eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule classified in
the permanent subheadings of 0402.91.70, 0402.91.90, 0402.99.45, 0402.99.55, or 0402.99.90. From July 1, 2020, in 2021
and in successive years thereafter, the rates of duty provided for in subheadings 9823.07.01 through 9823.07.07 in the
"Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the symbol "(S+)" shall apply to goods of such countries in lieu
of the duty rates set forth in the special subcolumn in the permanent subheadings enumerated above.

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good
is marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.07.01.

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the
good is marked shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheadings 9823.07.02 through 9823.07.07.

(1) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.07.02 in any period or

calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year:

Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6

115
460
690
920
1,150
1,380

Year

Year 7
Year 8
Year 9
Year 10
Year 11
Year 12

Quantity
(MT)
1,393.8
1,407.738
1,421.815
1,436.034
1,450.394
1,464.898

Year 13
Year 14
Year 15
Year 16
Year 17
Year 18

1,479.547
1,494.342
1,509.286
1,524.379
1,539.622
1,555.019

Beginning in year 19 and each year following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in
this note shall be 1,570.569 metric tons.

(2)

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.07.02 has exceeded the
quantity specified in note 7(b)(1) for such year, originating goods of Canada shall be entered under subheadings
9823.07.03 through 9823.07.07.

8. Other dairy products.--This note and subheadings 9823.08.01 through 9823.08.38 are effective as to originating goods of
the USMCA countries eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule classified
in the permanent subheadings of 1704.90.58, 1806.20.26, 1806.20.28, 1806.20.36, 1806.20.38, 1806.20.82, 1806.20.83,
1806.20.87, 1806.20.89, 1806.32.06, 1806.32.08, 1806.32.16, 1806.32.18, 1806.32.70, 1806.32.80, 1806.90.08, 1806.90.10,
1806.90.18, 1806.90.20, 1806.90.28, 1806.90.30, 1901.10.16, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.36, 1901.10.44, 1901.10.56, 1901.10.66,
1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62, 1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66 or 2106.90.87. From July 1, 2020,
in 2021 and in successive years thereafter, the rates of duty provided for in subheadings 9823.08.01 through 9823.08.38 in
the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the symbol "(S+)" shall apply to goods of such countries in
lieu of the duty rates set forth in the special subcolumn in the permanent subheadings enumerated above.

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good
is marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.08.01.

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the
good is marked shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheadings 9823.08.02 through 9823.08.38.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-5

(1) The aggregate of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.08.02 from July 1, 2020 through

December 31, 2020, in 2021, and any period or calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that
time period:

Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6

158.5
633
950
1,267
1,583
1,900

Year

Year 7
Year 8
Year 9
Year 10
Year 11
Year 12

Quantity
(MT)
1,919
1,938.19
1,957.572
1,977.148
1,996.919
2,016.888

Year 13
Year 14
Year 15
Year 16
Year 17
Year 18

2,037.057
2,057.428
2,078.002
2,098.782
2119.77
2,140.968

Beginning in year 19 and each year following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in
this note shall be 2,162.377 metric tons.

(2)

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.08.02 has exceeded the
quantity specified in subdivision (b)(1) of this note for such year, originating goods of Canada shall be entered under
subheadings 9823.08.03 through 9823.08.38.

9. Sugar. --This note and subheadings 9823.09.01 through 9823.09.09 are effective as to originating goods of the USMCA

countries eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11, except as provided in subparagraph (b)(3)
to the tariff schedule classified in the permanent subheadings of 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50, 1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50
or 1702.90.20. From July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, in 2021 and in successive years thereafter, the rates of duty
provided for in subheadings 9823.09.01 through 9823.09.09 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed
by the symbol "(S+)" shall apply to goods of such countries in lieu of the duty rates set forth in the special subcolumn in the
permanent subheadings enumerated above.

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good
is marked and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.09.01.

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the
good is marked shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheadings 9823.09.02 through 9823.09.09.

(1) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.09.02 from July 1, 2020
through December 31, 2020 shall not exceed the quantity of 4,800 metric tons. Beginning in 2021 and each year
following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in this note shall be 9,600 metric tons.
Only originating goods of Canada that are wholly obtained from sugar beets produced in Canada may enter under
subheading 9823.09.02.

(2)

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.09.02 has exceeded the
quantity specified in note 9(B)(1) for such year or if the originating good of Canada is not wholly obtained from sugar
beets produced in Canada, such originating goods of Canada shall be entered under subheadings 9823.09.03
through 9823.09.08.

(3) An additional quantity of goods of Canada shall be allowed entry under subheading 9823.09.09 in any calendar

year in which the United States Secretary of Agriculture makes a determination to permit importation into the United
States at in-quota tariff rates of additional quantities of refined sugar, other than specialty sugar, above the quantities
made available at those rates pursuant to its commitments under the WTO Agreement and other trade agreements.
The Office of the United States Trade Representative shall publish in the Federal Register a determination of this
additional quantity for that year. Goods may not be entered under subheading 9823.09.09 in any calendar year
before the date indicated in such Federal Register Notice. Goods entered under subheading 9823.09.09 may be
made from nonoriginating raw sugar but shall meet other applicable conditions for preferential tariff treatment under
general note 11 to this tariff schedule.

10. Sugar containing products.-- This note and subheadings 9823.10.01 through 9823.10.45 are effective as to originating goods
of the USMCA countries eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule provided
for in subheadings 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58, 1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1701.40.28, 1702.60.28, 1702.90.58, 1702.90.68,
1704.90.68, 1704.90.78, 1806.10.15, 1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55, 1806.10.75, 1806.20.73, 1806.20.77, 1806.20.94,
1806.20.98, 1806.90.39, 1806.90.49, 1806.90.59, 1901.10.76, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35, 1901.20.60, 1901.20.70, 1901.90.68,
1901.90.71, 2101.12.38, 2101.12.48, 2101.12.58, 2101.20.38, 2101.20.48, 2101.20.58, 2103.90.78, 2106.90.46, 2106.90.72,
2106.90.76, 2106.90.80, 2106.90.91, 2106.90.94, 2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20, except as provided in subparagraph (b)(3).
From July 1, 2020, through December 31, 2020, in 2021 and in successive years thereafter, the rates of duty provided for
in subheadings 9823.10.01 through 9823.10.45 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 followed by the symbol
"(S+)" shall apply to goods of such countries in lieu of the duty rates set forth in the special subcolumn in the permanent
subheadings enumerated above.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-6

(a) Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good
is marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9823.10.01.

(b) Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the
good is marked shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheadings 9823.10.02 through 9823.10.45.

(1) The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.10.02 from July 1, 2020
through December 31, 2020 shall not exceed the quantity of 4,800 metric tons. Beginning in 2021 and each year
following, the quantitative limitations to originating goods of Canada set forth in this note shall be 9,600 metric tons.
In any year for which the U.S. Trade Representative has published in the Federal Register a determination that
export certificates shall be required, entry under subheading 9823.10.02 shall be eligible if the U.S. importer makes
a declaration to U.S. Customs and Border Protection (Customs), in the form and manner determined by Customs,
that a valid export certificate issued by the Government of Canada is in effect for such goods.

(2)

If the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Canada entered under subheading 9823.10.02 has exceeded the
quantity specified in note 10(B)(1) for such year or if other limitations set forth in note 10(B)(1) are not met, such
originating goods of Canada shall be entered under subheadings 9823.10.03 through 9823.10.45.

(3) For purposes of entry under subheading 9823.10.02, subject to the quantitative limitations set forth in subparagraph

(1), this paragraph, goods that are provided for in 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58, 1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28,
1702.60.28, 1702.90.58, 1702.90.68, 1806.10.15, 1806.10.28, and 1806.10.38 may be made from sugar refined in
Canada. For purposes of this subparagraph, sugar refined in Canada means a change to a good of subheading
1701.91 or 1701.99 from any other subheading.

(4) Originating goods that last underwent production in Canada shall be eligible for entry under subheading 9823.10.02

regardless of whether they qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law.

11. This note and subheadings 9823.52.01 through 9823.53.06, inclusive, apply to certain textile and apparel goods of Mexico
and Canada that are not originating goods under the terms of general note 11 to the tariff schedule, however, that are eligible
for special tariff treatment as provided for herein. From July1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, in 2021 and in successive
years thereafter, the rate of duty provided for in subheadings 9823.52.01 through 9823.53.06 in the "Special" subcolumn of
rates of duty 1 followed by the symbol "(S+)" shall apply to certain textile and apparel goods of Mexico and Canada as
defined by this note in lieu of the duty rate set forth in the general subcolumn in the permanent subheadings enumerated
below. The merchandise processing fee shall not apply to goods properly entered under this note and subheadings.

For purposes of this note, the term "SME" means square meter equivalent as determined in accordance with the conversion
factors set out in Annex 6-B of Chapter 6 of the USMCA.

For purposes of this note, the term "average yarn number" as applied to woven fabric of cotton or manmade fibers shall have
the meaning provided in Annex 6-A of Chapter 6 of the USMCA.

For purposes of this note, wool apparel shall have the meaning provided in Annex 6-A of Chapter 6 of the USMCA.

(a) The rate of duty in the rates of duty 1-special subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol "S+" in parentheses

in subheadings 9823.52.01 through 9823.52.08 shall apply to specified goods imported from Canada as described
in a provision of this subdivision and this subchapter and that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant
to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good is marked.

(i) Subheading 9823.52.01 through 9823.52.03 shall apply to apparel goods provided for in chapters 61 and 62
and textile or apparel goods, other than of wadding, of heading 96.19 that are both cut (or knit to shape) and
sewn or otherwise assembled in Canada from fabric or yarn produced or obtained outside the territory of any
one of the USMCA countries, when such apparel goods meet other applicable conditions for preferential tariff
treatment under general note 11 to the tariff schedule.

(A) Subheading 9823.52.01 and the rate of duty in the rates of duty 1-special subcolumn of column 1 followed
by the symbol "S+" in parentheses shall apply to apparel of cotton or man-made fiber when entered in an
aggregate quantity not to exceed 40,000,000 SME during the period from July 1, 2020 through December
31, 2020, inclusive, and in each calendar year thereafter.

(B) Subheading 9823.52.02 and the rate of duty in the rates of duty 1-special subcolumn of column 1 followed
by the symbol "S+" shall apply to apparel of wool when entered in an aggregate quantity not to exceed
4,000,000 SME during the period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, inclusive, and in each
calendar year thereafter.

(l) Subheading 9823.52.03 and the rate of duty in the "special" subcolumn of column 1 followed by the

symbol "S+" in parentheses shall apply to men's or boys' wool suits of U.S. category 443 in an aggregate
quantity not to exceed 3,800,000 SME during the period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020,
inclusive, and in each calendar year thereafter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-7

(ii) Subheadings 9823.52.04 and the rate of duty in the rates of duty 1-special subcolumn of column 1 followed by

the symbol "S+" in parentheses shall apply to fabrics of cotton or of man-made fibers and to made-up textile
goods of cotton or of man-made fibers, the foregoing of chapters 52 through 55 (excluding goods containing
36% or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair), 58, 60 and 63 of the tariff schedule and provided for in
subparagraph (A) to this subsection, when entered under such subheading in an aggregate quantity up to
71,765,252 SME for the period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, inclusive, and in each calendar
year thereafter.

(A) 9823.52.05 and the rate of duty in the rates of duty 1-special subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol

"S+" shall apply to goods of chapters 52 through 55 (excluding goods containing 36% or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair), 58, or 63 (other than subheading 6302.10, 6302.40, 6303.12, 6303.19, 6304.11
or 6304.91) of the tariff schedule entered either in an aggregate quantity not to exceed 38,642,828 SME
during the period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, inclusive, and in each calendar year
thereafter.

(B) 9823.52.06 and the rate of duty in the rates of duty 1-special subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol

"S+" shall apply to goods of chapter 60 or of subheadings 6302.10, 6302.40, 6303.12, 6303.19, 6304.11
or 6304.91 of the tariff schedule entered in an aggregate quantity not to exceed 38,642,828 SME during
the period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, inclusive, and in each calendar year thereafter.

(C) For subheadings 9823.52.04, 9823.52.05 and 9823.52.06 such cotton or man-made fiber fabrics and cotton
or man-made fiber made-up textile goods must be woven or knitted or crocheted in the territory of Canada
from yarns produced or obtained outside the territory of any of the USMCA countries, or yarns produced
in the territory of one of the USMCA countries from fibers produced or obtained outside the territory of one
of the USMCA countries, or knitted or crocheted in the territory of Canada from yarns spun in the territory
of one of the USMCA countries from fibers produced or obtained outside the territory of one of the USMCA
countries, and to goods of subheading 9404.90 that are finished and are cut and sewn or otherwise
assembled from fabrics of subheadings 5208.11 through 5208.29, 5209.11 through 5209.29, 5210.11
through 5210.29, 5211.11 through 5211.20, 5212.11, 5212.12, 5212.21, 5212.22, 5407.41, 5407.51, 5407.71,
5407.81, 5407.91, 5408.21, 5408.31, 5512.11, 5512.21, 5512.91, 5513.11 through 5513.19, 5514.11 through
5514.19, 5516.11, 5516.21, 5516.31, 5516.41 or 5516.91 produced or obtained outside the territory of one
of the USMCA countries and that meet other applicable conditions for preferential tariff treatment under
general note 11 to this tariff schedule.

(D) For the calculation of the SME aggregate quantity limitation applicable to subheading 9823.52.04, 9823.52.05

and 9823.52.06, the following additional provisions apply:

(l)

(ll)

for textile goods that are not originating because certain nonoriginating textile materials do not undergo
the applicable change in tariff classification set out in general note 11 for that good, but where such
nonoriginating materials are 50 percent or less by weight of the materials of that good, only 50 percent
of the SME shall apply for that good and

for textiles that are not originating because certain nonoriginating textile materials do not undergo the
applicable change in tariff classification set out in general note 11 for that good, but where such materials
are more than 50 percent by weight of materials of that good, 100 percent of the SME shall apply for
that good.

(iii) Subheadings 9823.52.07 and 9823.52.08 and the rates of duty in the rates of duty 1-special subcolumn of

column 1 followed by the symbol "S+" shall apply to cotton or man-made fiber yarns of headings 5205 through
5207 or 5509 through 5511 that are spun in territory of Canada from fiber of heading 5201 through 5203 or
5501 through 5507 produced or obtained outside the territory of one of the USMCA countries or to goods of
heading 5605 that are formed in Canada from fibers obtained outside the territories of one of the USMCA
countries entered in an aggregate quantity not to exceed 6,000,000 kg during the period from July 1, 2020
through December 31, 2020, inclusive, and in each calendar year thereafter, when such goods meet other
applicable conditions for preferential tariff treatment under this Agreement.

(A) Subheading 9823.52.07 and the rate of duty in the rates of duty1-special subcolumn of column 1 followed
by the symbol "S+" shall apply to yarns classified in heading 5509 or 5511 predominantly of acrylic by weight
when entered in an aggregate annual quantity of 3,000,000 kg of the overall quantity of 6,000,000 kg during
the period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, inclusive, and in each calendar year thereafter.

(B) Subheading 9823.52.08 and the rate of duty in the rates of duty1-special subcolumn of column 1 followed
by the symbol "S+" shall apply to yarns of 5205 through 5207, 5509 through 5511 or 5605 of the tariff
schedule, other than yarns classified in headings 5509 or 5511 predominantly of acrylic by weight when
entered in an aggregate annual quantity of 3,000,000 kg of the overall quantity of 6,000,000 kg during the
period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, inclusive, and in each calendar year thereafter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-8

(b) The rate of duty in the "special" subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol "S+" in parentheses in subheadings
9823.53.01 through 9823.53.06 shall apply to goods of Mexico described in a provision of this subdivision and this
subchapter and that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the
good is marked.

(i) Subheadings 9823.53.01 through 9823.53.02 shall apply to apparel goods provided for in chapters 61 and 62

and textile or apparel goods, other than of wadding, of heading 96.19 that are both cut (or knit to shape) and
sewn or otherwise assembled in Mexico from fabric or yarn produced or obtained outside the territory of one of
the USMCA countries and that meet other applicable conditions for preferential tariff treatment under general
note 11 to this tariff schedule except as provided for in subparagraph (A).

(A) (I)

blue denim provided for in subheading 5209.42 or 5211.42, U.S. statistical reporting number
5212.24.6020, 5514.30.3210 or 5514.30.3910;

(II)

fabric woven as plain weave where two or more warp ends are woven as one (oxford cloth) of average
yarn number less than 135 metric number provided for in subheading 5208.19, 5208.29, 5208.39,
5208.49, 5208.59, 5210.19, 5210.29, 5210.39, 5210.49, 5210.59, 5512.11, 5512.19, 5513.13, 5513.23,
5513.39 or 5513.49;

(III) apparel goods provided for in subheading 6107.11.00, 6107.12.00, 6109.10.00 or 6109.90.10, if

composed chiefly of circular knit fabric having yarn number equal to or less than 100 metric number;

(IV) apparel goods provided for in subheading 6108.21 or 6108.22 if composed chiefly of circular knit fabric

having yarn number equal to or less than 100 metric number; or

(IV) apparel goods provided for in subheading 6108.21 or 6108.22 if composed chiefly of circular knit fabric

having yarn number equal to or less than 100 metric number; or

(V) apparel goods described in statistical reporting numbers 6110.30.1010, 6110.30.1020, 6110.30.1510,

6110.30.1520, 6110.30.2010, 6110.30.2020, 6110.30.3010, 6110.30.3015, 6110.30.2020 or
6110.30.3025 or apparel goods of those provisions reported as parts of ensembles under statistical
reporting numbers 6103.23.0030, 6103.23.0070, 6104.23.0022 or 6104.23.0040.

(B) Subheading 9823.53.01 and the rate of duty in the "special" subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol

"S+" shall apply to apparel of cotton or man-made fiber up to the aggregate quantity of 45,000,000 SME
for the period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 and in each calendar year thereafter.

(C) Subheading 9823.53.02 and the rate of duty in the "special" subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol
"S+" shall apply to wool apparel up to he aggregate annual quantity of 1,500,000 SME for the period from
July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 and in each calendar year thereafter.

(ii) Subheading 9823.53.03 and the rate of duty in the "special" subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol
"S+" shall apply to cotton or man-made fiber fabric and cotton or man-made fiber made-up textile goods of
chapters 52 through 55 (excluding goods containing 36% or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair), 58, 60
and 63 of the tariff schedule up to 22,800,000 SME for the period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020
and in each calendar year thereafter.

(A) Subheading 9823.53.04 and the rate of duty in the "special" subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol

"S+" shall apply to goods of chapters 52 through 55 (excluding goods containing 36% or more by weight
of wool or fine animal hair) 58 or 63 (other than subheading 6302.10, 6302.40, 6303.12, 6303.19, 6304.11
or 6304.91) of the tariff schedule in the annual aggregate quantity not to exceed 4,800,000 SME for the
period from July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, inclusive, and in each calendar year thereafter.

(B) 9823.53.05 and the rates of duty in the "special" subcolumn of column 1 followed by the symbol "S+" shall
apply to goods of chapter 60 or of subheadings 6302.10, 6302.40, 8303.12, 6303.19, 6304.11 or 6304.91
of the tariff schedule entered in an aggregate quantity not to exceed 18,000,000 SME for the period from
July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, inclusive, and in each calendar year thereafter.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-9

(C) Subheadings 9823.53.03 through 9823.53.05 shall apply to such cotton or man-made fiber fabric and cotton
or man-made fiber made-up textile goods provided for in chapters 52 through 55 (excluding goods containing
36% or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair), 58, 60 and 63 are woven or knit in Mexico from yarn
produced or obtained outside the territory of one of the USMCA countries or yarn produced in the territory
of one of the USMCA countries from fiber produced or obtained outside the territory of one of the USMCA
countries, or knit in the territory of Mexico from yarn spun in the territory of one of the USMCA countries
from fiber produced or obtained outside the territory of one of the USMCA countries, and to goods of
subheading 9404.90 that are finished and cut and sewn or otherwise assembled from fabrics of subheadings
5208.11 through 5208.29, 5209.11 through 5209.29, 5211.11 through 5211.20, 5212.11, 5212.12, 5212.21,
5212.22, 5407.41, 5407.51, 5407.71, 5407.81, 5407.91, 5408.21, 5408.31, 5512.11, 5512.21, 5512.91,
5513.11 through 5513.19, 5514.11 through 5514.19, 5516.11, 5516.21, 5516.31, 5516.41 or 5516.91
produced or obtained outside the territory of one of the USMCA countries and that meet the other applicable
conditions for preferential tariff treatment under general note 11 to the tariff schedule.

(iii) Subheadings 9823.53.06 and the rate of duty in the "special" column of column 1 followed by the symbol "S+"
shall apply to cotton or man-made fiber yarns of heading 52.05 through 52.07 or 55.09 through 55.11 that are
spun in territory of Mexico from fiber of heading 5201 through 5203 or 5501 through 5507 produced or obtained
outside the territory of one of the USMCA countries up to 700,000 kg for the period from July 1, 2020 through
December 31, 2020 and in each calendar year thereafter and that meet other applicable conditions for preferential
tariff treatment under this Agreement.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule:

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.40.25, 0401.50.25,
0403.90.16, 2105.00.20 or 2209.99.28:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 1(a) to this subchapter

Goods of Canada provided for in note 1(b)to this
subchapter:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 1(b)(1) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 1(b)(2) to this
subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.40.25

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.50.25

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.16

Goods provided for in subheading 2105.00.20

9823.01.01

9823.01.02

9823.01.03

9823.01.04

9823.01.05

9823.01.06

9823.01.07

Goods provided in subheading 2202.99.28

9823.02.01

9823.02.02

9823.02.03

9823.02.04

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.10.50 or
0402.21.25

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 2(a) to this subchapter

Goods of Canada provided for in note 2(b) to this
subchapter:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 2(b)(1) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 2(b)(2) to this
subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.10.50

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.21.25

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

77.2¢/liter (S+)

77.2¢/liter (S+)

77.2¢/liter (S+)

50.2¢/liter + 17%

(S+)

23.5¢/liter + 14.9%

(S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

86.5¢/liter (S+)

86.5¢/liter (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXIII
98-XXIII-11

2

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0401.50.70, 0402.21.90,
0403.90.65, 0403.90.78, 0405.10.20, 0405.20.30,
0405.20.70, 0405.90.20, 2106.9026 or 2106.90.36:
Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 3(a) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 3(b) to this subchapter:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in
U.S. note 3(b)(1) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 3(b)(2) to this
subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.50.75

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.21.90

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.65

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.78

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.10.20

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.30

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.70

9823.03.01

9823.03.02

9823.03.03

9823.03.04

9823.03.05

9823.03.06

9823.03.07

9823.03.08

9823.03.09

9823.03.10

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.90.20

9823.03.11

9823.03.12

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.26

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.36

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

$1.646/kg (S+)

$1.556/kg (S+)

$1.556/kg (S+)

$1.646/kg (S+)

$1.541/kg (S+)

$1.996/kg (S+)

70.4¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

$1.865/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

$1.996/kg (S+)

$1.996/kg (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08, 0406.10,18,
0406.10.28, 0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58,
0406.10.68, 0406.10.78, 0406.10.88, 0406.20.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.39, 0406.20. 48, 0406.20.53,
0406.20.63, 0406.20.67, 0406.20. 71, 0406.20.75,
0406.20.79, 0406.20.83, 0406.20.87, 0406.20.91,
0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30,38, 0406.30.48,
0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67, 0406.30.71,
0406.30.75, 0406.30.79, 0406.30.83, 0406.30.87,
0406.30.91, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12, 0406.90.18,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42, 0406.90.48,
0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90. 74, 0406.90. 78,
0406.90. 84, 0406.90.88. 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94,
0406.90.97 or 0406.90.36:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 4(a) to this subchapter

Goods of Canada provided for in note 4(b) to this
subchapter:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 4(b)(1) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 4(b)(2) to this
subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.28

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.38

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.48

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.58

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.68

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.78

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.88

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.28

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.33

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.39

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.48

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.53

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.63

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.67

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.71

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.75

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.79

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.83

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.87

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.20.91

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.18

9823.04.01

9823.04.02

9823.04.03

9823.04.04

9823.04.05

9823.04.06

9823.04.07

9823.04.08

9823.04.09

9823.04.10

9823.04.11

9823.04.12

9823.04.13

9823.04.14

9823.04.15

9823.04.16

9823.04.17

9823.04.18

9823.04.19

9823.04.20

9823.04.21

9823.04.22

9823.04.23

9823.04.24

9823.04.25

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

$1.509/kg (S+)

$2.269/kg (S+)

$1.227/kg (S+)

$1.055/kg (S+)

$1.803/kg (S+)

$2.146/kg (S+)

$1.386/kg (S+)

$1.128/kg (S+)

$1.509/kg (S+)

$2.269/kg (S+)

$1.227/kg (S+)

$1.055/kg (S+)

$1.803/kg (S+)

$2.146/kg (S+)

$2.269/kg (S+)

$1.227/kg (S+)

$1.055/kg (S+)

$1.803/kg (S+)

$2.146/kg (S+)

$1.386/kg (S+)

$1.128/kg (S+)

$1.509/kg (S+)

$2.269/kg (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXIII
98-XXIII-13

2

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08, 0406.10,18,
0406.10.28, 0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58,
0406.10.68, 0406.10.78, 0406.10.88, 0406.20.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.39, 0406.20. 48, 0406.20.53,
0406.20.63, 0406.20.67, 0406.20. 71, 0406.20.75,
0406.20.79, 0406.20.83, 0406.20.87, 0406.20.91,
0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30,38, 0406.30.48,
0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67, 0406.30.71,
0406.30.75, 0406.30.79, 0406.30.83, 0406.30.87,
0406.30.91, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12, 0406.90.18,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42, 0406.90.48,
0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90. 74, 0406.90. 78,
0406.90. 84, 0406.90.88. 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94,
0406.90.97 or 0406.90.36: (con.)

Goods of Canada provided for in note 4(b) to this
subchapter: (con.)

Goods provided for in note 4(b)(2) to this
subchapter: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30,28

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.38

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.48

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.53

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.63

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.67

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.71

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.75

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.79

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.83

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.87

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.30.91

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.40.70

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.12

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.18

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.32

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.37

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.42

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.48

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.54

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.68

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.74

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.78

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.84

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.88

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.92

9823.04.26

9823.04.27

9823.04.28

9823.04.29

9823.04.30

9823.04.31

9823.04.32

9823.04.33

9823.04.34

9823.04.35

9823.04.36

9823.04.37

9823.04.38

9823.04.39

9823.04.40

9823.04.41

9823.04.42

9823.04.43

9823.04.44

9823.04.45

9823.04.46

9823.04.47

9823.04.48

9823.04.49

9823.04.50

9823.04.51

$1.227/kg (S+)

$1.055/kg (S+)

$1.803/kg (S+)

$1.386/kg (S+)

$2.269/kg (S+)

$1.227/kg (S+)

$1.055/kg (S+)

$1.803/kg (S+)

$2.146/kg (S+)

$1.386/kg (S+)

$1.128/kg (S+)

$1.509/kg (S+)

$2.269/kg (S+)

$1.227/kg (S+)

$1.803/kg (S+)

$2.146/kg (S+)

$2.146/kg (S+)

$2.146/kg (S+)

$1.877/kg (S+)

$1.055/kg (S+)

$2.146/kg (S+)

$2.269/kg (S+)

$1.227/kg (S+)

$1.055/kg (S+)

$1.803/kg (S+)

$1.386/kg (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08, 0406.10,18,
0406.10.28, 0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58,
0406.10.68, 0406.10.78, 0406.10.88, 0406.20.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.39, 0406.20. 48, 0406.20.53,
0406.20.63, 0406.20.67, 0406.20. 71, 0406.20.75,
0406.20.79, 0406.20.83, 0406.20.87, 0406.20.91,
0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30,38, 0406.30.48,
0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67, 0406.30.71,
0406.30.75, 0406.30.79, 0406.30.83, 0406.30.87,
0406.30.91, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12, 0406.90.18,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42, 0406.90.48,
0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90. 74, 0406.90. 78,
0406.90. 84, 0406.90.88. 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94,
0406.90.97 or 0406.90.36: (con.)

Goods of Canada provided for in note 4(b) to this
subchapter: (con.)

Goods provided for in note 4(b)(2) to this
subchapter: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.94

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.97

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.90.36
Goods provided for in subheading 0402.21.50, 0402.29.50,
2309.90.28 or 2309.90.48:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 5(a) to this subchapter

Goods of Canada provided for in note 5(b) to this
subchapter:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 5(b)(1) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 5(b)(2) to this
subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.21.50

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50

9823.04.52

9823.04.53

9823.04.54

9823.05.01

9823.05.02

9823.05.03

9823.05.04

9823.05.05

Goods provided for in subheading 2309.90.28

9823.05.06

Goods provided for in subheading 2309.90.48

$1.128/kg (S+)

$1.509/kg (S+)

$1.128/kg (S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

$1.092/kg (S+)

$1.104/kg + 14.9%

(S+)

80.4¢/kg + 6.4%

(S+)

80.4¢/kg +6.4% (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXIII
98-XXIII-15

2

9823.06.01

9823.06.02

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0403.20.50, 0403.90.45,
0403.90.55, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.10.90 or
0404.90.50:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 6(a) to this subchapter

Goods of Canada provided for in note 6(b) to this
subchapter:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 6(b)(1) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 6(b)(2) to this
subchapter:

9823.06.03

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.20.50

9823.06.04

9823.06.05

9823.06.06

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.45

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.55

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.95

9823.06.07

Goods provided for in subheading 0404.10.15

9823.06.08

9823.06.09

9823.07.01

9823.07.02

9823.07.03

9823.07.04

9823.07.05

9823.07.06

9823.07.07

Goods provided for in subheading 0404.10.90

Goods provided for in subheading 0404.90.50

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70,
0402.91.90, 0402.99.45, 0402.99.55 or 0402.99.90:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 7(a) to this subchapter
Goods of Canada provided for in note 7(b) to this
subchapter:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 7(b) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 7(b)(2) to this
subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.90

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.45

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.55

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.90

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

$1.035/kg + 17%

(S+)

87.6¢/kg (S+)

$1.092/kg (S+)

$1.034/kg + 17%

(S+)

37.6¢/kg + 3.1%

(S+)

31.9¢/kg (S+)

$1.189/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

31.3¢/kg (S+)

31.3¢/kg (S+)

49.6¢/kg (S+)

49.6¢/kg (S+)

46.3¢/kg + 14.9%

(S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 1704.90.58, 1806.20.26,
1806.20.28, 1806.20.36, 1806.20.38, 1806.20.82,
1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.20.87, 1806.20.89,
1806.32.06, 1806.32.08, 1806.32.16, 1806.32.18,
1806.32.70, 1806.32.80, 1806.90.08, 1806.90.10,
1806.90.18, 1806.90.20, 1806.90.28, 1806.90.30,
1901.10.16, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.36, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50,
1901.90.62, 1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09,
2106.90.66 or 2106.90.87:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 8(a) to this subchapter

Goods of Canada provided for in note 8(b) to this
subchapter:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 8(b)(1) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 8(b)(2) to this
subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 1704.90.58

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.26

9823.08.01

9823.08.02

9823.08.04

9823.08.05

9823.08.06

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.28

9823.08.07

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.36

9823.08.08

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.38

9823.08.09

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.82

9823.08.10

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.83

9823.08.11

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.87

9823.08.12

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.89

9823.08.13

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.06

9823.08.14

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.08

9823.08.15

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.16

9823.08.16

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.18

9823.08.17

9823.08.18

9823.08.19

9823.08.20

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.70

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.80

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.90.08

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.90.10

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

40¢/kg + 10.4% (S+)

37.2¢/kg + 4.3%

(S+)

52.8¢/kg + 4.3%

(S+)

37.2¢/kg + 4.3%

(S+)

52.8¢/kg + 4.3%

(S+)

37.2¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

52.8¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

37.2¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

52.8¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

37.2¢/kg + 4.3%

(S+)

52.8¢/kg + 4.3%

(S+)

37.2¢/kg + 4.3%

(S+)

52.8¢/kg + 4.3%

(S+)

37.2¢/kg + 6% (S+)

52.8¢/kg + 6% (S+)

37.2¢/kg + 6% (S+)

52.8¢/kg + 6% (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXIII
98-XXIII-17

2

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 1704.90.58, 1806.20.26,
1806.20.28, 1806.20.36, 1806.20.38, 1806.20.82,
1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.20.87, 1806.20.89,
1806.32.06, 1806.32.08, 1806.32.16, 1806.32.18,
1806.32.70, 1806.32.80, 1806.90.08, 1806.90.10,
1806.90.18, 1806.90.20, 1806.90.28, 1806.90.30,
1901.10.16, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.36, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50,
1901.90.62, 1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09,
2106.90.66 or 2106.90.87: (con.)

Goods of Canada provided for in note 8(b) to this
subchapter: (con.)

Goods provided for in note 8(b)(2) to this
subchapter: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.90.18

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.90.20

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.90.28

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.90.30

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.16

9823.08.21

9823.08.22

9823.08.23

9823.08.24

9823.08.25

9823.08.26

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.26

9823.08.27

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.36

9823.08.28

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.44

9823.08.29

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.56

9823.08.30

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.66

9823.08.31

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.15

9823.08.32

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.50

9823.08.33

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.90.62

9823.08.34

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.90.65

9823.08.35

9823.08.36

9823.08.37

Goods provided for in subheading 2105.00.40

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.09

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.66

9823.08.38

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.87

37.2¢/kg + 6% (S+)

52.8¢/kg + 6% (S+)

37.2¢/kg + 6% (S+)

52.8¢/kg + 6% (S+)

$1.035/kg + 14.9%

(S+)

$1.035/kg + 14.9%

(S+)

$1.035/kg + 14.9%

(S+)

$1.035/kg + 14.9%

(S+)

$1.035/kg + 13.6%

(S+)

$1.035/kg + 13.6%

(S+)

42.3¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

42.3¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

$1.035/kg + 13.6%

(S+)

$1.035/kg + 13.6%

(S+)

50.2¢/kg + 17% (S+)

86.2¢/kg (S+)

70.4¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

28.8¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 1701.12.50, 1701.13.50,
1701.14.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50 or 1702.90.20:

9823.09.01

Goods provided for in note 9(a) to this subchapter

9823.09.02

9823.09.03

9823.09.04

9823.09.05

9823.09.06

9823.09.07

9823.09.08
9823.09.09

Goods provided for in note 9(b) to this subchapter:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 9(b)(1) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 9(b)(2) to this
subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.12.50

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.13.50

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.14.50

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.91.30

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.99.50

Goods provided for in subheading 1702.90.20
Goods provided for in note 9(b)(3) and subject to
the quantitative limitations as determined by the
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58,
1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28, 1702.60.28,
1702.90.58, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1704.90.78,
1806.10.15, 1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55,
1806.10.75, 1806.20.73, 1806.20.77, 1806.20.94,
1806.20.98, 1806.90.39, 1806.90.49, 1806.90.59,
1901.10.76, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35, 1901.20.60,
1901.20.70, 1901.90.68, 1901.90.71, 2101.12.38,
2101.12.48, 2101.12.58, 2101.20.38, 2101.20.48,
2101.20.58, 2103.90.78, 2106.90.46, 2106.90.72,
2106.90.76, 2106.90.80,2106.90.91, 2106.90.94,
2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20:

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

35.74¢/kg (S+)

33.87¢/kg (S+)

33.87¢/kg (S+)

35.74¢/kg (S+)

35.74¢/kg (S+)

35.74¢/kg (S+)

Free (S+)

9823.10.01

Goods provided for in note 10(a) to this subchapter

Free (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXIII
98-XXIII-19

2

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58,
1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28, 1702.60.28,
1702.90.58, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1704.90.78,
1806.10.15, 1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55,
1806.10.75, 1806.20.73, 1806.20.77, 1806.20.94,
1806.20.98, 1806.90.39, 1806.90.49, 1806.90.59,
1901.10.76, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35, 1901.20.60,
1901.20.70, 1901.90.68, 1901.90.71, 2101.12.38,
2101.12.48, 2101.12.58, 2101.20.38, 2101.20.48,
2101.20.58, 2103.90.78, 2106.90.46, 2106.90.72,
2106.90.76, 2106.90.80,2106.90.91, 2106.90.94,
2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20: (con.)

Goods provided for in note 10(b) to this subchapter:
Subject to the quantitative limits specified in note
10(b)(1) to this subchapter

Goods provided for in note 10(b)(2) to this
subchapter :

9823.10.02

9823.10.03

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.91.48

9823.10.04

Goods provided for in subheading 1701.91.58

9823.10.05

Goods provided for in subheading 1702.20.28

9823.10.06

Goods provided for in subheading 1702.30.28

9823.10.07

Goods provided for in subheading 1702.40.28

9823.10.08

Goods provided for in subheading 1702.60.28

9823.10.09

Goods provided for in subheading 1702.90.58

9823.10.10

Goods provided for in subheading 1702.90.68

9823.10.11

9823.10.12

9823.10.13

9823.10.14

9823.10.15

9823.10.16

9823.10.17

9823.10.18

Goods provided for in subheading 1704.90.68

Goods provided for in subheading 1704.90.78
or 3006.93.20

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.10.15

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.10.28

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.10.38

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.10.55

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.10.75

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.73

9823.10.19

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.77

Free (S+)

33.9¢/kg + 5.1%

(S+)

33.9¢/kg + 5.1%

(S+)

16.9¢/kg of total

sugars + 5.1% (S+)

16.9¢/kg of total

sugars + 5.1% (S+)

33.9¢/kg of total

sugars + 5.1% (S+)

33.9¢/kg of total

sugars + 5.1% (S+)

33.9¢/kg of total

sugars + 5.1% (S+)

33.9¢/kg + 5.1%

(S+)

40¢/kg + 10.4% (S+)

40¢/kg + 10.4% (S+)

21.7¢/kg (S+)

33.6¢/kg (S+)

33.6¢/kg (S+)

33.6¢/kg (S+)

33.6¢/kg (S+)

30.5¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

30.5¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXIII
98-XXIII-20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58,
1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28, 1702.60.28,
1702.90.58, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1704.90.78,
1806.10.15, 1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55,
1806.10.75, 1806.20.73, 1806.20.77, 1806.20.94,
1806.20.98, 1806.90.39, 1806.90.49, 1806.90.59,
1901.10.76, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35, 1901.20.60,
1901.20.70, 1901.90.68, 1901.90.71, 2101.12.38,
2101.12.48, 2101.12.58, 2101.20.38, 2101.20.48,
2101.20.58, 2103.90.78, 2106.90.46, 2106.90.72,
2106.90.76, 2106.90.80,2106.90.91, 2106.90.94,
2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20: (con.)

Goods provided for in note 10(b) to this subchapter:
(con.)

Goods provided for in note 10(b)(2) to this
subchapter : (con.)

9823.10.20

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.94

9823.10.21

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.98

9823.10.22

9823.10.23

9823.10.24

9823.10.25

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.90.39

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.90.49

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.90.59

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.76

9823.10.26

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.25

9823.10.27

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.35

9823.10.28

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.60

9823.10.29

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.70

9823.10.30

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.90.68

9823.10.31

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.90.71

9823.10.32

Goods provided for in subheading 2101.12.38

9823.10.33

Goods provided for in subheading 2101.12.48

9823.10.34

Goods provided for in subheading 2101.12.58

9823.10.35

Goods provided for in subheading 2101.20.38

9823.10.36

Goods provided for in subheading 2101.20.48

37.2¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

37.2¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

37.2¢/kg + 6% (S+)

37.2¢/kg + 6% (S+)

37.2¢/kg + 6% (S+)

23.7¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

42.3¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

42.3¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

42.3¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

42.3¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

23.7¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

23.7¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

30.5¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

30.5¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

30.5¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

30.5¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

30.5¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXIII
98-XXIII-21

2

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement under general note 11 to the tariff schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 1701.91.48, 1701.91.58,
1702.20.28, 1702.30.28, 1702.40.28, 1702.60.28,
1702.90.58, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1704.90.78,
1806.10.15, 1806.10.28, 1806.10.38, 1806.10.55,
1806.10.75, 1806.20.73, 1806.20.77, 1806.20.94,
1806.20.98, 1806.90.39, 1806.90.49, 1806.90.59,
1901.10.76, 1901.20.25, 1901.20.35, 1901.20.60,
1901.20.70, 1901.90.68, 1901.90.71, 2101.12.38,
2101.12.48, 2101.12.58, 2101.20.38, 2101.20.48,
2101.20.58, 2103.90.78, 2106.90.46, 2106.90.72,
2106.90.76, 2106.90.80,2106.90.91, 2106.90.94,
2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20: (con.)

Goods provided for in note 10(b) to this subchapter:
(con.)

Goods provided for in note 10(b)(2) to this
subchapter : (con.)

9823.10.37

Goods provided for in subheading 2101.20.58

9823.10.38

Goods provided for in subheading 2103.90.78

9823.10.39

9823.10.40

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.46

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.72

9823.10.41

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.76

9823.10.42

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.80

9823.10.43

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.91

9823.10.44

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.94

9823.10.45

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.97

30.5¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

30.5¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

35.74¢/kg (S+)

70.4¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

70.4¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

70.4¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

28.8¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

28.8¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

28.8¢/kg + 8.5%

(S+)

XXIII
98-XXIII-22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9823.52.01

9823.52.02

9823.52.03

9823.52.04

9823.52.05

9823.52.06

9823.52.07

9823.52.08

9823.53.01

9823.53.02
9823.53.03

9823.53.04

9823.53.05
9823.53.06

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement, as provided in note 11 to this subchapter:

Goods imported from Canada, as provided in note 11(a):

Apparel goods as provided in note 11(a)(I):

Cotton or man-made fiber apparel as provided in
note 11(a)(I)(A) to this subchapter

Wool apparel as provided in note 11(a)(i)(B) to this
subchapter

Men's or boy's wool suits of category 443 as
provided in note 11(a)(i)(B)(I)

Cotton or man-made fiber fabrics and made up goods
as provided in note 11(a)(ii):

Goods provided for in note 11(a)(ii)(A)

Goods provided for in note 11(a)(ii)(B)

Non-originating cotton or man-made fiber spun yard
goods as provided for in note 11(a)((iii):

Goods as provided for in note 11(a)(iii)(A)

Goods as provided for in note 11(a)(iii)(B)

Goods of Mexico as provided for in note 11(b):

Apparel goods as provided for in note 11(b)(i):

Cotton or man-made fiber apparel as provided for
in note 11(b)(I)(B)

Wool apparel as provided for in note 11(b)(I)(C)

Cotton or man-made fiber fabrics and made-up goods
as provided for in note 11(b)(ii):

Goods provided for in note 11(b)(ii)(A)

Goods provided for in note 11(b)(ii)(B)

Non-originating cotton or man-made fiber spun yarn
goods as provided for in note 11(b)(iii)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)
Free (S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)
Free (S+)

Free (S+)

Free (S+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHAPTER 99

TEMPORARY LEGISLATION; TEMPORARY MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED
PURSUANT TO TRADE LEGISLATION; ADDITIONAL IMPORT RESTRICTIONS
ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO SECTION 22 OF THE AGRICULTURAL
ADJUSTMENT ACT, AS AMENDED

U.S. Notes

1.

The provisions of this chapter relate to legislation and to executive and administrative actions pursuant to duly constituted
authority, under which:

a.

b.

One or more of the provisions in chapters 1 through 98 are temporarily amended or modified; or.

Additional duties or other import restrictions are imposed by, or pursuant to, collateral legislation.

2.

Unless the context requires otherwise, the general notes and rules of interpretation, the section notes, and the notes in chapters
1 through 98 apply to the provisions of this chapter.

XXII
99-1

Statistical Notes

1.

For statistical reporting of merchandise provided for herein:

a.

Unless more specific instructions appear in the subchapters of this chapter, report the 8-digit heading or subheading
number (or 10-digit statistical reporting number, if any) found in this chapter in addition to the 10-digit statistical reporting
number appearing in chapters 1 through 97 which would be applicable but for the provisions of this chapter; and

b.

The quantities reported should be in the units provided in chapters 1 through 97.

2.

For those headings and subheadings herein for which no rate of duty appears (i.e., those headings and subheadings for which
an absolute quota is prescribed), report the 8-digit heading or subheading number herein followed by the appropriate 10-digit
statistical reporting number from chapters 1 through 97. The quantities reported should be in the units provided in chapters 1
through 97.

NOTICE TO EXPORTERS

The statistical reporting numbers contained in this chapter apply only
to imports and may not be reported on Shipper's Export Declarations.
See Notice to Exporters preceding chapter 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER I

TEMPORARY LEGISLATION PROVIDING FOR ADDITIONAL DUTIES

XXII
99-I-1

U.S. Notes

[COMPILER'S NOTE: Because the effective period of headings 9901.00.50 and 9901.00.52 has expired, the U.S. notes and
their provisions, including the tariff-rate quota noted above, are not being administered. See also the compiler's note to these
headings.]

1.

2.

The duties provided for in this subchapter are cumulative duties which apply in addition to the duties, if any, otherwise imposed
on the articles involved. The duties provided for in this subchapter apply only with respect to articles entered during the period
specified in the last column.

For purposes of heading 9901.00.50, the phrase "is suitable for any such uses" does not include ethyl alcohol (provided for
in subheadings 2207.10.60 and 2207.20) that is certified by the importer of record to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of
Customs (hereinafter in this note referred to as the "Commissioner") to be ethyl alcohol or a mixture containing such ethyl
alcohol imported for uses other than liquid motor fuel use or use in producing liquid motor fuel related mixtures. If the importer
of record certifies nonliquid motor fuel use for purposes of establishing actual use or suitability under heading 9901.00.50, the
Commissioner shall not liquidate the entry of ethyl alcohol until he is satisfied that the ethyl alcohol has in fact not been used
for liquid motor fuel use or use in producing liquid motor fuel related mixtures. If he is not satisfied within a reasonable period
of time not less than 18 months from the date of entry, then the duties provided for in heading 9901.00.50 shall be payable
retroactive to the date of entry. Such duties shall also become payable, retroactive to the date of entry, immediately upon the
diversion to liquid motor fuel use of any ethyl alcohol or ethyl alcohol mixture certified upon entry as having been imported for
nonliquid motor fuel use.

3.

For purposes of heading 9901.00.50, and the symbol "E" in parentheses following the column 1 special rate of duty "See U.S.
note 3 to this subchapter" for such heading, duty-free treatment shall be accorded to ethyl alcohol or a mixture thereof when
entered from an insular possession or beneficiary country to the extent provided for in this note.

(a)

(b)

Ethyl alcohol or a mixture thereof that is produced by a process of full fermentation in an insular possession of the United
States or beneficiary country enumerated in subdivision (d)(iv) of this note shall be treated as being an indigenous product
of that possession or country and shall be eligible for duty-free treatment.

Ethyl alcohol and mixtures thereof that are only dehydrated (hereinafter in this note referred to as "dehydrated alcohol
and mixtures") within such an insular possession or beneficiary country shall be eligible for duty-free treatment as indigenous
products of that possession or beneficiary country only if the alcohol or mixture, when entered, meets the applicable local
feedstock requirement set forth in subdivision (c) of this note. The aggregate quantity of dehydrated alcohol and mixtures
entered from all insular possessions and beneficiary countries that shall be eligible for duty-free treatment is restricted to
the aggregate quantities set forth in subdivisions (c) and (d) of this note for dehydrated alcohol and mixtures meeting the
applicable local feedstock requirements.

(c)

The local feedstock requirement with respect to any calendar year is--

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

zero percent with respect to the base quantity of dehydrated alcohol and mixtures that is entered;

30 percent with respect to the metric equivalent of 35,000,000 gallons of dehydrated alcohol and mixtures next entered
after the base quantity, and

50 percent with respect to all dehydrated alcohol and mixtures entered after the amount in subdivision (c)(ii) of this
note.

(d)

For the purposes of this note:

(i)

The term "base quantity" means, with respect to dehydrated alcohol and mixtures entered during any calendar year,
the greater of--

(A)

the metric equivalent of 60,000,000 gallons; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - I - 2
U.S. Notes (con.)

(B)

an amount (expressed in gallons) equal to 7 percent of the United States domestic market for ethyl alcohol, as
determined by the United States International Trade Commission, during the 12-month period ending on the
preceding September 30 minus the sum of the quantities of dehydrated alcohol and mixtures allocated to El
Salvador and to Costa Rica under (d)(v) and (d)(vi), respectively, of this note;

that is first entered during that calendar year.

(ii)

(iii)

The term "local feedstock" means hydrous ethyl alcohol which is wholly produced or manufactured in any insular
possession or beneficiary country.

The term "local feedstock requirement" means the minimum percent, by volume, of local feedstock that must be
included in dehydrated alcohol and mixtures.

(iv)

The term "beneficiary country" means one of the following countries:

Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador

Grenada
Guatemala
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Montserrat
Netherlands Antilles

Nicaragua
Panama
St. Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Trinidad and Tobago
Virgin Islands, British

(v)

The aggregate quantity allocated to El Salvador of the base quantity set forth in subdivision (d)(I) of this note in any
calendar year shall not exceed the lesser of the metric equivalent of the quantity specified below for each such year
or 10 percent of the base quantity of dehydrated alcohol and mixtures established in subdivision (d)(I) of this note for
that year.

Year

2006
2007
2008
2009
2010

Quantity
(Gallons)

6,604,322
7,925,186
9,246,051
10,566,915
11,887,779

Year

2011
2012
2013
2014
2015

Quantity
(Gallons)

13,208,644
14,529,508
15,850,372
17,171,237
18,492,101

Year

2016
2017
2018
2019
2020

Quantity
(Gallons)

19,812,966
21,133,830
22,454,694
23,775,559
25,096,423

After year 2020, the quantity available to El Salvador shall increase by the lesser of the metric equivalent of 1,320,864
gallons each year or the difference between the previous year's quantity and 10 percent of the base quantity of dehydrated
alcohol and mixtures established in subdivision (d)(I) of this note for that year.

(vi)

The aggregate quantity allocated to Costa Rica of the base quantity set forth in subdivision (d)(I) of this note in any
calendar year shall not exceed the metric equivalent of 31,000,000 gallons.

(e)

For purposes of headings 9901.00.50 and 9901.00.52, originating goods of Peru, under the terms of general note 32 to
the tariff schedule, and originating goods of Colombia, under the terms of general note 34 to the tariff schedule, shall not
be subject to any duty provided for in such headings, provided that-

(i)

(ii)

the goods are imported directly from Peru or Colombia into the customs territory of theUnited States, and

the sum of the cost or value of the materials produced in the territory of Peru or of Colombia plus the direct costs of
processing operations performed in the territory of Peru is not less than 35 percent of the appraised value of such
goods at the time they are entered.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9901.00.50

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Ethyl alcohol (provided for in subheadings 2207.10.60 and
2207.20) or any mixture containing such ethyl alcohol (provided
for in heading 2710 or 3824) if such ethyl alcohol or mixture is
to be used as a fuel or in producing a mixture of gasoline and
alcohol, a mixture of a special fuel and alcohol, or any other
mixture to be used as fuel (including motor fuel provided for in
subheading 2710.12.15, 2710.19.16, 2710.19.24 or
2710.20.15), or is suitable for any such uses............................

1/

14.27¢/
liter2/

14.27¢/
liter2/

No change

(A)

Free (CA,
IL, MX)
See U.S.
note 3 to
this sub-
chapter
(E)

See U.S.

note 3(e)
(CO, PE)

XXII
99 - I - 3

Effective
Period

Before
1/1/2012,
except that
the rate for
articles
described in
this heading
shall not
apply during
any period
before
10/1/2000
during which
the Highway
Trust Fund
financing rate
under section
4081(a)(2) of
the Internal
Revenue
Code of 1986
is not in
effect

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ See subchapter I, U.S. note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - I - 4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9901.00.52

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Ethyl tertiary-butyl ether (provided for in subheading
2909.19.18) and any mixture containing ethyl tertiary-butyl
ether...............................................................................................

1/

5.99¢/ liter2/

5.99¢/ liter2/

No change

(A, E)
Free (CA,
IL, MX)
See U.S.

note 3(e)
(CO, PE)

Before the
earlier of
1/1/2012, or
the date on
which Treas.
Reg. §1.40-1
is withdrawn
or declared
invalid,
except that
the rate for
articles
described in
this heading
shall not
apply during
any period
before
10/1/2000
during which
the Highway
Trust Fund
financing rate
under section
4081(a)(2) of
the Internal
Revenue
Code of 1986
is not in
effect

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ See subchapter I, U.S. note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER II

TEMPORARY REDUCTIONS IN RATES OF DUTY

U.S. Notes

Compiler's Note: The provisions of this subchapter have expired. As of the issue date of this edition, Congress had not acted on
tariff suspension or reduction provisions recommended by the Commission in 2020.

XXII
99-II-1

XXII
99 - II - 2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.01.01

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Frozen, boiled glutinous corn (other than sweet corn), not
reduced in size (provided for in subheading 0710.80.70)........

1/

Free

No change

No change

9902.01.02

1/

Mustard seed oil and its fractions, other than crude, not
denatured, not chemically modified (provided for in subheading
1514.99.90)...................................................................................

9902.01.03

1/

Cocoa powder, not containing added sugar or other sweetening
matter (provided for in subheading 1805.00.00).......................

9902.01.04

1/

Artichokes, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid
(provided for in subheading 2001.90.25)...................................

9902.01.05

1/

Pepperoncini, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid
and presented in glass jars (provided for in subheading
2001.90.38) ..................................................................................

9902.01.06

1/

Pepperoncini, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid
and presented in containers other than glass jars (provided
for in subheading 2001.90.38) ...................................................

9902.01.07

1/

Olives, green in color, stuffed with minced pimiento, the
foregoing in brine and presented in glass containers, other
than place packed (provided for in subheading 2005.70.25)
........................................................................................................

9902.01.08

1/

Pimientos, prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar
or acetic acid, not frozen (provided for in subheading
2005.99.50) ..................................................................................

9902.01.09

1/

Pepperoncini, prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar
or acetic acid, not frozen (provided for in subheading
2005.99.55)...................................................................................

9902.01.10

1/

Artichokes, prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar
or acetic acid, not frozen (provided for in subheading
2005.99.80) ..................................................................................

9902.01.11

1/

Strawberries, brined and then oven-dried or tunnel-dried, the
foregoing infused with sugar (provided for in subheading
2008.80.00)...................................................................................

9902.01.12

1/

Edible powder containing conjugated linoleic acid (CAS Nos.
2540-56-9 and 2420-56-6) containing over 10 percent by
weight of milk solids (provided for in subheading
2106.90.82)...................................................................................

9902.01.13

1/

Gum containing nicotine and containing synthetic sweetening
agents (e.g., saccharin) instead of sugar (provided for in
subheading 2106.90.98) .............................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

7.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

12.7%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

5.8%

No change

No change

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 3

Effective
Period

Coconut water juice blends, not from concentrate, packaged
for retail sale (provided for in subheading 2009.90.40)............

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.01.14

1/

9902.01.15

1/

Coconut water, not from concentrate, not containing added
sugar or other sweetening matter, packaged for retail sale in
paper-based cartons (provided for in subheading
2009.89.70)...................................................................................

9902.01.16

1/

Coconut water not from concentrate, flavored, packaged for
retail sale (provided for in subheading 2009.89.70).................

9902.01.17

1/

Coconut water, not from concentrate, not containing added
sugar or other sweetening, certified by the importer as from
conventionally grown (non-organic) coconuts, packaged for
retail sale in 500 milliliter polyethylene terephthalate bottles
(provided for in subheading 2009.89.70)...................................

9902.01.18

1/

Light oil fractions containing more than 50 percent by weight
of isododecane (CAS No. 93685-81-5) (provided for in
subheading 2710.12.90)..............................................................

9902.01.19

1/

Medium oil fractions containing more than 50 percent by weight
of isohexadecane (CAS No. 93685-80-4) (provided for in
subheading 2710.19.90)..............................................................

9902.01.20

1/

Sodium, containing more than 200 ppm of calcium (CAS No.
7440-23-5) (provided for in subheading 2805.11.00) .............

9902.01.21

1/

Sodium, containing not more than 200 ppm of calcium (CAS
No. 7440-23-5) (provided for in subheading 2805.11.00) ......

9902.01.22

1/

Nitrosylsulfuric acid (CAS. No. 7782-78-7) (provided for in
subheading 2811.19.61)..............................................................

9902.01.23

1/

Hypophosphorous acid 50% (phosphinic acid) (CAS No.
6303-21-5) (provided for in subheading 2811.19.61)..............

9902.01.24

1/

Sulfamic acid (CAS No. 5329-14-6) (provided for in subheading
2811.19.61)...................................................................................

9902.01.25

1/

Dihydrogen hexafluorozirconate(2-) (Hexafluorozirconic acid)
(CAS No. 12021-95-3) (provided for in subheading
2811.19.61)...................................................................................

9902.01.26

1/

Dioxosilane (Silicon dioxide amorphous) (CAS No. 7631-86-9)
entirely spherical micro-spheres of mean particle size of 0.005
mm or smaller, uniform particle size with a uniformity coefficient
of 1.65 or less, trace metal impurities less than 70 ppm, specific
electrical resistance of 50,000 Ohm cm (provided for in
subheading 2811.22.10)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.5%

No change

No change

0.7%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.01.27

1/

9902.01.28

1/

Dioxosilane (Silicon dioxide amorphous) (CAS No. 7631-86-9)
entirely spherical micro-spheres of mean particle size of
between 0.007 and 0.020 mm, uniform particle size with a
uniformity coefficient of 1.65 or less, trace metal impurities less
than 70 ppm, specific electrical resistance of 50,000 Ohm cm
(provided for in subheading 2811.22.10)...................................

Dioxosilane (Silicon dioxide amorphous) (CAS No. 7631-86-9)
presented in the form of entirely spherical micro-spheres,
certified by the importer as having a mean particle size of
between 0.046 and 0.054 mm, uniform particle size with a
uniformity coefficient of 1.65 or less and specific electrical
resistance of 50,000 Ohm cm or more (provided for in
subheading 2811.22.10)..............................................................

9902.01.29

1/

Silicon dioxide amorphous, certified by the importer as
comprising entirely spherical micro-spheres with mean particle
size of 28 to 45 micrometers (µm) and surface area 600 to 800
m²/g (CAS No. 7631-86-9) (provided for in subheading
2811.22.10) ..................................................................................

9902.01.30

1/

Amorphous silicon dioxide micro-spheres of mean particle size
of 0.050-0.100 mm, and specific electrical resistance of 50,000
Ohm cm or more (CAS No. 7631-86-9) (provided for in
subheading 2811.22.10)..............................................................

9902.01.31

1/

Amorphous silicon dioxide micro-spheres of mean particle size
0.003-0.018 mm, linseed oil absorption 30-40 ml/g, surface
area less than 80 m²/g, and pore volume less than 0.1 ml/g
(CAS No. 7631-86-9) (provided for in subheading 2811.22.10)
........................................................................................................

9902.01.32

1/

Entirely spherical silicon dioxide micro-spheres, certified by
the importer as having mean particle size of 3 to 18
micrometers (µm), linseed oil absorption 150 to 400 ml/g,
microbial count less than 100 cfu/g, mold count less than 100
cfu/g, heavy metals less than 20 ppm, surface area 300 to 800
m²/g and pore volume of 0.8 to 2.5 ml/g (CAS No. 7631-86-9)
(provided for in subheading 2811.22.10)...................................

9902.01.33

1/

Thionyl chloride (CAS No. 7719-09-7) (provided for in
subheading 2812.17.00)..............................................................

9902.01.34

1/

Chromium(III) oxide (CAS No. 1308-38-9) (provided for in
subheading 2819.90.00)..............................................................

9902.01.35

1/

Iron(III) oxide (Pigment red 101) (CAS No. 1309-37-1)
(provided for in subheading 2821.10.00) ..................................

9902.01.36

1/

Hydroxylamine (CAS No. 7803-49-8) (provided for in
subheading 2825.10.00)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.1%

No change

No change

2.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.01.37

1/

Article Description

Hydroxylamine sulfate (bis(hydroxylammonium) sulfate) (CAS
No. 10039-54-0) (provided for in subheading 2825.10.00)......

9902.01.38

1/

Hydrazine, 64 percent solution in water (CAS No. 302-01-2)
(provided for in subheading 2825.10.00) ..................................

9902.01.39

1/

Germanium dioxide, powder form (CAS No. 1310-53-8)
(provided for in subheading 2825.60.00)...................................

9902.01.40

1/

Tin(IV) oxide (stannic oxide) (Dioxostannane) (CAS No.
18282-10-5) (provided for in subheading 2825.90.20)............

9902.01.41

1/

Ammonium bifluoride (Ammonium fluoride hydrofluoride (1:1:1))
(CAS No. 1341-49-7) (provided for in subheading
2826.19.10)...................................................................................

9902.01.42

1/

Sodium Fluoride (CAS No. 7681-49-4) (provided for in
subheading 2826.19.20)..............................................................

9902.01.43

1/

Tin fluoride (CAS No. 7783-47-3) (provided for in subheading
2826.19.90)...................................................................................

9902.01.44

1/

Sodium hydrogen difluoride (CAS No. 1333-83-1) (provided
for in subheading 2826.19.90)....................................................

9902.01.45

1/

Chromium(3+) trifluoride (CAS No. 7788-97-8) (provided for
in subheading 2826.19.90)..........................................................

9902.01.46

1/

Potassium fluoride hydrofluoride (CAS No. 7789-29-9)
(provided for in subheading 2826.19.90)...................................

9902.01.47

1/

Potassium fluoroborate (CAS No. 14075-53-7) (provided for
in subheading 2826.90.90)..........................................................

9902.01.48

1/

Potassium fluotitanate (Dipotassium hexafluorotitanate(2-))
(CAS No. 16919-27-0) (provided for in subheading
2826.90.90)...................................................................................

9902.01.49

1/

Potassium zirconate (CAS No.16923-95-8) (provided for in
subheading 2826.90.90)..............................................................

9902.01.50

1/

Titanium trichloride (CAS No. 7705-07-9) (provided for in
subheading 2827.39.30)..............................................................

9902.01.51

1/

Cobalt chloride (dichlorocobalt hydrate (1:1)) (CAS No.
7791-13-1) (provided for in subheading 2827.39.60)..............

9902.01.52

1/

Cesium Chloride (CAS No. 7647-17-8) (provided for in
subheading 2827.39.90)..............................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 5

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.01.53

1/

Cesium iodide (CAS No. 7789-17-5) (provided for in
subheading 2827.60.51)..............................................................

9902.01.54

1/

Sodium sulfide (CAS No. 1313-82-2) (provided for in
subheading 2830.10.00)..............................................................

9902.01.55

1/

Sodium Thiosulfate Pentahydrate (Sodium sulfurothioate
hydrate (2:1.5)) (CAS No.10102-17-7) (provided for in
subheading 2832.30.10)..............................................................

9902.01.56

1/

Barium dinitrate (CAS No. 10022-31-8) (provided for in
subheading 2834.29.51)..............................................................

9902.01.57

1/

Sodium hypophosphite monohydrate (CAS No. 10039-56-2)
(provided for in subheading 2835.10.00)...................................

9902.01.58

1/

Monopotassium phosphate (CAS No. 7778-77-0) (provided
for in subheading 2835.24.00) ...................................................

9902.01.59

1/

Ammonium polyphosphate (CAS No. 68333-79-9) (provided
for in subheading 2835.39.50)....................................................

9902.01.60

1/

Cobalt carbonate (cobalt(2+) carbonate hydrate (1:1:1)) (CAS
No. 513-79-1) (provided for in subheading 2836.99.10).........

9902.01.61

1/

Zirconium basic carbonate (zirconium(4+) dicarbonate) (CAS
No. 57219-64-4) (provided for in subheading 2836.99.50)......

9902.01.62

1/

Potassium Ferricyanide (CAS No.13746-66-2) (provided for
in subheading 2837.20.10)..........................................................

9902.01.63

1/

Sodium Ferrocyanide (CAS No. 13601-19-9) (provided for in
subheading 2837.20.51)..............................................................

9902.01.64

1/

Potassium Ferrocyanide (CAS No.14459-95-1) (provided for
in subheading 2837.20.51)..........................................................

9902.01.65

1/

Sodium oxosilanediolate hydrate (2:1:9) (Sodium metasilicate
nonahydrate) (CAS No. 13517-24-3) (provided for in
subheading 2839.11.00)..............................................................

9902.01.66

1/

Potassium Tetraborate (CAS No. 12045-78-2) (provided for
in subheading 2840.20.00)..........................................................

9902.01.67

1/

Disodium dioxido(dioxo)tungsten (disodium wolframate) (CAS
No. 13472-45-2) (provided for in subheading 2841.80.00)......

9902.01.68

1/

Sodium thiocyanate (CAS No. 540-72-7) (provided for in
subheading 2842.90.10)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.01.69

1/

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Silver sodium zirconium hydrogenphosphate (CAS No.
265647-11-8) (provided for in subheading 2843.29.01)..........

1/

Free

No change

No change

9902.01.70

1/

Mixtures or coprecipitates of yttrium phosphate (CAS No.
13990-54-0) and cerium phosphate (CAS No. 13454-71-2)
(provided for in subheadings 2846.10.00 and 2846.90.80).....

9902.01.71

1/

Lanthanum(III) oxide (CAS No. 1312-81-8) (provided for in
subheading 2846.90.80)..............................................................

9902.01.72

1/

Lanthanum carbonate (CAS No. 54451-24-0) (provided for in
subheading 2846.90.80)..............................................................

9902.01.73

1/

Lutetium oxide (CAS No. 12032-20-1) (provided for in
subheading 2846.90.80)..............................................................

9902.01.74

1/

Lanthanum phosphate, cerium terbium-doped (CAS No.
95823-34-0) (provided for in subheading 2846.90.80)............

9902.01.75

1/

Yttrium oxides having a purity of at least 99.9 percent (CAS
No. 1314-36-9) (provided for in subheading 2846.90.80).......

9902.01.76

1/

Ytterbium trifluoride powder (CAS No. 13760-80-0) with a
median particle size of greater than 0.2 microns and less than
0.7 microns (provided for in subheading 2846.90.80) .............

9902.01.77

1/

Titanium(2+) dihydride (Titanium hydride) (CAS No.
7704-98-5) (provided for in subheading 2850.00.07)..............

9902.01.78

1/

Mixtures containing titanium dihydride pastes of a kind used
for coating the interior of low-pressure mercury lamps (CAS
No. 7704-98-5) (provided for in subheading 2850.00.07) ......

9902.01.79

1/

Lithium tetrahydridoaluminate(1-) (Lithium aluminum hydride)
(CAS No. 16853-85-3) (provided for in subheading
2850.00.50)...................................................................................

9902.01.80

1/

Cyanamide (CAS No. 420-04-2) (provided for in subheading
2853.90.90)...................................................................................

9902.01.81

1/

n-Butyl chloride (1-Chlorobutane) (CAS No. 109-69-3)
(provided for in subheading 2903.19.60) ..................................

9902.01.82

1/

1,6-Dichlorohexane (CAS No. 2163-00-0) (provided for in
subheading 2903.19.60) .............................................................

9902.01.83

1/

Allyl Bromide (3-bromo-1-propene) (CAS No. 106-95-6)
(provided for in subheading 2903.39.20)...................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

2.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 7

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.01.84

1/

1,6,7,8,9,14,15,16,17,17,18,18-Dodecachloropentacy-
clo[12.2.1.16,9.02,13.05,10]octadeca-7,15-diene (CAS No.
13560-89-9) (provided for in subheading 2903.89.31)............

9902.01.85

1/

Chlorobenzene (CAS No.108-90-7) (provided for in subheading
2903.91.10)...................................................................................

9902.01.86

1/

o-Dichlorobenzene (1,2-dichlorobenzene) (CAS No. 95-50-1)
(provided for in subheading 2903.91.20)...................................

9902.01.87

1/

p-Dichlorobenzene (1,4-dichlorobenzene) (CAS No. 106-46-7)
(provided for in subheading 2903.91.30)...................................

9902.01.88

1/

1-Chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl) benzene (CAS No. 98-56-6)
(provided for in subheading 2903.99.08)...................................

9902.01.89

1/

1,2,4-Trichlorobenzene (CAS No. 120-82-1) (provided for in
subheading 2903.99.10)..............................................................

9902.01.90

1/

α,α,α-Trichlorotoluene (CAS No. 98-07-7) (provided for in
subheading 2903.99.20)..............................................................

9902.01.91

1/

2-Chlorobenzyl chloride (CAS No. 611-19-8) (provided for in
subheading 2903.99.80)..............................................................

9902.01.92

1/

Dichloromethylbenzene (CAS no. 29797-40-8) (provided for
in subheading 2903.99.80)..........................................................

9902.01.93

1/

1-Chloro-2-chloromethyl-3-fluorobenzene (CAS No.
55117-15-2) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.80)............

9902.01.94

1/

2-Bromo-1,3-diethyl-5-methylbenzene (CAS No. 314084-61-2)
(DEMBB) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.80).................

9902.01.95

1/

2-Chlorotoluene (CAS No. 95-49-8) (provided for in subheading
2903.99.80)...................................................................................

9902.01.96

1/

1-(Chloromethyl)-3-methylbenzene (CAS No. 620-19-9)
(provided for in subheading 2903.99.80)...................................

9902.01.97

1/

Benzenesulfonyl chloride (CAS No. 98-09-9) (provided for in
subheading 2904.10.08)..............................................................

9902.01.98

1/

Lithium p-styrenesulfonate (CAS No. 4551-88-6) (provided for
in subheading 2904.10.32)..........................................................

9902.01.99

1/

Sodium 4-vinylbenzenesulfonate (CAS No. 2695-37-6)
(provided for in subheading 2904.10.37)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

3.9%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.7%

No change

No change

4.3%

No change

No change

2.9%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.1%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 9

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.02.01

1/

p-Toluenesulfonic acid (4-methylbenzenesulfonic acid hydrate
(1:1)) (CAS No. 6192-52-5) (provided for in subheading
2904.10.37)...................................................................................

9902.02.02

1/

Methanesulfonic acid (CAS No. 75-75-2) (provided for in
subheading 2904.10.50)..............................................................

9902.02.03

1/

Methanesulfonyl chloride (CAS No. 124-63-0) (provided for in
subheading 2904.10.50)..............................................................

9902.02.04

1/

4-Chloro-3,5-dinitro-α,α,α-trifluorotoluene (CAS No. 393-75-9)
(provided for in subheading 2904.99.15)...................................

9902.02.05

1/

2-Methyl-5-nitrobenzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 121-03-9)
(provided for in subheading 2904.99.20)...................................

9902.02.06

1/

Triflic acid (trifluoromethanesulfonic acid) (CAS No.1493-13-6)
(provided for in subheading 2904.99.50)...................................

9902.02.07

1/

Triflic anhydride (trifluoromethanesulfonic anhydride) (CAS
No. 358-23-6) (provided for in subheading 2904.99.50).........

9902.02.08

1/

Potassium
2,2,3,3,4,4,5,5,6,6-decafluoro-1-(pentafluoroethyl)cy-
clohexanesulfonate (CAS No. 67584-42-3) (provided for in
subheading 2904.99.50)..............................................................

9902.02.09

1/

2-Octanol (CAS No. 123-96-6) (provided for in subheading
2905.16.00)...................................................................................

9902.02.10

1/

16-Methyl-1-heptadecanol (Isostearyl alcohol) (CAS No.
27458-93-1) (provided for in subheading 2905.19.90)............

9902.02.11

1/

Sodium methylate powder (CAS No. 124-41-4) (provided for
in subheading 2905.19.90) .........................................................

9902.02.12

1/

Magnesium bis(2-methyl-2-propanolate) (Magenesium
tert-butoxide) (CAS No. 32149-57-8) (provided for in
subheading 2905.19.90)..............................................................

9902.02.13

1/

2-Propyn-1-ol (propargyl alcohol) (CAS No. 107-19-7)
(provided for in subheading 2905.29.90)...................................

9902.02.14

1/

cis-3-Hexen-1-ol (CAS No. 928-96-1) (provided for in
subheading 2905.29.90)..............................................................

9902.02.15

1/

1,2-Pentanediol (CAS No. 5343-92-0) (provided for in
subheading 2905.39.90)..............................................................

9902.02.16

1/

2,5-Dimethyl-2,5-hexanediol (CAS No. 110-03-2) (provided
for in subheading 2905.39.90)....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

0.8%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.02.17

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

d-Menthol (CAS No. 15356-60-2)(provided for in subheading
2906.11.00)...................................................................................

9902.02.19

1/

α-Naphthol (CAS No. 90-15-3) (provided for in subheading
2907.15.10)...................................................................................

9902.02.20

1/

Thymol (2-isopropyl-5-methylphenol) (CAS No. 89-83-8)
(provided for in subheading 2907.19.40)...................................

9902.02.21

1/

2-Phenylphenol (CAS No. 90-43-7) (provided for in subheading
2907.19.80)...................................................................................

9902.02.22

1/

2-Phenylphenol sodium salt (CAS No. 132-27-4) (provided for
in subheading 2907.19.80)..........................................................

9902.02.23

1/

Resorcinol (CAS No. 108-46-3) (provided for in subheading
2907.21.00)...................................................................................

9902.02.24

1/

Pyrogallol (Pyrogallic acid) (CAS No. 87-66-1) (provided for
in subheading 2907.29.10)..........................................................

9902.02.25

1/

Leucoquinizarin as 1,4,9,10-tetrahydroxyanthracene (CAS
No. 476-60-8),
2,3-dihydro-9,10-dihydroxyanthracene-1,4-dione (CAS No.
17648-03-2) or
2,3-dihydro-1,4-dihydroxy-9,10-anthracenedione (CAS No.
40498-13-3) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90 or
2914.69.90)...................................................................................

9902.02.26

1/

6,6'-Di-tert-butyl-2,2'-methylenedi-p-cresol (CAS No. 119-47-1)
(provided for in subheading 2907.29.90)...................................

9902.02.27

1/

2,2'-(2-Methyl-1,1-propanediyl)bis(4,6-dimethylphenol) (CAS
No. 33145-10-7) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90)......

9902.02.28

1/

4,4'-(1,1-Butanediyl)bis[5-methyl-2-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenol]
(CAS No. 85-60-9) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90)..

9902.02.29

1/

2,5-Bis(2-methyl-2-butanyl)-1,4-benzenediol (CAS No.
79-74-3) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90)...................

9902.02.30

1/

4,4',4''-(1,1,3-Butanetriyl)tris[5-methyl-2-(2-methyl-2-propa-
nyl)phenol] (CAS No. 1843-03-4) (provided for in subheading
2907.29.90)...................................................................................

9902.02.31

1/

2,2'-Methylenebis[4-ethyl-6-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenol] (CAS
No. 88-24-4) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90)............

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.02.32

1/

Article Description

2-Nitrophenol (o-nitrophenol) (CAS No. 88-75-5) (provided for
in subheading 2908.99.25)..........................................................

9902.02.33

1/

3-Trifluoromethyl-4-nitrophenol (CAS No. 88-30-2) (provided
for in subheading 2908.99.80)....................................................

9902.02.34

1/

2,5,8,11,14,17,20-Heptaoxadocosan-22-ol methanesulfonate
(CAS No. 477775-57-8) (provided for in subheading
2909.19.60)...................................................................................

9902.02.35

1/

2-Chloro-α,α,α-trifluoro-p-tolyl-3-ethoxy-4-nitrophenyl ether
(Oxyfluorfen) (CAS No. 42874-03-3) (provided for in
subheading 2909.30.30)..............................................................

9902.02.36

1/

1-Methoxy-2,4-dinitrobenzene (2,4-Dinitroanisole) (CAS No.
119-27-7) (provided for in subheading 2909.30.60)................

9902.02.37

1/

2-(Hydroxymethyl)-2-(prop-2-enoxymethyl) propane-1,3-diol
(CAS No. 91648-24-7) (provided for in subheading
2909.49.60)...................................................................................

9902.02.38

1/

t-Butyl cumyl peroxide
({2-[(2-methyl-2-propanyl)peroxy]-2-propanyl}benzene) (CAS
No. 3457-61-2) (provided for in subheading 2909.60.10).......

9902.02.39

1/

Bis(α,α-dimethylbenzyl) peroxide (dicumyl peroxide) (CAS No.
80-43-3) (provided for in subheading 2909.60.20)...................

9902.02.40

1/

2-Phenyl-2-propanyl hydroperoxide (cumene hydroperoxide)
(CAS No. 80-15-9) (provided for in subheading 2909.60.20)..

9902.02.41

1/

2,5-Dimethyl-2,5-bis[(2-methyl-2-propanyl)peroxy]hexane
(CAS No. 78-63-7) (provided for in HTS subheading
2909.60.50)...................................................................................

9902.02.42

1/

(2S)-2-[(Allyloxy)methyl]oxirane (CAS No. 106-92-3) (provided
for in subheading 2910.90.91)....................................................

9902.02.43

1/

2-Bromo-1,1-dimethoxyethane (CAS No. 7252-83-7) (provided
for in subheading 2911.00.50)....................................................

9902.02.44

1/

3,7-Dimethylocta-2,6-dienal (citral) (CAS No. 5392-40-5)
(provided for in subheading 2912.19.10)...................................

9902.02.45

1/

Glyoxal (CAS No. 107-22-2) (provided for in subheading
2912.19.30)...................................................................................

9902.02.46

1/

4-Propylbenzaldehyde (CAS No. 28785-06-0) (provided for
in subheading 2912.29.60)..........................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.8%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.2%

No change

No change

2.8%

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 11

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - II - 12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.02.47

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Cyclobutanecarboxaldehyde (CAS No. 2987-17-9) (provided
for in subheading 2912.29.60)....................................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

9902.02.48

1/

2-Methyl-3-[4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenyl]propanal (Lily
aldehyde) (CAS No. 80-54-6) (provided for in subheading
2912.29.60)...................................................................................

9902.02.49

1/

p-Anisaldehyde (4-methoxybenzaldehyde) (CAS No. 123-11-5)
(provided for in subheading 2912.49.10)...................................

9902.02.50

1/

2-Methoxy-5-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)benzaldehyde (CAS No.
85943-26-6) (provided for in subheading 2912.49.26)............

9902.02.51

1/

7-Hydroxycitronellal (7-Hydroxy-3,7-dimethyloctanal) (CAS
No. 107-75-5) (provided for in subheading 2912.49.55).........

9902.02.52

1/

2,4-Disulfobenzaldehyde (CAS No. 88-39-1) (provided for in
subheading 2913.00.40)..............................................................

9902.02.53

1/

p-(Trifluoromethyl)benzaldehyde (CAS No. 455-19-6) (provided
for in subheading 2913.00.40)....................................................

9902.02.54

1/

3-Pentanone (Diethyl ketone) (CAS No. 96-22-0) (provided
for in subheading 2914.19.00)....................................................

9902.02.55

1/

(3E)-4-(2,6,6-Trimethyl-2-cyclohexen-1-yl)-3-buten-2-one
(CAS No. 79-77-6) (provided for in subheading 2914.23.00)..

9902.02.56

1/

3-Methyl-4-(2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-2-enyl)but-3-en-2-one
(Methylionone)(CAS No. 1335-46-2) (provided for in
subheading 2914.23.00)..............................................................

9902.02.57

1/

1,3-Cyclohexanedione (CAS No. 504-02-9) (provided for in
subheading 2914.29.50)..............................................................

9902.02.58

1/

3-[2-Chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)benzoyl]-4-(phenylsul-
fanyl)bicyclo[3.2.1]oct-3-en-2-one (Benzobicyclon) (CAS No.
156963-66-5) (provided for in subheading 2914.29.50)..........

9902.02.59

1/

Cyclopentanone (CAS No. 120-92-3) (provided for in
subheading 2914.29.50)..............................................................

9902.02.60

1/

Benzophenone (CAS No. 119-61-9) (provided for in
subheading 2914.39.90)..............................................................

9902.02.61

1/

5-Chloro-1-indanone (CAS No. 42348-86-7) (provided for in
subheading 2914.39.90)..............................................................

9902.02.62

1/

p-Methylacetophenone (1-(4-Methylphenyl)ethanone) (CAS
No. 122-00-9) (provided for in subheading 2914.39.90).........

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.7%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.02.63

1/

Article Description

1-Hydroxy-2-methylpentan-3-one (CAS No. 27970-79-2)
(provided for in subheading 2914.40.90)...................................

9902.02.64

1/

2,4-Dihydroxybenzophenone (CAS No. 131-56-6) (provided
for in subheading 2914.50.30)....................................................

9902.02.65

1/

4-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)butan-2-one (raspberry ketone) (CAS No.
5471-51-2) (provided for in subheading 2914.50.30)..............

9902.02.66

1/

4,4-Dimethoxy-2-butanone (CAS No. 5436-21-5) (provided
for in subheading 2914.50.50)....................................................

9902.02.67

1/

2-tert-Amylanthraquinone
(2-(2-methyl-2-butanyl)-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No.
32588-54-8) (provided for in subheading 2914.69.10)............

9902.02.68

1/

1-Nitroanthraquinone (1-nitroanthracene-9,10-dione) (CAS
No. 82-34-8) (provided for in subheading 2914.79.40)............

9902.02.69

1/

1-(4-Chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethylpentan-3-one (Alkylketone)
(CAS No. 66346-01-8) (provided for in subheading
2914.79.40)...................................................................................

9902.02.70

1/

1,5-Dichloro-9,10-anthraquinone (CAS No. 82-46-2) (provided
for in subheading 2914.79.40)....................................................

9902.02.71

1/

(3E)-4-Ethoxy-1,1,1-trifluorobut-3-en-2-one (CAS No.
59938-06-6) (provided for in subheading 2914.79.90)............

9902.02.72

1/

(3-Bromo-6-methoxy-2-methylphenyl)(2,3,4-trimethoxy-6-
methylphenyl)methanone (Metrafenone) (CAS No.
220899-03-6) (provided for in subheading 2914.79.90)..........

9902.02.73

1/

cis-2-tert-Butylcyclohexyl acetate (Argumex) (CAS No.
20298-69-5) (provided for in subheading 2915.39.45)............

9902.02.74

1/

Dichloroacetyl chloride (DCAC) (CAS No. 79-36-7) (provided
for in subheading 2915.40.50)....................................................

9902.02.75

1/

Methyl 2-chloroacetate (CAS No. 96-34-4) (provided for in
subheading 2915.40.50)..............................................................

9902.02.76

1/

Ethyl chloroacetate (CAS No. 105-39-5) (provided for in
subheading 2915.40.50)..............................................................

9902.02.78

1/

Vinyl neodecanoate (vinyl 7,7-dimethyloctanoate) (CAS No.
51000-52-3) (provided for in subheading 2915.90.18)............

9902.02.79

1/

Dilauroyl peroxide (CAS No. 105-74-8) (provided for in
subheading 2915.90.50)..............................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 13

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.02.80

1/

Triglyceryl octanoate (CAS No. 108777-93-1) (provided for in
subheading 2915.90.50)..............................................................

9902.02.81

1/

t-Butyl acrylate (2-methyl-2-propanyl acrylate) (CAS No.
1663-39-4) (provided for in subheading 2916.12.50)..............

9902.02.82

1/

Allyl methacrylate (CAS No. 96-05-9) (provided for in
subheading 2916.14.20)..............................................................

9902.02.83

1/

(2E,4E)-2,4-Hexadienoic acid (Sorbic acid) (CAS No.
110-44-1) (provided for in subheading 2916.19.20)................

9902.02.84

1/

(E)-2-Butenoic acid (trans-crotonic acid) (CAS No. 107-93-7)
(provided for in subheading 2916.19.30)...................................

9902.02.85

1/

Pinane hydroperoxide (2,6,6-trimethlybicyclo[3.1.1]heptyl
hydroperoxide) (CAS No. 28324-52-9) (provided for in
subheading 2916.20.50)..............................................................

9902.02.86

1/

2-Methylbiphenyl-3-ylmethyl (1RS,3RS)-3-[(Z)-2-chloro-
3,3,3-trifluoroprop-1-enyl]-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecar-
boxylate (Bifenthrin) (CAS No. 82657-04-3) (provided for in
subheading 2916.20.50)..............................................................

9902.02.87

1/

Benzoyl chloride (CAS No. 98-88-4) (provided for in
subheading 2916.32.20)..............................................................

9902.02.88

1/

4-Nitrobenzoyl chloride (CAS No.122-04-3) (provided for in
subheading 2916.39.03)..............................................................

9902.02.89

1/

Methyl (2E)-3-phenylacrylate (Methyl cinnamate) (CAS No.
103-26-4) (provided for in subheading 2916.39.21)................

9902.02.90

1/

Bis(2,4-dichlorobenzoyl) peroxide (CAS No. 133-14-2)
(provided for in subheading 2916.39.79)...................................

9902.02.91

1/

Oxalic acid (ethanedioic acid dihydrate) (CAS No. 6153-56-6)
(provided for in subheading 2917.11.00)...................................

9902.02.92

1/

Dimethyl oxalate (CAS No. 553-90-2) (provided for in
subheading 2917.11.00)..............................................................

9902.02.93

1/

Sebacic acid (CAS No. 111-20-6) (provided for in subheading
2917.13.00)...................................................................................

9902.02.94

1/

Dimethyl malonate (CAS No. 108-59-8) (provided for in
subheading 2917.19.70)..............................................................

9902.02.95

1/

Itaconic acid (2-methylidenebutanedioic acid) (CAS No.
97-65-4) (provided for in subheading 2917.19.70)...................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

0.1%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.4%

No change

No change

2.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 15

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.02.96

1/

Himic anhydride (1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-3,6-methanophthalic
anhydride) (CAS No. 826-62-0) (provided for in subheading
2917.20.00)...................................................................................

9902.02.97

1/

Potassium 1,3-dioxo-1H,3H-benzo[de]isochromene-6-sulfonate
(CAS No. 71501-16-1) (provided in subheading
2917.39.04)...................................................................................

9902.02.99

1/

5,5'-Bi-2-benzofuran-1,1',3,3'-tetrone (CAS No. 2420-87-3)
(provided for in subheading 2917.39.30)...................................

9902.03.01

1/

Naphthalene-1,8:4,5-tetracarboxylic dianhydride (CAS No.
81-30-1) (provided for in subheading 2917.39.70)...................

9902.03.02

1/

Pyromellitic dianhydride (benzene-1,2:4,5-tetracarboxylic
dianhydride) (CAS No. 89-32-7) (provided for in subheading
2917.39.70)...................................................................................

9902.03.03

1/

Dimethyl 5-nitroisophthalate (CAS No. 13290-96-5) (provided
for in subheading 2917.39.70)....................................................

9902.03.04

1/

Isophthaloyl chloride (CAS No. 99-63-8) (provided for in
subheading 2917.39.70)..............................................................

9902.03.05

1/

Terephthaloyl chloride (CAS No. 100-20-9) (provided for in
subheading 2917.39.70)..............................................................

9902.03.06

1/

3-Hydroxy-2,2-dimethylpropyl-3-hydroxy-2,2-dimethylpropionate
(CAS No. 1115-20-4) (provided for in subheading
2918.19.90)...................................................................................

9902.03.07

1/

o-Acetylsalicylic acid (Aspirin) (CAS No. 50-78-2) (provided
for in subheading 2918.22.10)....................................................

9902.03.08

1/

Methyl salicylate (CAS No. 119-36-8) (provided for in
subheading 2918.23.20)..............................................................

9902.03.09

1/

4-Hydroxybenzoic acid (CAS No. 99-96-7) (provided for in
subheading 2918.29.22)..............................................................

9902.03.10

1/

3,4,5-Trihydroxybenzoic acid monohydrate (Gallic acid
monohydrate) (CAS No. 5995-86-8) (provided for in
subheading 2918.29.30)..............................................................

9902.03.11

1/

C7-C9-Alkyl 3-(3,5-di-trans-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl) propionate
(CAS No. 125643-61-0) (provided in subheading
2918.29.65)...................................................................................

9902.03.12

1/

Propyl 3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoate (Propyl gallate) (CAS No.
121-79-9) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.75)................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.9%

No change

No change

2.3%

No change

No change

2.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.03.13

1/

Octadecyl 3-(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionate
(CAS No. 2082-79-3) (provided for in subheading
2918.29.75)...................................................................................

9902.03.14

1/

Pentaerythritol
tetrakis(3-(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionate) (CAS
No. 6683-19-8) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.75).......

9902.03.15

1/

Ethyl 4-hydroxybenzoate (CAS No. 120-47-8) (provided for in
subheading 2918.29.75)..............................................................

9902.03.16

1/

Methyl 4-hydroxybenzoate (CAS No. 99-76-3) (provided for
in subheading 2918.29.75)..........................................................

9902.03.17

1/

Hexadecyl 4-hydroxy-3,5-bis(2-methyl-2-propanyl)benzoate
(CAS No. 67845-93-6) (provided for in subheading 2918.29.75)
........................................................................................................

9902.03.18

1/

2-Benzoylbenzoic acid (CAS No. 85-52-9) (provided for in
subheading 2918.30.30)..............................................................

9902.03.19

1/

Prohexadione-calcium (Calcium
bis(3,5-dioxo-4-propionylcyclohexanecarboxylate)) (CAS No.
127277-53-6) (provided for in subheading 2918.30.90)..........

9902.03.20

1/

Glyoxyl acid (Glyoxylic acid) (CAS No. 298-12-4) (provided
for in subheading 2918.30.90)....................................................

9902.03.21

1/

(+)-(R)-2-(2,4-Dichlorophenoxy)propanoic acid (Dichlorprop-p)
(CAS No. 15165-67-0) (provided for in subheading
2918.99.18)...................................................................................

9902.03.22

1/

4-(2,4-Dichlorophenoxy) butyric acid (2,4-DB) (CAS No.
94-82-6) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.20)...................

9902.03.23

1/

2-Methyl-4-chlorophenoxyacetic acid (MCPA) (CAS No.
94-74-6) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.20)...................

9902.03.24

1/

1-Ethoxy-1-oxo-2-propanyl
5-[2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]-2-nitrobenzoate
(Lactofen) (CAS No. 77501-63-4) (provided for in subheading
2918.99.20)...................................................................................

9902.03.25

1/

Triethylene glycol bis[3-(3-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy-5-methyl-
phenyl)propionate] (CAS No. 36443-68-2) (provided for in
subheading 2918.99.43)..............................................................

9902.03.26

1/

4,4ʹ-Oxydiphthalic anhydride (CAS No. 1823-59-2) (provided
for in subheading 2918.99.43)....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.7%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.5%

No change

No change

4.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.03.27

1/

Article Description

2-Ethylhexyl 4-methoxycinnamate (CAS No. 5466-77-3)
(provided for in subheading 2918.99.43)...................................

9902.03.28

1/

(R)-(+)-2-(4-Hydroxyphenoxy)propionic acid (CAS No.
94050-90-5)(provided for in subheading 2918.99.43).............

9902.03.29

1/

4,4’-Oxydibenzoyl chloride (CAS No. 7158-32-9) (provided
for in subheading 2918.99.43)....................................................

9902.03.30

1/

5,5'-Oxybis(2-benzofuran-1,3-dione) (CAS No.1823-59-2)
(provided for in subheading 2918.99.43)...................................

9902.03.31

1/

Ethyl (RS)-4-cyclopropyl(hydroxy)methylene-3,5-
dioxocyclohexanecarboxylate (Trinexapac-ethyl) (CAS No.
95266-40-3) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.50)............

9902.03.32

1/

Methyl methoxyacetate (CAS No. 6290-49-9) (provided for in
subheading 2918.99.50)..............................................................

9902.03.33

1/

(2Z,4E)-5-[(1S)-1-Hydroxy-2,6,6-trimethyl-4-oxo-2-cy-
clohexen-1-yl]-3-methyl-2,4-pentadienoic acid ((+)-Abscisic
acid) (CAS No. 21293-29-8) (provided for in subheading
2918.99.50)...................................................................................

9902.03.34

1/

Methoxyacetic acid (CAS No. 625-45-6) (provided for in
subheading 2918.99.50)..............................................................

9902.03.35

1/

(Z)-2-Chloro-1-(2,4,5-trichlorophenyl)vinyl dimethyl phosphate
(Tetrachlorvinfos) (CAS No. 22248-79-9) (provided for in
subheading 2919.90.30)..............................................................

9902.03.36

1/

Bis(2,4-dichlorophenyl) phosphorochloridate (CAS No.
14254-41-2) (provided for in subheading 2919.90.30)............

9902.03.37

1/

Tris(2-ethylhexyl) phosphate (CAS No. 78-42-2) (provided for
in subheading 2919.90.50)..........................................................

9902.03.38

1/

O-(2,6-Dichloro-4-methylphenyl) O,O-dimethyl
phosphorothioate (Tolclofos methyl) (CAS No. 57018-04-9)
(provided for in subheading 2920.19.40)...................................

9902.03.39

1/

O,O-Diethyl phosphorochloridothioate (CAS No. 2524-04-1)
(provided for in subheading 2920.19.50)...................................

9902.03.40

1/

Dimethyl phosphite (CAS No. 868-85-9) (provided for in
subheading 2920.21.00) .............................................................

9902.03.41

1/

2-[4-(2-Methyl-2-propanyl)phenoxy]cyclohexyl 2-propyn-1-yl
sulfite (Propargite) (CAS No. 2312-35-8) (provided for in
subheading 2920.90.10)..............................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.7%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 17

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - II - 18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.03.42

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Tris(2,4-di-tert-butylphenyl) phosphite (CAS No. 31570-04-4)
(provided for in subheading 2920.90.20)2/.................................

9902.03.43

1/

Aluminum tris(ethyl phosphonate) (Fosetyl-Al) (CAS No.
39148-24-8) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.51)............

9902.03.44

1/

Bis(4-t-butylcyclohexyl)peroxydicarbonate (CAS No.
15520-11-3) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.51)............

9902.03.45

1/

2-Ethylhexyl nitrate (CAS No. 27247-96-7) (provided for in
subheading 2920.90.51) .............................................................

9902.03.46

1/

Dimethyl carbonate (CAS No. 616-38-6) (provided for in
subheading 2920.90.51)..............................................................

9902.03.47

1/

Bis(2-ethylhexyl) carbonate (diethylhexyl carbonate) (CAS No.
14858-73-2) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.51) ...........

9902.03.48

1/

2-Ethylhexylamine (CAS No. 104-75-6) (provided for in
subheading 2921.19.61)..............................................................

9902.03.49

1/

Ditridecylamine (N-tridecyl-1-tridecanamine) (CAS No.
101012-97-9) (provided for in subheading 2921.19.61)..........

9902.03.50

1/

C9-C15 Perfluorocarbon Amines (CAS No. 86508-42-1)
(provided for in subheading 2921.19.61) ..................................

9902.03.51

1/

N,N'-Bis(3-aminopropyl)ethylenediamine (CAS No.
10563-26-5) (provided for in subheading 2921.29.00)............

9902.03.52

1/

2,4,4-Trimethyl-1,6-hexanediamine (CAS No. 25620-58-0)
(provided for in subheading 2921.29.00)...................................

9902.03.53

1/

N,N-Diethyl-1,3-propanediamine (CAS No. 104-78-9) (provided
for in subheading 2921.29.00)....................................................

9902.03.54

1/

2,4-Dichloroaniline (CAS No. 554-00-7) (provided for in
subheading 2921.42.18)..............................................................

9902.03.55

1/

4-Chloro-2-nitroaniline (CAS No. 89-63-4) (provided for in
subheading 2921.42.55)..............................................................

9902.03.56

1/

2-Nitroaniline (CAS No. 88-74-4) (provided for in subheading
2921.42.55)...................................................................................

9902.03.57

1/

3,5-Difluoroaniline (CAS No. 372-39-4) (provided for in
subheading 2921.42.65)..............................................................

9902.03.58

1/

2-Ethyl-N-[(2S)-1-methoxypropan-2-yl]-6-methylaniline (CAS
No. 118604-70-9) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.65)....

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

2/ The product referenced in this heading is likely classifiable in HTS subheading 2920.29.00, effective January 1, 2017; consult Customs
for more information.
1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.03.59

1/

Article Description

2,6-Dichloroaniline (CAS No. 608-31-1) (provided for in
subheading 2921.42.90)..............................................................

9902.03.60

1/

N-Benzyl-N-ethylaniline (CAS No. 92-59-1) (provided for in
subheading 2921.42.90)..............................................................

9902.03.61

1/

α-N-Ethylanilinotoluene-3-sulfonic acid (CAS No. 101-11-1)
(provided for in subheading 2921.42.90)...................................

9902.03.62

1/

p-Chloroaniline (CAS No. 106-47-8) (provided for in
subheading 2921.42.90)..............................................................

9902.03.63

1/

Sodium hydrogen 2-aminobenzene-1,4-disulfonate (CAS No.
24605-36-5) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.90)............

9902.03.64

1/

3-{[Ethyl(phenyl)amino]methyl}benzenesulfonic acid (CAS No.
101-11-1) (provided for in 2921.42.90)......................................

9902.03.65

1/

α,α,α-Trifluoro-2,6-dinitro-p-toluidine (Trifluralin) (CAS No.
1582-09-8) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.15)..............

9902.03.66

1/

N-Ethyl-N-(2-methyl-2-propenyl)-2,6-dinitro-4-(trifluor-
omethyl)benzenamine (Ethalfluralin) (CAS No. 55283-68-6)
(provided for in subheading 2921.43.22)...................................

9902.03.67

1/

p-Toluidine (CAS No. 106-49-0) (provided for in subheading
2921.43.40)...................................................................................

9902.03.68

1/

N-Butyl-N-ethyl-α,α,α-trifluoro-2,6-dinitro-p-toluidine
(Benfluralin) (CAS No. 1861-40-1) (provided for in subheading
2921.43.90)...................................................................................

9902.03.69

1/

o-Chloro-p-toluidine (3-chloro-4-methylaniline) (CAS No.
95-74-9) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.90)...................

9902.03.70

1/

m-Toluidine (CAS No.108-44-1) (provided for in subheading
2921.43.90)...................................................................................

9902.03.71

1/

o-Toluidine (CAS No. 95-53-4) (provided for in subheading
2921.43.90)...................................................................................

9902.03.72

1/

N-sec-Butyl-4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)-2,6-dinitroaniline (Butralin)
(CAS No. 33629-47-9) (provided for in subheading
2921.43.90)...................................................................................

9902.03.73

1/

4-Amino-3-methylbenzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 98-33-9)
(provided for in subheading 2921.43.90)...................................

9902.03.74

1/

2,4-Xylidine (CAS No. 95-68-1) (provided for in subheading
2921.49.10) ..................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

5.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 19

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - II - 20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.03.75

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Mixed xylidines (CAS No. 1300-73-8) (provided for in
subheading 2921.49.45)..............................................................

9902.03.76

1/

Dodecylaniline branched isomers (CAS No. 68411-48-3)
(provided for in subheading 2921.49.45)...................................

9902.03.77

1/

N-(2-Chloro-6-fluorobenzyl)-N-ethyl-α,α,α-trifluoro-
2,6-dinitro-p-toluidine (Flumetralin) (CAS No. 62924-70-3)
(provided for in subheading 2921.49.45)...................................

9902.03.78

1/

(1S)-1-Phenylethanamine (CAS No. 618-36-0) (provided for
in subheading 2921.49.50)..........................................................

9902.03.79

1/

2-Ethyl-6-methylaniline (CAS No. 24549-06-2) (provided for
in subheading 2921.49.50)..........................................................

9902.03.80

1/

m-Phenylenediamine (CAS No. 108-45-2) (provided for in
subheading 2921.51.10)2/............................................................

9902.03.81

1/

1,3-Benzenediamine (CAS No. 108-45-2) (provided for in
subheading 2921.51.10)3/............................................................

9902.03.82

1/

N-Phenyl-p-phenylenediamine (CAS No. 101-54-2) (provided
for in subheading 2921.51.50)....................................................

9902.03.83

1/

4,4' Methylenebis(2-chloroaniline) (CAS No. 101-14-4)
(provided for in subheading 2921.59.08)...................................

9902.03.84

1/

4,4'-Diamino-2,2'-stilbenedisulfonic acid (CAS No. 81-11-8)
(provided for in subheading 2921.59.20)...................................

9902.03.85

1/

2,2'-Bis(trifluoromethyl)-4,4'-biphenyldiamine (CAS No.
341-58-2) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.40)................

9902.03.86

1/

2,2'-[[(1S,2S)-1,2-Diphenyl-1,2-ethanediyl]bis(im-
inomethylene)]bis[6-(1,1-dimethylethylphenol] (CAS No.
481725-63-7) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.40) .........

9902.03.87

1/

2,6-Dinitro-N,N-dipropyl-4-(trifluoromethyl)-1,3-benzenediamine
(Prodiamine) (CAS No. 29091-21-2) (provided for in
subheading 2921.59.80)..............................................................

9902.03.88

1/

3,3'-Dichlorobenzidine dihydrochloride
(3,3'-Dichloro-4,4'-biphenyldiamine dihydrochloride) (CAS No.
612-83-9) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.80)................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.0%

No change

No change

4.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Note that this provision and heading 9902.03.81 refer to products with the same CAS registry number. It is suggested that importers
choose the heading that matches their shipment's invoice description, and consult U.S. Customs and Border Protection with any questions
that arise.
3/ Note that this provision and heading 9902.03.80 refer to products with the same CAS registry number. It is suggested that importers
choose the heading that matches their shipment's invoice description, and consult U.S. Customs and Border Protection with any questions
that arise.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 21

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.03.89

1/

2-{[2,4,8,10-Tetrakis(2-methyl-2-propanyl)diben-
zo[d,f][1,3,2]dioxaphosphepin-6-yl]oxy}-N,N-bis(2-{[2,4,8,10-tetra-
kis(2-methyl-2-propanyl)dibenzo[d,f][1,3,2]dioxaphos-
phepin-6-yl]oxy}ethyl)ethanamine (CAS No. 80410-33-9)
(provided for in subheading 2922.19.60)...................................

9902.03.90

1/

4-Methyl-N,N-dipropoxyaniline (CAS No. 38668-48-3)
(provided for in subheading 2922.19.70)...................................

9902.03.91

1/

Phytosphingosine ((2S,3S,4R)-2-amino-1,3,4-octadecanetriol)
(CAS No. 13552-11-9) (provided for in subheading
2922.19.96)...................................................................................

9902.03.92

1/

1-(Dimethylamino)-2-propanol (CAS No. 108-16-7) (provided
for in subheading 2922.19.96) ...................................................

9902.03.93

1/

(2S,3S,4R)-2-Amino-1,3,4-octadecanetriol hydrochloride
(Phytosphingosine HCl) (CAS No. 154801-32-8) (provided for
in subheading 2922.19.96) .........................................................

9902.03.94

1/

2-Amino-4-methylphenol (CAS No. 95-84-1) (provided for in
subheading 2922.29.10)..............................................................

9902.03.95

1/

4,4'-[1,3-Phenylenebis(oxy)]dianiline (CAS No. 2479-46-1)
(provided for in subheading 2922.29.61) ..................................

9902.03.96

1/

4-Methoxy-2-methyl-N-phenylaniline (CAS No. 41317-15-1)
(provided for in subheading 2922.29.61)...................................

9902.03.97

1/

N-(2,4-Dimethylphenyl)-4-methoxy-2-methylaniline (CAS No.
41374-20-3) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.61)............

9902.03.98

1/

p-Cresidinesulfonic acid
(4-amino-5-methoxy-2-methylbenzenesulfonic acid) (CAS No.
6471-78-9) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.81)..............

9902.03.99

1/

2-Methoxy-5-methylaniline (CAS No. 120-71-8) (provided for
in subheading 2922.29.81.90)2/..................................................

9902.04.01

1/

4,4'-Oxydianiline (CAS No. 101-80-4) (provided for in
subheading 2922.29.81)..............................................................

9902.04.02

1/

4-Amino-5-methoxy-2-methylbenzenesulfonic acid (CAS No.
6471-78-9) (provided for in 2922.29.81)....................................

9902.04.03

1/

l-Lysine hydrate (1:1) (CAS No. 39665-12-8) (provided for in
subheading 2922.41.00) .............................................................

9902.04.04

1/

4-Chlorophenylglycine (CAS No. 6212-33-5) (provided for in
subheading 2922.49.30)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Note: provision should probably refer only to the 8-digit subheading number.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.7%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

XXII
99 - II - 22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.04.05

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

2-Amino-5-sulfobenzoic acid (CAS No. 3577-63-7) (provided
for in subheading 2922.49.30)....................................................

9902.04.06

1/

3,4-Diaminobenzoic acid (CAS No. 619-05-6) (provided for in
subheading 2922.49.30) .............................................................

9902.04.07

1/

Methyl 2-amino-3-chlorobenzoate (CAS No. 77820-58-7)
(provided for in subheading 2922.49.30)...................................

9902.04.08

1/

11-Aminoundecanoic acid (CAS No. 2432-99-7) (provided for
in subheading 2922.49.40)..........................................................

9902.04.09

1/

Ethyl 3-amino-4,4,4-trifluorocrotonate (CAS No. 372-29-2)
(provided for in subheading 2922.49.80)...................................

9902.04.10

1/

Manganese(2+) sodium
2,2',2'',2'''-(1,2-ethanediyldinitrilo)tetraacetate (1:2:1)
(Manganese disodium ethylenediaminetetraacetate) (CAS No.
15375-84-5) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80)............

9902.04.11

1/

Sarcosine, sodium salt (sodium (methylamino)acetate) (CAS
No. 4316-73-8) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80).......

9902.04.12

1/

Copper(2+) sodium
2,2',2'',2'''-(1,2-ethanediyldinitrilo)tetraacetate (1:2:1) (CAS
No. 14025-15-1) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80)......

9902.04.13

1/

Sodium 3-[(2-carboxyethyl)(dodecyl)amino]propanoate (CAS
No. 14960-06-6) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80) .....

9902.04.14

1/

2-[4-(N-Ethyl-N-(4-methylphenyl)amino)-2-hydroxybenzoyl]
benzoic acid (CAS No. 42530-36-9) (provided for in
subheading 2922.50.35) .............................................................

9902.04.15

1/

2-[4-(Diethylamino)-2-hydroxybenzoyl] benzoic acid (CAS No.
5809-23-4) (provided for in subheading 2922.50.40) .............

9902.04.16

1/

(2-Hydroxyethyl)trimethylammonium hydroxide (Choline
hydroxide) (CAS No. 123-41-1) (provided for in subheading
2923.10.00)...................................................................................

9902.04.17

1/

Lecithin derived from non-genetically modified rapeseed (CAS
No. 8002-43-5) (provided for in subheading 2923.20.20).......

9902.04.18

1/

Lecithin derived from non-genetically modified sunflower seeds
(CAS No. 8002-43-5) (provided for in subheading
2923.20.20)...................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.5%2/

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Subheading 2922.49.40 was deleted from the tariff schedule; subheading 2922.49.49 likely covers the product named in this heading.
Consult U.S. Customs and Border Protection concerning the use of this duty reduction provision.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.04.19

1/

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Lecithin derived from non-genetically modified soybean (CAS
No. 8002-43-5) (provided for in subheading 2923.20.20) ......

1/

Free

No change

No change

9902.04.20

1/

(Z)-N-Methyl-N-(1-oxo-9-octadecenyl)glycine
(N-oleylsarcosine) (CAS No. 110-25-8) (provided for in
subheading 2924.19.11)..............................................................

9902.04.21

1/

N-Ethenylformamide (N-vinylformamide) (CAS No.
13162-05-5) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.11)............

9902.04.22

1/

3-Oxobutanamide (acetoacetamide) (CAS No. 5977-14-0)
(provided for subheading 2924.19.11) ......................................

9902.04.23

1/

N-[3-(Dimethylamino)propyl]-2-methylacrylamide (CAS No.
5205-93-6) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.11)..............

9902.04.24

1/

1,1,3,3-Tetrabutylurea (CAS No. 4559-86-8) (provided for in
subheading 2924.19.11)..............................................................

9902.04.25

1/

N-(2-Methyl-4-oxo-2-pentanyl)acrylamide (CAS No. 2873-97-4)
(provided for in subheading 2924.19.11)...................................

9902.04.26

1/

N,N,N',N'-Tetrakis(2-hydroxypropyl)-adipamide (CAS No.
57843-53-5) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.80)............

9902.04.27

1/

N,N,N',N'-Tetrakis(2-2-hydroxyethyl)-adipamide (CAS No.
6334-25-4) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.80)..............

9902.04.28

1/

2,2-Dichloro-N,N-bis(prop-2-enyl)acetamide (Dichlormid) (CAS
No. 37764-25-3) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.80)......

9902.04.30

1/

3-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea (Diuron) (CAS No.
330-54-1) (provided for in subheading 2924.21.16)................

9902.04.31

1/

3-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-1-methoxy-1-methylurea (CAS No.
330-55-2) (Linuron) (provided for in subheading
2924.21.16)...................................................................................

9902.04.32

1/

N,N'-Hexamethylenebis(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyhydrocin-
namamide)
(3,3'-bis(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)-N,N'-hexa-
methylenedipropionamide) (CAS No. 23128-74-7) (provided
for in subheading 2924.29.31)....................................................

9902.04.33

1/

Isopropyl (3-chlorophenyl)carbamate (Chlorpropham) (CAS
No. 101-21-3) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.43).........

9902.04.34

1/

Propoxur (2-(1-methylethoxy)phenyl N-methylcarbamate) (CAS
No. 114-26-1) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47).........

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

3.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 23

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.04.35

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.2%

No change

No change

6.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

2-Chloro-N-(2-ethyl-6-methyl-phenyl)-N-(1-methoxypropan-2-yl)
acetamide (Metolachlor) (CAS No. 51218-45-2) (provided for
in subheading 2924.29.47)..........................................................

9902.04.36

1/

Methyl N-(2-methoxyacetyl)-N-(2,6-xylyl)-DL-alaninate
(Metalaxyl)(CAS No. 57837-19-1) (provided for in subheading
2924.29.47)...................................................................................

9902.04.37

1/

(RS)-3,5-dichloro-N-(3-chloro-1-ethyl-1-methyl-2-oxopro-
pyl)-p-toluamide (Zoxamide) (CAS No. 156052-68-5) (provided
for in subheading 2924.29.47)....................................................

9902.04.38

1/

[3-(Methoxycarbonylamino)phenyl]
N-(3-methylphenyl)carbamate (Phenmedipham) (CAS No.
13684-63-4) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47)............

9902.04.39

1/

1-Naphthylenyl methylcarbamate (Carbaryl) (CAS No. 63-25-2)
(provided for in subheading 2924.29.47)...................................

9902.04.40

1/

N-[3-(1-Methylethoxy)phenyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)benzamide
(CAS No. 66332-96-5) (provided for in subheading
2924.29.47)...................................................................................

9902.04.41

1/

1-(2,4-Dichlorophenylcarbamoyl)cyclopropancarboxylic acid
(Cyclanilide) (CAS No. 113136-77-9) (provided for in
subheading 2924.29.47)..............................................................

9902.04.42

1/

Methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)-D-alaninate
(Metalaxyl-M and L-Metalaxyl) (CAS Nos. 70630-17-0 and
69516-34-3) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47)............

9902.04.43

1/

2-Chloro-N-(2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl)-N-[(1S)-2-meth-
oxy-1-methylethyl]acetamide ((S)-Metolachlor) (CAS No.
87392-12-9) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47)............

9902.04.44

1/

(RS)-N,N-Diethyl-2-(1-nephthyloxy)propionamide
(Napropamide) (CAS No. 15299-99-7) (provided for in
subheading 2924.29.47)..............................................................

9902.04.45

1/

2-(4-Chlorophenyl)-N-{2-[3-methoxy-4-(2-propyn-1-yloxy)phe-
nyl]ethyl}-2-(2-propyn-1-yloxy)acetamide (Mandipropamid)
(CAS No. 374726-62-2) (provided for in subheading
2924.29.47)...................................................................................

9902.04.46

1/

N-(2,3-Dichloro-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylcyclohexanecar-
boxamide (Fenhexamid) (CAS No. 126833-17-8) (provided
for in subheading 2924.29.47) ...................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 25

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.04.47

1/

2-{2-[(2,5-Dimethylphenoxy)methyl]phenyl}-2-methoxy-N-
methylacetamide (Mandestrobin) (CAS No. 173662-97-0)
(provided for in subheading 2924.29.47)...................................

9902.04.48

1/

N-(4-Fluorophenyl)-2-hydroxy-N-(1-methylethyl)acetamide
(CAS No. 54041-17-7) (provided for in subheading
2924.29.71)...................................................................................

9902.04.49

1/

2-(Trifluoromethyl)benzamide (CAS No. 360-64-5) (provided
for in subheading 2924.29.71)....................................................

9902.04.50

1/

Methyl 2-amino-4-[(2,5-dichlorophenyl)carbamoyl]benzoate
(CAS No. 59673-82-4) (provided for in subheading
2924.29.71)...................................................................................

9902.04.51

1/

2,5-Bis(acetoacetylamino)benzenesulfonic acid (CAS No.
70185-87-4) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.71)............

9902.04.52

1/

Methyl (chlorocarbonyl)[4-(trifluoromethoxy)phenyl]carbamate
(CAS No. 173903-15-6) (provided for in subheading
2924.29.71) ..................................................................................

9902.04.53

1/

2'-Chloroacetoacetanilide (CAS No. 93-70-9) (provided for in
subheading 2924.29.77)..............................................................

9902.04.54

1/

4'-Chloro-2',5'-dimethoxyacetoacetanilide (CAS No. 4433-79-8)
(provided for in subheading 2924.29.77)...................................

9902.04.55

1/

p-Aminobenzamide (4-Aminobenzamide) (CAS No 2835-68-9)
(provided for in subheading 2924.29.77) ..................................

9902.04.56

1/

2-Amino-5-cyano-N,3-dimethylbenzamide (CAS No.
890707-29-6) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.77)..........

9902.04.57

1/

trans-4-{[(2-Methyl-2-propanyl)oxy]carbonyl}cyclohex-
anecarboxylic acid (CAS No. 53292-89-0) (provided for in
subheading 2924.29.95)..............................................................

9902.04.58

1/

1,1'-[1,3-Phenylenebis(methylene)]bis(3-methyl-1H-pyr-
role-2,5-dione) (CAS No. 119462-56-5) (provided for in
subheading 2925.19.42)..............................................................

9902.04.59

1/

1-Dodecylguanidine acetate (Dodine) (CAS No. 2439-10-3)
(provided for in subheading 2925.19.91) ..................................

9902.04.60

1/

1,1'-(1,3-Phenylene)bis(1H-pyrrole-2,5-dione) (CAS No.
3006-93-7) (provided for in subheading 2925.19.91)..............

9902.04.61

1/

1,3-Diphenylguanidine (CAS No. 102-06-7) (provided for in
subheading 2925.29.60) .............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

3.9%

No change

No change

4.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.04.62

1/

Pentyl [2-chloro-5-(1,3-dioxo-1,3,4,5,6,7-hexahydro-2H-
isoindol-2-yl)-4-fluorophenoxy]acetate (Flumiclorac pentyl
ester) (CAS No. 87546-18-7) (provided in subheading
2925.29.60)...................................................................................

9902.04.63

1/

Creatine (N-carbamimidoyl-N-methylglycine) (CAS No.
57-00-1) (provided for in subheading 2925.29.90) ..................

9902.04.64

1/

N-Carbamimidoylglycine (Guanidinoacetic acid) (CAS No.
352-97-6) (provided for in subheading 2925.29.90)................

9902.04.65

1/

2,4,5,6-Tetrachloroisophthalonitrile (Chlorothalonil) (CAS No.
1897-45-6) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.21)..............

9902.04.66

1/

2-Methoxyethyl 2-cyano-2-[4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phe-
nyl]-3-oxo-3-[2-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]propanoate
(Cyflumetafen) (CAS No. 400882-07-7) (provided for in
subheading 2926.90.25)..............................................................

9902.04.67

1/

2,6-Dibromo-4-cyanophenyl octanoate (Bromoxynil octanoate)
(CAS No. 1689-99-2) (provided for in subheading
2926.90.25)...................................................................................

9902.04.68

1/

2,6-Dibromo-4-cyanophenyl heptanoate (Bromoxynil
heptanoate) (CAS No. 56634-95-8) (provided for in subheading
2926.90.25)...................................................................................

9902.04.69

1/

Butyl (2R)-2-[4-(4-cyano-2-fluorophenoxy)phenoxy]propanoate
(Cyhalofop-butyl) (CAS No. 122008-85-9) (provided for in
subheading 2926.90.25)..............................................................

9902.04.70

1/

(RS)-α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl(1RS,3RS;1RS,3SR)-3-
(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate
(β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No. 68359-37-5) (provided for in
subheading 2926.90.30)..............................................................

9902.04.71

1/

(S)-α-Cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1R,3R)-3-
(2,2-dibromovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate
(Deltamethrin) (CAS No. 52918-63-5) (provided for in
subheading 2926.90.30)..............................................................

9902.04.72

1/

Cyano(4-fluoro-3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl
3-(2,2-dichloroethenyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate
(Cyfluthrin, excluding β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No. 68359-37-5)
(provided for in subheading 2926.90.30)...................................

9902.04.73

1/

Cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl 3-(2,2-dichloroethenyl)-
2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (Cypermethrin) (CAS
No. 52315-07-8) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30)......

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

5.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

3.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 27

Effective
Period

(S)-Cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl(S)-4-chloro-α-(1-meth-
ylethyl)benzeneacetate (Esfenvalerate) (CAS No. 66230-04-4)
(provided for in subheading 2926.90.30)...................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.04.74

1/

9902.04.75

1/

(R)-α-Cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl (1S,3S)-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2
dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate and
(S)-α-cyano-3-phenoxybenzyl
(1R)-cis-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecar-
boxylate isomers (α-cypermethrin technical) (CAS No.
67375-30-8) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30)............

9902.04.76

1/

(S)-Cyano-(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl (+)cis-3-(2,2
-dichloroetheny1)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate and
(S)-cyano-(3-phenoxyphenyl)methyl
(+)trans-3-(2,2-dichloroetheny1)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecar-
boxylate (Zeta-cypermethrin) (CAS No. 1315501-18-8)
(provided for in subheading 2926.90.30)...................................

9902.04.78

1/

α-Cyano-3-phenoxyphenyl
2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (Fenpropathrin)
(CAS No. 39515-41-8) (provided in subheading
2926.90.30)...................................................................................

9902.04.79

1/

1,2 Dicyanobenzene (phthalodinitrile) (CAS No. 91-15-6)
(provided for in subheading 2926.90.43)...................................

9902.04.80

1/

2, 2-Diphenylacetonitrile (CAS No. 86-29-3) (provided for in
subheading 2926.90.48)..............................................................

9902.04.81

1/

Isophthalonitrile (1,3-dicyanobenzene) (CAS No. 626-17-5)
(as provided for in subheading 2926.90.48)..............................

9902.04.82

1/

3,4-Difluorobenzonitrile (CAS No. 64248-62-0) (provided for
in subheading 2926.90.48)..........................................................

9902.04.83

1/

4-[(4-Aminophenyl)azo]-benzenesulfonic acid (CAS No.
104-23-4) (provided for in subheading 2927.00.50)................

9902.04.84

1/

N-(3,5-Dimethylbenzoyl)-3-methoxy-2-methyl-N-(2-methyl-2-
propanyl)benzohydrazide (Methoxyfenozide) (CAS No.
161050-58-4) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.25)..........

9902.04.85

1/

Isopropyl 3-(4-methoxybiphenyl-3-yl)carbazate (Bifenazate)
(CAS No. 149877-41-8) (provided for in subheading
2928.00.25)...................................................................................

9902.04.86

1/

Methyl (E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-(α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)
ethylideneaminooxy]-o-tolyl}acetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No.
141517-21-7) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.25)..........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.04.87

1/

(1Z)-N-{(Z)-[(Cyclopropylmethoxy)imino][2,3-difluoro-6-(trifluor-
omethyl)phenyl]methyl}-2-phenylethanimidic acid
(Cyflufenamid) (CAS No. 180409-60-3) (provided for in
subheading 2928.00.25)..............................................................

9902.04.88

1/

N-(4-Ethylbenzoyl)-3,5-dimethyl-N-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)ben-
zohydrazide (Tebufenozide) (CAS No. 112410-23-8) (provided
for in subheading 2928.00.25)....................................................

9902.04.89

1/

Carbonohydrazide (CAS No. 497-18-7) (provided for in
subheading 2928.00.50)..............................................................

9902.04.90

1/

2-(N-Ethoxypropanimidoyl)-3-hydroxy-5-mesityl-2-cyclohexen-1-one
(tralkoxydim) (CAS No. 87820-88-0) (provided for in
subheading 2928.00.50)..............................................................

9902.04.91

1/

4-(2,2-Dimethylhydrazinyl)-4-oxobutanoic acid (Daminozide)
(CAS No. 1596-84-5) (provided for in subheading
2928.00.50)...................................................................................

9902.04.92

1/

Aminoguanidine bicarbonate (CAS No. 2582-30-1) (provided
for in subheading 2928.00.50) ...................................................

9902.04.93

1/

Adipic dihydrazide (Hexanedihydrazide) (CAS No. 1071-93-8)
(provided for in subheading 2928.00.50)...................................

9902.04.94

1/

Bitolylene diisocyanate (3,3'-dimethylbiphenyl-4,4'-diyl
diisocyanate ) (CAS No. 91-97-4) (provided for in subheading
2929.10.20)...................................................................................

9902.04.95

1/

4-Chlorophenyl isocyanate (CAS No.104-12-1) (provided for
in subheading 2929.10.80)..........................................................

9902.04.96

1/

Phenyl isocyanate (CAS No. 103-71-9) (provided for in
subheading 2929.10.80)..............................................................

9902.04.97

1/

Ethyl [4-chloro-2-fluoro-5-[[[[methyl(1-methylethyl)a-
mino]sulfonyl]amino]carbonyl]phenyl]carbamate (CAS No.
874909-61-2) (provided for in subheading 2929.90.15)..........

9902.04.98

1/

N-Butylthiophosphoric triamide (CAS No. 94317-64-3)
(provided in subheading 2929.90.50)........................................

9902.04.99

1/

S-4-Chlorobenzyl diethylcarbamothioate (Thiobencarb) (CAS
No. 28249-77-6) (provided in subheading 2930.20.10)...........

9902.05.01

1/

S-Ethyl dipropyl(thiocarbamate) (EPTC) (CAS No. 759-94-4)
(provided for in subheading 2930.20.90)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

5.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 29

Effective
Period

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

6.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

5.7%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.05.02

1/

O,O-Dimethyl S-phthalimidomethyl phosphorodithioate
(Phosmet) (CAS No. 732-11-6) (provided for in subheading
2930.90.10)...................................................................................

9902.05.03

1/

2-[4-(Methylsulfonyl)-2-nitrobenzoyl]-1,3-cyclohexanedione
(Mesotrione) (CAS No. 104206-82-8) (provided for in
subheading 2930.90.10)..............................................................

9902.05.04

1/

O-4-Bromo-2-chlorophenyl O-ethyl S-propyl phosphorothioate
(Profenofos) (CAS 41198-08-7) (provided for in 2930.90.10).

9902.05.05

1/

2-[1-({[(2E)-3-Chloro-2-propen-1-yl]oxy}amino)propyli-
dene]-5-[2-(ethylsulfanyl)propyl]-1,3-cyclohex- anedione
(Clethodim) (CAS No. 99129-21-2) (provided for in subheading
2930.90.10) ..................................................................................

9902.05.06

1/

Dimethyl (1,2-phenylenedicarbamothioyl)biscarbamate
(Thiophanate methyl) (CAS No. 23564-05-8) (provided for in
subheading 2930.90.10)..............................................................

9902.05.07

1/

2-Chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)-3-((2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)methyl)
benzoic acid (CAS No. 120100-77-8) (provided for in
subheading 2930.90.29)..............................................................

9902.05.08

1/

2-(Methylthio)-4-(trifluoromethyl)benzoic acid (MTBA) (CAS
No. 142994-05-6) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29)....

9902.05.09

1/

Disodium
2,2'-[biphenyl-4,4'-diyldiethene-2,1-diyl]dibenzenesulfonate
(CAS No. 27344-41-8) (provided for in subheading
2930.90.29)...................................................................................

9902.05.10

1/

4,6-Bis(octylthiomethyl)-o-cresol (CAS No. 110553-27-0)
(provided for in subheading 2930.90.29)...................................

9902.05.11

1/

4,4'-Sulfanediylbis[5-methyl-2-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenol]
(CAS No. 96-69-5) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29)..

9902.05.12

1/

1-(Octadecyldisulfanyl)octadecane (CAS No. 2500-88-1)
(provided for in subheading 2930.90.29)...................................

9902.05.13

1/

2,2'-Sulfanediylbis[4-methyl-6-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenol]
(CAS No. 90-66-4) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29)..

9902.05.14

1/

Dichlorodiphenylsulfone (CAS 80-07-9) (provided for in
subheading 2930.90.29)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.05.15

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

3.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

5.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.2%

No change

No change

2.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Methyl (1E)-N-[methyl-[methyl-[(E)-1-methyl-
sulfanylethylideneamino]oxycarbonylamino]sulfanyl-
carbamoyl]oxyethanimidothioate (Thiodicarb) (CAS No.
59669-26-0) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.43)............

9902.05.16

1/

O,S-Dimethyl acetylphosphoramidothioate (Acephate) (CAS
No. 30560-19-1) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.43)......

9902.05.17

1/

S,S-Di-sec-butyl O-ethyl phosphorodithioate (Cadusafos) (CAS
No. 95465-99-9) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.43)......

9902.05.18

1/

Methyl (1E)-N-[(methylcarbamoyl)oxy]ethanimidothioate
(Methomyl) (CAS No. 16752-77-5) (provided for in subheading
2930.90.43) ..................................................................................

9902.05.19

1/

2-[(Trichloromethyl)sulfanyl]-3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-1H-isoin-
dole-1,3(2H)-dione (Captan) (CAS No. 133-06-2) (provided
for in subheading 2930.90.43) ...................................................

9902.05.20

1/

Thiourea dioxide (Amino(imino)methanesulfinic acid) (CAS
No. 1758-73-2) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.49).......

9902.05.21

1/

Thioglycolic acid (Sulfanylacetic acid) (CAS No. 68-11-1)
(provided for in subheading 2930.90.49) ..................................

9902.05.22

1/

2-Mercaptoethanol (CAS No. 60-24-2) (provided for in
subheading 2930.90.91)..............................................................

9902.05.23

1/

3-{[3-(Dodecylsulfanyl)propanoyl]oxy}-2,2-bis({[3-(dodecylsulfanyl)pro-
panoyl]oxy}methyl)propyl 3-(dodecylsulfanyl)propanoate) (CAS
No. 29598-76-3) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.91)......

9902.05.24

1/

2-Mercaptoethanol (2-sulfanylethanol) (CAS No. 60-24-2)
(provided for in subheading 2930.90.91)...................................

9902.05.25

1/

Di-tert-nonyl polysulfide (CAS No. 68425-16-1) (provided for
in subheading 2930.90.91)..........................................................

9902.05.26

1/

Allyl isothiocyanate (CAS No. 57-06-7) (provided for in
subheading 2930.90.91)..............................................................

9902.05.27

1/

3-[Butoxy(methyl)phosphoryl]-1-cyanopropyl acetate (CAS
No. 167004-78-6) (provided for in subheading 2931.39.00)....

9902.05.28

1/

Butyl methylphosphinate (CAS No. 6172-80-1) (provided for
in subheading 2931.39.00)..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.05.29

1/

Article Description

2,2'-[(Phosphonomethyl)imino]diacetic acid hydrate (1:1) (CAS
No. 5994-61-6) (provided for in subheading 2931.39.00) ......

9902.05.30

1/

Triphenyl phosphine (CAS No. 603-35-0) (provided for in
subheading 2931.39.00)..............................................................

9902.05.31

1/

Bis[tris(2-methyl-2-phenylpropyl)tin]oxide (Fenbutatin oxide)
(CAS No. 13356-08-6) (provided for in subheading
2931.90.26)...................................................................................

9902.05.32

1/

Triphenyltin hydroxide (CAS No. 76-87-9) (provided for in
subheading 2931.90.26)..............................................................

9902.05.33

1/

(Triethoxysilyl)methyl anthracene-9-carboxylate (CAS No.
313482-99-4) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.30)..........

9902.05.34

1/

4-Chloro-2-fluoro-3-methoxyphenylboronic acid (CAS No.
944129-07-1) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.30)..........

9902.05.35

1/

Phenylphosphinic acid (CAS No. 1779-48-2) (provided for in
subheading 2931.90.60)..............................................................

9902.05.36

1/

(4-Morpholinylmethylene)bis(phosphonic acid) (CAS No.
32545-75-8) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.60)............

9902.05.37

1/

Ammonium (2RS)-2-amino-4-(methylphosphinato)butyric acid
(Glufosinate Ammonium) (CAS No. 77182-82-2) (provided for
in subheading 2931.39.00)..........................................................

9902.05.38

1/

Sodium hydrogen methylarsonate (CAS No. 2163-80-6)
(provided for in subheading 2931.90.90)...................................

9902.05.39

1/

Tetrakis(hydroxymethyl)phosphonium chloride (CAS No.
124-64-1) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90)................

9902.05.40

1/

Tetrakis(hydroxymethyl)phosphonium sulfate (CAS No.
55566-30-8) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90)............

9902.05.41

1/

N-(Phosphonomethyl)glycine (Glyphosate) (CAS No.
1071-83-6) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90)..............

9902.05.42

1/

Bis[(2,2-dimethyloctanoyl)oxy](dimethyl)stannane (CAS No.
68928-76-7) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90)............

9902.05.43

1/

(2-Chloroethyl)phosphonic acid (Ethephon) (CAS
No.16672-87-0) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90)......

9902.05.44

1/

Dimethyl, methyl (polyethylene oxide acetate-capped) siloxane
(CAS No. 70914-12-4) (provided for in subheading
2931.90.90)...................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

2.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.1%2/

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 31

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Information received from U.S. Customs and Border Protection indicates that the product named in this heading may now be classified
in subheading 2931.39.00, as a result of international tariff changes. Consult Customs officials concerning the use of this duty reduction
provision.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.05.45

1/

2-Methyl-1-nitro-3-(tetrahydro-2-furanylmethyl)guanidine
(Dinotefuran) (CAS No. 165252-70-0) (provided for in
subheading 2932.19.51)..............................................................

9902.05.46

1/

3,6-Anhydro-1-O-octanoylhexitol (sorbitan caprylate) (CAS
No. 60177-36-8) (provided for in subheading 2932.19.51)......

9902.05.47

1/

O-(3-Chloro-4-methyl-2-oxo-2H-chromen-7-yl) O,O-diethyl
phosphorothioate (Coumaphos) (CAS No. 56-72-4) (provided
for in subheading 2932.20.10)....................................................

9902.05.48

1/

3-Mesityl-2-oxo-1-oxaspiro[4.4]non-3-en-4-yl
3,3-dimethylbutyrate (Spiromesifen) (CAS No. 283594-90-1)
(provided for in subheading 2932.20.10)...................................

9902.05.49

1/

3-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-2-oxo-1-oxaspiro[4.5] dec-3-en-4-yl
2,2-dimethylbutanoate (Spirodiclofen) (CAS No. 148477-71-8)
(provided for in subheading 2932.20.10)...................................

9902.05.50

1/

4-Hydroxy-3-(3-(4'-bromo-4-biphenylyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naph-
thyl)coumarin (Brodifacoum) (CAS No. 56073-10-0) (provided
for in subheading 2932.20.10)....................................................

9902.05.51

1/

(4''R)-4''-Deoxy-4''-(methylamino)avermectin b1 benzoate
(CAS No. 155569-91-8) (provided for in subheading
3824.99.92 or 2932.20.50)..........................................................

9902.05.52

1/

Mixtures of gibberellic acid (CAS No. 77-06-5), gibberellin A4
(CAS No. 468-44-0) and gibberellin A7 (CAS No. 510-75-8)
(provided for in subheading 2932.20.50) ..................................

9902.05.53

1/

Erythorbic acid
((5R)-5-[(1R)-1,2-dihydroxyethyl]-3,4-dihydroxy-2(5H)-furanone)
(CAS No. 89-65-6) (provided for in subheading 2932.20.50)..

9902.05.54

1/

Sodium erythorbate (sodium (2R)-2-[(2R)-4,5-dihydroxy-
3-oxo-2,3-dihydro-2-furanyl]-2-hydroxyethanolate) (CAS No.
6381-77-7) (provided for in subheading 2932.20.50)..............

9902.05.55

1/

(RS)-2-Ethoxy-2,3-dihydro-3,3-dimethylbenzofuran-5-yl
methanesulfonate (Ethofumesate) (CAS No. 26225-79-6)
(provided for in subheading 2932.99.08)...................................

9902.05.56

1/

2,2-Dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-7-yl
[(dibutylamino)sulfanyl]methylcarbamate (Carbosulfan
Technical) (CAS No. 55285-14-8) (provided for in subheading
2932.99.20)...................................................................................

9902.05.57

1/

3-(1,3-Benzodioxol-5-yl)-2-methylpropanal (Helional) (CAS
No. 1205-17-0) (provided for in subheading 2932.99.70).......

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.9%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 33

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.05.58

1/

Reaction mixture of
(rel-2R,4R)-tetrahydro-4-methyl-2-(2-methylpropyl)-2H-pyran-4-ol
and
(rel-2R,4S)-tetrahydro-4-methyl-2-(2-methylpropyl)-2H-pyran-4-ol
(CAS No. 63500-71-0) (provided for in subheading
2932.99.90)...................................................................................

9902.05.59

1/

(2-Isobutyl-2-methyl-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl)methanol (CAS No.
5660-53-7) (provided for in subheading 2932.99.90)..............

9902.05.60

1/

6-Isopropyl-9-methyl-1,4-dioxaspiro[4.5]decane-2-methanol
(Menthone glyceryl ketal) (CAS No. 63187-91-7) (provided for
in subheading 2932.99.90)..........................................................

9902.05.61

1/

tert-Butyl
(E)-α-(1,3-dimethyl-5-phenoxypyrazol-4-ylmethyleneamino
oxy)-p-toluate (Fenpyroximate (ISO)) (CAS No. 134098-61-6)
(provided for in subheading 2933.19.23)...................................

9902.05.62

1/

1-(3-Chloro-4,5,6,7-tetrahydropyrazolo[1,5-a]pyridin-2-yl)-5-
[methyl(prop-2-ynyl)amino]pyrazole-4-carbonitrile (Pyraclonil)
(CAS No. 158353-15-2) (provided for in subheading
2933.19.23)...................................................................................

9902.05.63

1/

Ethyl 2-chloro-5-(4-chloro-5-difluoromethoxy-1-methyl-1H-pyra-
zol-3-yl)-4-fluorophenoxyacetate (Pyraflufen-ethyl) (CAS. No
129630-19-9) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23)..........

9902.05.64

1/

4-Chloro-3-ethyl-1-methyl-N-[4-(p-tolyloxy)benzyl]
pyrazole-5-carboxamide (Tolfenpyrad) (CAS No. 129558-76-5)
(provided for in subheading 2933.19.23)...................................

9902.05.65

1/

5-Fluoro-1,3-dimethyl-N-[2-(4-methylpentan-2-yl)phe-
nyl]-1H-pyrazole-4-carboxamide (CAS No. 494793-67-8)
(provided for in subheading 2933.19.23)...................................

9902.05.66

1/

(RS)-5-Amino-1-[2,6-dichloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phe-
nyl]-4-(trifluoromethysulfinyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carbonitrile
(Fipronil) (CAS No. 120068-37-3) (provided for in subheading
2933.19.23) ..................................................................................

9902.05.67

1/

Methyl N-(2-[[1-(4-chlorophenyl)pyrazol-3-yl]oxymethyl]-
phenyl)-(N-methoxy)carbamate (Pyraclostrobin) (CAS No.
175013-18-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23)..........

9902.05.68

1/

N-[2-(2-Cyclopropylcyclopropyl)phenyl]-3-(difluoromethyl)-
1-methylpyrazole-4-carboxamide (Sedaxane) (CAS No.
874967-67-6) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23)..........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.4%

No change

No change

6.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 34

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.05.69

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

4.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

5.7%

No change

No change

2.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

N-[9-(Dichloromethylidene)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1,4-methano-
naphthalen-5-yl]-3-(difluoromethyl)-1-methyl-1H-pyrazole-4-carboxamide
(Benzovindiflupyr) (CAS No. 1072957-71-1) (provided for in
subheading 2933.19.23)..............................................................

9902.05.70

1/

S-Allyl 5-amino-2-isopropyl-4-(2-methylphenyl)-3-oxo-2,3-
dihydro-1H-pyrazole-1-carbothioate (Fenpyrazamine) (CAS
No. 473798-59-3) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.23)....

9902.05.71

1/

1-[[1-ethyl-4-[3-(2-methoxyethoxy)-2-methyl-4-(methylsul-
fonyl)benzoyl]-1H-pyrazol-5-yl]oxy]ethyl methyl carbonate
(Tolpyralate) (CAS No. 1101132-67-5) (provided for in
subheading 2933.19.23)..............................................................

9902.05.72

1/

3-(Difluoromethyl)-1-methyl-N-(3',4',5'-trifluorobiphe-
nyl-2-yl)pyrazole-4-carboxamide (Fluxapyroxad) (CAS No.
907204-31-3) (provided for in subheading 2933.19.37)..........

9902.05.73

1/

3-(3,5-Dichlorophenyl)-N-isopropyl-2,4-dioxoimidazoli-
dine-1-carboxamide (Iprodione) (CAS No. 36734-19-7)
(provided for in subheading 2933.21.00)...................................

9902.05.74

1/

(E)-4-Chloro-α,α,α-trifluoro-N-(1-imidazol-1-yl-2-
propoxyethylidene)-o-toluidine (Triflumizole) (CAS No.
99387-89-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.29.35)............

9902.05.75

1/

(S)-1-Anilino-4-methyl-2-methylthio-4-phenylimidazolin-5-one
(Fenamidone) (CAS No. 161326-34-7) (provided for in
subheading 2933.29.35)..............................................................

9902.05.76

1/

4-Chloro-1-(dimethylaminosulfonyl)-5-(p-tolyl)imida-
zole-2-carbonitrile (Cyazofamid) (CAS No. 120116-88-3)
(provided for in subheading 2933.29.43)...................................

9902.05.77

1/

Creatinine (2-amino-1-methyl-1,5-dihydro-4H-imidazol-4-one)
(CAS No. 60-27-5) (provided for in subheading 2933.29.90)..

9902.05.78

1/

Bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidyl) sebacate (CAS No.
52829-07-9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.20)............

9902.05.79

1/

2,6-Dichloro-N-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)-2-
pyridylmethyl]benzamide (Fluopicolide) (CAS No.
239110-15-7) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.21)..........

9902.05.80

1/

N-[2-[3-Chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-
(trifluoromethyl)benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No.
658066-35-4) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.21)..........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 35

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.05.81

1/

2-Chloro-N-(4'-chloro-biphenyl-2-yl)-nicotinamide (Boscalid)
(CAS No. 188425-85-6) (provided for in subheading
2933.39.21)...................................................................................

9902.05.82

1/

N-[1-(4-Isopropoxy-2-methylphenyl)-2-methyl-1-oxopropan-
2-yl]-3-methylthiophene-2-carboxamide (Isofetamid) (CAS No.
875915-78-9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.21)..........

9902.05.83

1/

3-Chloro-N-[3-chloro-2,6-dinitro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-
5-(trifluoromethyl)-2-pyridinamine (Fluazinam) (CAS No.
79622-59-6) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.21)............

9902.05.84

1/

(5-chloro-2-methoxy-4-methyl-3-pyridyl)(4,5,6-trimethoxy-o-
tolyl)methanone (Pyriofenone) (CAS No. 688046-61-9)
(provided for in subheading 2933.39.21) and any formulations
containing such compound (provided for in subheading
3808.92.15)...................................................................................

9902.05.85

1/

o-Paraquat dichloride (CAS No. 1910-42-5) (provided for in
subheading 2933.39.23)..............................................................

9902.05.86

1/

5-Ethyl-2-[(RS)-4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-2-
imidazolin-2-yl]nicotinic acid (Imazethapyr) (CAS No.
81335-77-5) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25)............

9902.05.87

1/

1-Methyl-3-phenyl-5-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-4(1H)-pyridinone
(Fluridone) (CAS No. 59756-60-4) (provided for in subheading
2933.39.25)...................................................................................

9902.05.88

1/

4-Hydroxy-3-[[2-[(2-methoxyethoxy)methyl]-6-(trifluor-
omethyl)-3-pyridinyl]carbonyl]bicyclo[3.2.1]oct- 3-en-2-one
(Bicyclopyrone) (CAS No. 352010-68-5) (provided for in
subheading 2933.39.25)..............................................................

9902.05.89

1/

3,6-Dichloro-2-pyridinecarboxylic acid (CAS No. 1702-17-6)
(provided for in subheading 2933.39.25)...................................

9902.05.90

1/

4-Amino-3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinecarboxylic acid (CAS No.
1918-02-1)(provided for in subheading 2933.39.25)...............

9902.05.91

1/

2-Propyn-1-yl (2R)-2-{4-[(5-chloro-3-fluoro-2-
pyridinyl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoate (Clodinafop-propargyl) (CAS
No. 105512-06-9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25)....

9902.05.92

1/

4-Amino-3,6-dichloro-2-pyridinecarboxylic acid (Aminopyralid)
(CAS No. 150114-71-9) (provided for in subheading
2933.39.25)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

5.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.0%

No change

No change

2.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.0%

No change

No change

1.4%

No change

No change

4.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

[(3,5,6-Trichloro-2-pyridinyl)oxy]acetic acid (Triclopyr) (CAS
No. 55335-06-3) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25)......

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

XXII
99 - II - 36

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.05.93

1/

9902.05.94

1/

2-Octanyl
[(4-amino-3,5-dichloro-6-fluoro-2-pyridinyl)oxy]acetate
(Fluroxypyr-meptyl) (CAS No. 81406-37-3) (provided for in
subheading 2933.39.25)..............................................................

9902.05.95

1/

Methyl 4-amino-3-chloro-6-(4-chloro-2-fluoro-3-methoxy-
phenyl)-2-pyridinecarboxylate (Halauxifen-methyl) (CAS No.
943831-98-9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25)..........

9902.05.96

1/

1,1-Dimethylpiperidinium chloride (Mepiquat chloride) (CAS
No. 24307-26-4) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27)......

9902.05.97

1/

N-[1-[(6-Chloropyridin-3-yl)methyl]-4,5-dihydroimidazol-
2-yl]nitramide (Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261-41-3) (provided
for in subheading 2933.39.27)....................................................

9902.05.98

1/

1-Methylpropyl 2-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperidine-1-carboxylate
(CAS No.119515-38-7) (provided for in subheading
2933.39.27)...................................................................................

9902.05.99

1/

(E)-N1-[(6-Chloro-3-pyridyl)methyl]-N2-cyano-N1-
methyl-acetamidine (Acetamiprid) (CAS No. 135410-20-7)
(provided for in subheading 2933.39.27)...................................

9902.06.01

1/

2-Chloro-6-(trichloromethyl)pyridine (CAS No. 1929-82-4)
(provided for in subheading 2933.39.27)...................................

9902.06.02

1/

Copper(2+) bis(2-pyridinethiolate 1-oxide) (CAS No.
14915-37-8) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27)............

9902.06.03

1/

2-(3-{2,6-Dichloro-4-[(3,3-dichloro-2-propen-
1-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propoxy)-5-(trifluor- omethyl)pyridine
(Pyridalyl) (CAS No. 179101-81-6) (provided for in subheading
2933.39.27)...................................................................................

9902.06.04

1/

2-{[1-(4-Phenoxyphenoxy)-2-propanyl]oxy}pyridine
(Pyriproxyfen) (CAS No. 95737-68-1)(provided for in
subheading 2933.39.27)..............................................................

9902.06.05

1/

Methyl {(2S,3R)-1-[(2S)-2-{5-[(2R,5R)-1-{3,5-difluoro-
4-[4-(4-fluorophenyl)-1-piperidinyl]phenyl}-5-(6-
fluoro-2-{(2S)-1-[N-(methoxycarbonyl)-O-methyl-L-threonyl]-
2-pyrrolidinyl}-1H-benzimidazol-5-yl)-
2-pyrrolidinyl]-6-fluoro-1H-benzimidazol-2-yl}-1-
pyrrolidinyl]-3-methoxy-1-oxo-2-butanyl}carbamate
(Pibrentasvir) (CAS No. 1353900-92-1) (provided for in
subheading 2933.39.41)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 37

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.06.06

1/

(2S,5R)-7-Oxo-N-(piperidin-4-yl)-6-(sulfooxy)-1,6-diaza-
bicyclo[3.2.1]octane-2-carboxamide (CAS No.1174018-99-5)
(provided for in subheading 2933.39.41)...................................

9902.06.07

1/

2,3-Dichloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridine (CAS No. 69045-84-7)
(provided for in subheading 2933.39.61)...................................

9902.06.08

1/

2-Acetylnicotinic acid (CAS No. 89942-59-6) (provided for in
subheading 2933.39.61)..............................................................

9902.06.09

1/

Bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-1-octyloxy-4-piperidyl) sebacate (CAS
No. 129757-67-1) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61)....

9902.06.10

1/

5-Methylmethoxypyridine-2,3-dicarboxylic acid (CAS No.
143382-03-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61)..........

9902.06.11

1/

Dimethyl 5-methylpyridine-2,3-dicarboxylate (CAS No.
112110-16-4) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61)..........

9902.06.12

1/

5-Methylpyridine-2,3-dicarboxylic acid (CAS No. 53636-65-0)
(provided for in subheading 2933.39.61)...................................

9902.06.13

1/

2,3-Pyridinedicarboxylic acid (CAS No. 89-00-9) (provided for
in subheading 2933.39.61)..........................................................

9902.06.14

1/

N,N'-1,6-Hexanediylbis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidine-
carboxamide (CAS No. 124172-53-8) (provided for in
subheading 2933.39.61)..............................................................

9902.06.15

1/

Bis(1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-piperidyl)sebacate (CAS No.
41556-26-7) and methyl 1,2,2,6,6-pentamethyl-4-piperidyl
sebacate (CAS No. 82919-37-7) (provided for in subheading
2933.39.61)...................................................................................

9902.06.16

1/

N,N'-Bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)isophthalamide (CAS
No. 42774-15-2) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61)......

9902.06.17

1/

3-Dodecyl-1-(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)-2,5-pyr-
rolidinedione (CAS No. 79720-19-7) (provided for in
subheading 2933.39.61)..............................................................

9902.06.18

1/

1-(1-Acetyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)-3-dodecyl-
2,5-pyrrolidinedione (CAS No. 106917-31-1) (provided for in
subheading 2933.39.61)..............................................................

9902.06.19

1/

2-Methoxy-4-(trifluoromethyl)pyridine (CAS No. 219715-34-1)
(provided for in subheading 2933.39.61)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

2.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.8%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 38

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.06.20

1/

2-Cyanopyridine (2-Pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 100-70-9)
(provided for in subheading 2933.39.91)...................................

9902.06.21

1/

N-Butyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-amine (CAS No.
36177-92-1) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.91)............

9902.06.22

1/

Ethoxyquin (1,2-dihydro-6-ethoxy-2,2,4-trimethylquinoline)
(CAS No. 91-53-2) (provided for in subheading 2933.49.10)..

9902.06.23

1/

3,7-Dichloro-8-quinolinecarboxylic acid (Quinclorac) (CAS No.
84087-01-4) (provided for in subheading 2933.49.30)............

9902.06.24

1/

1-Methylhexyl [(5-chloroquinolin-8-yl)oxy]acetate
(Cloquintocet-mexyl) (CAS No. 99607-70-2) (provided for in
subheading 2933.49.60)..............................................................

9902.06.25

1/

(5-Chloro-8-quinolyloxy)acetic acid (Cloquintocet) (CAS No.
88349-88-6) (provided for in subheading 2933.49.60)............

9902.06.26

1/

2-Methylquinoline (Quinaldine) (CAS No. 91-63-4) (provided
for in subheading 2933.49.70)....................................................

9902.06.27

1/

(2-Methyl-1-oxo-1-prop-2-enoxypropan-2-yl)
2-chloro-5-[3-methyl-2,6-dioxo-4-(trifluoro-
methyl)pyrimidin-1-yl]benzoate (Butafenacil) (CAS No.
134605-64-4) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.10)..........

9902.06.28

1/

3-tert-Butyl-5-chloro-6-methyluracil (Terbacil) (CAS No.
5902-51-2) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.10)..............

9902.06.29

1/

Sodium 2,6-bis[(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)oxy]benzoate
(Bispyribac-sodium) (CAS No. 125401-92-5) (provided for in
subheading 2933.59.10)..............................................................

9902.06.30

1/

Methyl (2E)-2-(2-{[6-(2-cyanophenoxy)pyrimidin-4-
yl]oxy}phenyl)-3-methoxyacrylate (Azoxystrobin) (CAS No.
131860-33-8) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.15)..........

9902.06.31

1/

4-Cyclopropyl-6-methyl-N-phenylpyrimidin-2-amine (Cyprodinil)
(CAS No. 121552-61-2) (provided for in subheading
2933.59.15)...................................................................................

9902.06.32

1/

N-(4,6-Dimethylpyrimidin-2-yl)aniline (Pyrimethanil) (CAS No.
53112-28-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.15)............

9902.06.33

1/

N-Benzyl-3H-purin-6-amine (Benzyladenine) (CAS
No.1214-39-7) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.15)........

9902.06.34

1/

5-Ethyl-6-octyl[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine
(Ametoctradin) (CAS No. 865318-97-4) (provided for in
subheading 2933.59.15)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

2.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

6.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.06.35

1/

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

5-Bromo-3-sec-butyl-6-methyluracil (Bromacil) (CAS No.
314-40-9) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.18)................

1/

Free

No change

No change

9902.06.36

1/

O-(2-Diethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4-yl) O,O-dimethyl
phosphorothioate (Pirimiphos-methyl) (CAS No. 29232-93-7)
(provided for in subheading 2933.59.18)...................................

9902.06.37

1/

6-Amino-5-chloro-2-cyclopropyl-pyrimidine-4-carboxylic acid
(Aminocyclopyrachlor) (CAS No. 858956-08-8) (provided for
in subheading 2933.59.18)..........................................................

9902.06.38

1/

{(4S)-8-Fluoro-2-[4-(3-methoxyphenyl)-1-pipera-
zinyl]-3-[2-methoxy-5-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-
3,4-dihydro-4-quinazolinyl}acetic acid (CAS No. 917389-32-3)
(provided for in subheading 2933.59.36)...................................

9902.06.39

1/

3-[(1S,2S)-2-Hydroxycyclohexyl]-6-[(6-methyl-3-
pyridinyl)methyl]benzo[h]quinazolin-4(3H)-one (CAS
No.1227923-29-6) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.53)...

9902.06.40

1/

1-Acetyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-[(3-pyridylmethyl)amino]-
6-[1,2,2,2-tetrafluoro-1-(trifluoromethyl) ethyl] quinazolin-2-one
(Pyrifluquinazon) (CAS No. 337458-27-2) (provided for in
subheading 2933.59.70)..............................................................

9902.06.41

1/

2,2'-Disulfanediylbis(5-ethoxy-7-fluoro[1,2,4]tri-
azolo[1,5-c]pyrimidine) (CAS No. 166524-75-0) (provided for
in subheading 2933.59.70)..........................................................

9902.06.42

1/

Phenyl(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)carbamate (CAS No.
89392-03-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.70)............

9902.06.43

1/

1-[2-Fluoro-6-(trifluoromethyl)benzyl]-5-iodo-6-
methyl-2,4(1H,3H)-pyrimidinedione (CAS No. 1150560-54-5)
(provided for in subheading 2933.59.70)...................................

9902.06.44

1/

(RS)-2′-[(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)(hydroxy)methyl]-1,1-
difluoro-6′-(methoxymethyl)methanesulfonanilide (Pyrimisulfan)
(CAS No. 221205-90-9) (provided for in subheading
2933.59.80)...................................................................................

9902.06.45

1/

2,2-Dithiobis(8-fluoro-5-methoxy)-1,2,4-triazolo[1,5-c]
pyrimidine (CAS No. 166524-74-9) (provided for in subheading
2933.59.95)...................................................................................

9902.06.46

1/

Triethylenediamine (1,4-diazabicyclo[2.2.2]octane) (CAS No.
280-57-9) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.95)................

9902.06.47

1/

5,8-Dimethoxy[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-c]pyrimidin-2-amine (CAS
No. 219715-62-5) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.95)....

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 39

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - II - 40

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.06.48

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

4,6-Dimethyl-2-pyrimidinamine (CAS No. 767-15-7) (provided
for in subheading 2933.59.95)....................................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

9902.06.49

1/

2-Amino-5,7-dimethoxy-1,2,4-triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine (ADTP)
(CAS No. 13223-43-3) (provided for in subheading
2933.59.95)...................................................................................

9902.06.50

1/

Cyanuric chloride (2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine) (CAS No.
108-77-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60)................

9902.06.51

1/

4-Amino-6-tert-butyl-3-methylthio-1,2,4-triazin-5(4H)-one
(Metribuzin) (CAS No. 21087-64-9) (provided for in subheading
2933.69.60)...................................................................................

9902.06.52

1/

3-Cyclohexyl-6-dimethylamino-1-methyl-1,3,5-triazine-
2,4(1H,3H)-dione (Hexazinone) (CAS No. 51235-04-2)
(provided for in subheading 2933.69.60)...................................

9902.06.53

1/

6-Methyl-4-{[(1E)-pyridin-3-ylmethylene]amino}-4,5-
dihydro-1,2,4-triazin-3(2H)-one (Pymetrozine) (CAS No.
123312-89-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60)..........

9902.06.54

1/

6-Chloro-4-N-ethyl-2-N-propan-2-yl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine
(Atrazine) (CAS No. 1912-24-9) (provided for in subheading
2933.69.60)...................................................................................

9902.06.55

1/

6-Chloro-2-N,4-N-diethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine (Simazine)
(CAS No. 122-34-9) (provided for in subheading
2933.69.60)...................................................................................

9902.06.56

1/

1,3,5-Triazinane-2,4,6-trione—1,3,5-triazine-2,4,6-triamine
(1:1) (CAS No. 37640-57-6) (provided for in subheading
2933.69.60)...................................................................................

9902.06.57

1/

6-Chloro-2-N,4-N-di(propan-2-yl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine
(Propazine) (CAS No. 139-40-2) (provided for in subheading
2933.69.60)...................................................................................

9902.06.58

1/

N-[(1R,2S)-2,6-Dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl]-6-[(1R)-
1-fluoroethyl]-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine (Indaziflam) (CAS No.
950782-86-2) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60)..........

9902.06.59

1/

2-(4,6-Diphenyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)-5-(hexyloxy)phenol (CAS
No. 147315-50-2) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60)....

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.9%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 41

Effective
Period

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

3.2%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.06.60

1/

2-[4,6-Di(4-biphenylyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]-5-[(2-ethylhexyl)oxy]phenol
(CAS No. 204583-39-1) (provided for in subheading
2933.69.60)...................................................................................

9902.06.61

1/

(4E)-4-(Ethylimino)-N-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)-6-(methylsulfanyl)-
1,4-dihydro-1,3,5-triazin-2-amine (terbutryn) (CAS No.
886-50-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60)................

9902.06.62

1/

1,3,5-Tris(2-hydroxyethyl)-1,3,5-triazinane-2,4,6-trione
(THEIC) (CAS No. 839-90-7) (provided for in subheading
2933.69.60)...................................................................................

9902.06.63

1/

4-Methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-amine (CAS No.
1668-54-8) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60)..............

9902.06.64

1/

4-Methoxy-N,6-dimethyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-amine (CAS No.
5248-39-5) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60)..............

9902.06.65

1/

Triallyl cyanurate (2,4,6-tris(allyloxy)-1,3,5-triazine) (CAS No.
101-37-1) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ...............

9902.06.66

1/

(4Z)-5-(4-Chlorophenyl)-2,2-dimethyl-4-(1H-1,2,4-
triazol-1-yl)-4-hexen-3-ol (Uniconazole-P) (CAS No.
83657-17-4) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60)............

9902.06.67

1/

(5s,8s)-3-(2,5-Dimethylphenyl)-8-methoxy-2-oxo-
1-azaspiro[4.5]dec-3-en-4-yl ethyl carbonate (Spirotetramat)
(CAS No. 203313-25-1) (provided for in subheading
2933.79.08)...................................................................................

9902.06.68

1/

3-Chloro-5-({1-[(4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-
1,2,4-triazol-3-yl)methyl]-2-oxo-4-(trifluoromethyl)-
1,2-dihydro-3-pyridinyl}oxy)benzonitrile (Doravirine INN) (CAS
No. 1338225-97-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.79.08)..

9902.06.69

1/

N,Nʹ-(Methylenedi-p-phenylene)bis[hexahydro-2-
oxo-1H-azepine-1-carboxamide] (CAS No. 54112-23-1)
(provided for in subheading 2933.79.15)...................................

9902.06.70

1/

2-(4-Chlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)hexanenitrile
(myclobutanil) (CAS No. 88671-89-0) (provided for in
subheading 2933.99.06)..............................................................

9902.06.71

1/

4-(4-Chlorophenyl)-2-phenyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-
ylmethyl)butanenitrile (Fenbuconazole) (CAS No. 114369-43-6)
(provided for in subheading 2933.99.06)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 42

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.06.72

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.6%

No change

No change

5.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

4-{2-[4-(2-Methyl-2-propanyl)phenyl]ethoxy}quinazoline
(Fenazaquin) (CAS No. 120928-09-8) (provided for in
subheading 2933.99.17)..............................................................

9902.06.73

1/

3-Bromo-N-[2-bromo-4-chloro-6-[[(1-cyclo-
propylethyl)amino]carbonyl]phenyl]-1-(3-chloro-2-
pyridinyl)-1H-pyrazole-5-carboxamide (Cyclaniliprole) (CAS
No. 1031756-98-5) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.17)..

9902.06.74

1/

2-tert-Butyl-5-(4-tert-butylbenzylthio)-4-
chloropyridazin-3(2H)-one (Pyridaben) (CAS No. 96489-71-3)
(provided for in subheading 2933.99.22)...................................

9902.06.75

1/

1-(4-Chlorophenoxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-2-butanone
(Triadimefon) (CAS No. 43121-43-3) (provided for in
subheading 2933.99.22)..............................................................

9902.06.76

1/

N-(3′,4′-Difluorobiphenyl-2-yl)-3-(trifluoromethyl)pyra-
zine-2-carboxamide (Pyraziflumid) (CAS No. 942515-63-1)
(provided for in subheading 2933.99.22)...................................

9902.06.77

1/

[α-(4-Chlorophenyl)-α-(1-cyclopropylethyl)-1H-1-1,2,4-
triazole-1-ethanol (Cyproconazole) (CAS No. 94361-06-5)
(provided for in subheading 2933.99.22)...................................

9902.06.78

1/

(RS)-1-p-Chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-
ylmethyl)pentan-3-ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534-96-3)
(provided for in subheading 2933.99.22)...................................

9902.06.79

1/

E-5-(4-Chlorobenzylidene)-2,2-dimethyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-
1-ylmethyl)cyclopentanol (Triticonazole) (CAS No.
131983-72-7) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22)..........

9902.06.80

1/

5-[(4-Chlorophenyl)methyl]-2,2-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-
1-ylmethyl)cyclopentan-1-ol (Metconazole) (CAS No.
125116-23-6) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22)..........

9902.06.81

1/

2-[(2RS)-2-(1-Chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydrox-
ypropyl]-2H-1,2,4-triazole-3(4H)-thione (Prothioconazole)
(CAS No. 178928-70-6)(provided for in subheading
2933.99.22)...................................................................................

9902.06.82

1/

(2RS,3RS)-1-(4-Chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-
(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pentan-3-ol (Paclobutrazol) (CAS No.
76738-62-0) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22)............

9902.06.83

1/

Methyl N-(1H-benzimidazol-2-yl)carbamate (Carbendazim)
(CAS No. 10605-21-7) (provided for in subheading
2933.99.22)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 43

Effective
Period

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

0.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.06.84

1/

1-(2-Fluorophenyl)-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-
triazol-1-yl)ethanol (Flutriafol) (CAS no. 76674-21-0) (provided
for in subheading 2933.99.22) ...................................................

9902.06.85

1/

(1R,2S,5R)-2-(4-Chlorobenzyl)-5-isopropyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-
triazol-1-ylmethyl)cyclopentanol (Ipconazole) (CAS No.
125225-28-7) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) .........

9902.06.86

1/

1-[2-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)-
propyl]-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Tetraconazole) (CAS No.
112281-77-3) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) .........

9902.06.87

1/

Ethyl 2-chloro-3-{2-chloro-5-[4-(difluoromethyl)-3-
methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl]-4-
fluorophenyl}propanoate (Carfentrazone-ethyl) (CAS No.
128639-02-1) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.22) and
formulations thereof (provided for in subheading
3808.93.15)...................................................................................

9902.06.88

1/

4-Bromo-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-5-(trifluoromethyl)-1H-pyr-
role-3-carbonitrile (Tralopyril) (CAS No. 122454-29-9)
(provided for in subheading 2933.99.22). .................................

9902.06.89

1/

2-(2H-Benzotriazol-2-yl)-4,6-di-tert-pentylphenol (CAS No.
25973-55-1) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.79)............

9902.06.90

1/

2-(2H-Benzotriazol-2-yl)-4,6-bis(1-methyl-1-phenylethyl)phenol
(CAS No. 70321-86-7) (provided for in subheading
2933.99.79)...................................................................................

9902.06.91

1/

2,5-Dichloro-3,6-bis[(9-ethylcarbazol-3-yl)amino]cyclo-
hexa-2,5-diene-1,4-dione (Dianil) (CAS No. 80546-37-8)
(provided for in subheading 2933.99.79)...................................

9902.06.92

1/

2-[3-(2H-Benzotriazol-2-yl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]ethyl methacrylate
(CAS No. 96478-09-0) (provided for in subheading
2933.99.79)...................................................................................

9902.06.93

1/

2-Phenylbenzimidazole-5-sulfonic acid (Ensulizole) (CAS No.
27503-81-7 ) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.79)...........

9902.06.94

1/

9-Ethyl-9H-carbazol-3-amine (amino ethyl carbazole) (CAS
No. 132-32-1) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.82).........

9902.06.95

1/

1H-Isoindole-1,3(2H)-diimine (1,3 diamino isoindoline) (CAS
No. 3468-11-9) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.82).......

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 44

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.06.96

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

2.8%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.8%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

6.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

3-{[3-(1-Aziridinyl)propanoyl]oxy}-2-({[3-(1-aziridinyl)pro-
panoyl]oxy}methyl)-2-(hydroxymethyl)propyl
3-(1-aziridinyl)propanoate (CAS No. 57116-45-7) (provided
for in subheading 2933.99.97)....................................................

9902.06.97

1/

1H-[1,2,4]Triazole (1,2,4-Triazole) (CAS No. 288-88-0)
(provided for in subheading 2933.99.97)...................................

9902.06.98

1/

5-Amino-1,2-dihydro-3H-1,2,4-triazole-3-thione (CAS
No.16691-43-3) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.97)......

9902.06.99

1/

(4RS,5RS)-5-(4-chlorophenyl)-N-cyclohexyl-4-methyl-2-
oxo-1,3-thiazolidine-3-carboxamide (Hexythiazox) (CAS No.
78587-05-0) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.10)............

9902.07.01

1/

3-[(6-Chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl]-1,3-thiazolidin-2-
ylidenecyanamide (Thiacloprid) (CAS No. 111988-49-9)
(provided for in subheading 2934.10.10)...................................

9902.07.02

1/

Methyl {(2S)-1-[(2S)-2-{5-[(6S)-6-(2-cyclopropyl-1,3-
thiazol-5-yl)-1-fluoro-3-{2-[(2S)-1-{(2S)-2-[(methoxycar-
bonyl)amino]-3-methylbutanoyl}-2-pyrrolidinyl]-1H-imidazol-5-
yl}indolo[1,2-c][1,3]benzoxazin-10-yl]-1H-imidazol-2-yl}-
1-pyrrolidinyl]-3-methyl-1-oxo-2-butanyl}carbamate (Ruzasvir)
(CAS No. 1613081-64-3) (provided for in subheading
2934.10.10)...................................................................................

9902.07.03

1/

(2-{[(1-{1-[(2R,3R)-3-[4-(4-Cyanophenyl)-1,3-thiazol-2-yl]-2-
(2,5-difluorophenyl)-2-hydroxybutyl]-1H-1,2,4-
triazol-4-ium-4-yl}ethoxy)carbonyl](methyl)amino}-3-
pyridinyl)methyl N-methylglycinate hydrogen sulfate
(Isavuconazonium Sulfate) (CAS No. 946075-13-4) (provided
for in subnheading 2934.10.10)..................................................

9902.07.04

1/

4-[(2-bromo-5-chlorophenyl)methyl]-7-chloro-2-(2-cyclopropyl-
1,3-thiazol-5-yl)-5-fluoro-2H-3,1-benzoxazine (CAS No.
1855942-64-1) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.10)........

9902.07.05

1/

6-(2-Cyclopropylthiazol-5-yl)-1-fluoro-3,10-bis(4,4,5,5-tetra-
methyl-1,3,2-dioxaborolan-2-yl)-6H-benzo[5,6][1,3]oxa-
zino[3,4-a]indole (CAS No. 1620545-76-7) (provided for in
subheading 2934.10.10)..............................................................

9902.07.06

1/

(E)-1-(2-Chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-ylmethyl)-3-methyl-2-nitro-
guanidine (Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880-92-5) (provided for
in subheading 2934.10.90)..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 45

Effective
Period

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

2.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.3%

No change

No change

4.6%

No change

No change

5.0%

No change

No change

4.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.07

1/

Thiamethoxam (3-(2-chloro-5-thiazolylmethyl)tetrahydro-5-
methyl-N-nitro-1,3,5-oxadiazin-4-imine) (CAS No.
153719-23-4) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.90)..........

9902.07.08

1/

N-[Cyano(2-thienyl)methyl]-4-ethyl-2-(ethylamino)-1,3-
thiazole-5-carboxamide (Ethaboxam) (CAS No. 162650-77-3)
(provided for in subheading 2934.10.90)...................................

9902.07.09

1/

2-Mercaptobenzothiazole (benzothiazole-2-thiol) (CAS No.
149-30-4) (provided for in subheading 2934.20.15)................

9902.07.10

1/

2-(1,3-Benzothiazol-2-ylsulfanyl)succinic acid (CAS No.
95154-01-1) (provided for in subheading 2934.20.40)............

9902.07.11

1/

4-Methylbenzothiazol-2-ylamine (CAS No. 1477-42-5)
(provided for in subheading 2934.20.80)...................................

9902.07.12

1/

Zinc bis(1,3-benzothiazole-2-thiolate) (CAS No. 155-04-4)
(provided for in subheading 2934.20.80)...................................

9902.07.13

1/

3-[2,4-Dichloro-5-(1-methylethoxy)phenyl]-5-(1,1-dimethyl-
ethyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2(3H)-one (Oxadiazon) (CAS No.
19666-30-9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.11)............

9902.07.14

1/

1-({2-[2-Chloro-4-(4-chlorophenoxy)phenyl]-4-methyl-1,3-
dioxolan-2-yl}methyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Difenoconazole) (CAS
No. 119446-68-3) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12)....

9902.07.15

1/

4-(2,2-Difluoro-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl)-1H-pyrrole-3-carbonitrile
(Fludioxonil (ISO)) (CAS No. 131341-86-1) (provided for in
subheading 2934.99.12)..............................................................

9902.07.16

1/

1-[[2-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-4-propyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl]-
methyl]-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Propiconazole) (CAS No.
60207-90-1) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12)............

9902.07.17

1/

2-Methyl-N-phenyl-5,6-dihydro-1,4-oxathiine-3-carboxamide
(Carboxin) (CAS No. 5234-68-4) (provided for in subheading
2934.99.12) ..................................................................................

9902.07.18

1/

2-Butyl-1,2-benzothiazol-3(2H)-one (CAS No. 4299-07-4)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.12)...................................

9902.07.19

1/

(2E)-3-(4-Chlorophenyl)-3-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-1-(4-
morpholinyl)-2-propen-1-one (CAS No. 110488-70-5) (provided
for in subheading 2934.99.12)....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 46

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.20

1/

1-(4-{4-[5-(2,6-Difluorophenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,2-oxazol-
3-yl]-1,3-thiazol-2-yl}-1-piperidinyl)-2-[5-methyl-3-
(trifluoromethyl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]ethanone (Oxathiapiprolin)
(CAS No. 1003318-67-9) (provided for in subheading
2934.99.12)2/.................................................................................

9902.07.21

1/

(E)-{2-[6-(2-Chlorophenoxy)-5-fluoropyrimidin-4-yloxy]
phenyl}(5,6-dihydro-1,4,2-dioxazin-3-yl)-N-
methoxymethanimine (Fluoxastrobin) (CAS No. 361377-29-9)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.12)...................................

9902.07.22

1/

(5-Cyclopropyl-1,2-oxazol-4-yl)(α,α,α-trifluoro-2-
mesyl-p-tolyl)methanone (Isoxaflutole) (CAS No. 141112-29-0)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.15)...................................

9902.07.23

1/

3-Isopropyl-1H-2,1,3-benzothiadiazin-4(3H)-one-2,2-dioxide,
sodium salt (Bentazon, sodium salt) (CAS No. 50723-80-3)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.15)...................................

9902.07.24

1/

1-Phenyl-3-(1,2,3-thiadiazol-5-yl)urea (Thidiazuron) (CAS No.
51707-55-2) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15)............

9902.07.25

1/

[3-(4,5-Dihydro-1,2-oxazol-3-yl)-4-mesyl-o-tolyl](5-hydroxy-1-
methylpyrazol-4-yl)methanone (Topramezone) (CAS No.
210631-68-8) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15)..........

9902.07.26

1/

8-(2,6-Diethyl-4-methylphenyl)-1,2,4,5-tetrahydro-7-oxo-
7H-pyrazolo[1,2-d][1,4,5]oxadiazepin-9-yl-2,2-
dimethylpropanoate (Pinoxaden) (CAS No. 243973-20-8)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.15)...................................

9902.07.27

1/

2,6-Dimethoxy-N-[3-(3-methyl-3-pentanyl)-1,2-oxazol-5-
yl]benzamide (isoxaben) (CAS No. 82558-50-7) (provided for
in subheading 2934.99.15)..........................................................

9902.07.28

1/

2-(2-Chlorobenzyl)-4,4-dimethyl-1,2-oxazolidin-3-one
(Clomazone) (CAS No. 81777-89-1) (provided for in
subheading 2934.99.15) and any formulations containing such
compound (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15)................

9902.07.29

1/

Methyl [[2-chloro-4-fluoro-5[(tetrahydro-3-oxo-1H,3H-[1,3,4]thi-
adiazolo[3,4-a]pyridazin-1- ylidene)amino]phenyl]thio]acetate
(Fluthiacet-methyl technical) (CAS No. 117337-19-6) (provided
for in subheading 2934.99.15)....................................................

9902.07.30

1/

2-[7-Fluoro-3-oxo-4-(2-propyn-1-yl)-3,4-dihydro-2H-
1,4-benzoxazin-6-yl]-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-
isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione (Flumioxazin) (CAS No. 103361-09-7)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.15)...................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

3.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

5.5%

No change

No change

4.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.1%

No change

No change

5.4%

No change

No change

3.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

6.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2/ Compiler's note: Probably should reference subheading 2934.10.10. Consult U.S. Customs and Border Protection for more assistance.
1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 47

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

6.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.31

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

(2Z)-3-Isopropyl-2-[(2-methyl-2-propanyl)imino]-5-phenyl-
1,3,5-thiadiazinan-4-one (Buprofezin) (CAS No. 69327-76-0
or 953030-84-7) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.16)......

9902.07.32

1/

4-{[(6-Chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl](2,2-difluoroethyl)amino}-
2(5H)-furanone (Flupyradifurone) (CAS No. 951659-40-8)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.16)...................................

9902.07.33

1/

4-[5-(3,5-Dichlorophenyl)-5-(trifluoromethyl)-4,5-dihydro-
1,2-oxazol-3-yl]-2-methyl-N-{2-oxo-2-[(2,2,2-
trifluoroethyl)amino]ethyl}benzamide (Fluralaner) (CAS No.
864731-61-3) (provided in subheading 2934.99.16)...............

9902.07.34

1/

10,10'-Oxybis(10H-phenoxarsinine) (CAS No. 58-36-6)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.18)...................................

9902.07.35

1/

2-(2,6-Difluorophenyl)-4-[2-ethoxy-4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenyl]-
4,5-dihydro-1,3-oxazole (Etoxazole) (CAS No. 153233-91-1)
(provided for in subheadling 2934.99.18)..................................

9902.07.36

1/

3-Phenyl-5-(2-thienyl)-1,2,4-oxadiazole (Tioxazafen) (CAS
No. 330459-31-9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.18)....

9902.07.37

1/

4-[(1-Hydroxy-1,3-dihydro-2,1-benzoxaborol-5-
yl)oxy]benzonitrile (Crisaborole) (CAS No. 906673-24-3)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.30)...................................

9902.07.38

1/

1-{5′-[(5S)-5-(3,5-Dichloro-4-fluorophenyl)-4,5-dihydro-5-
(trifluoromethyl)-1,2-oxazol-3-yl]-1H,3′H-spiro[azetidine-3,1′-
[2]benzofuran]-1-yl}-2-mesylethanone (Sarolaner) (CAS No.
1398609-39-6) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.30)........

9902.07.39

1/

Methyl {(2S)-1-[(2S)-2-{4-[(6S)-3-{2-[(2S)-1-{(2S)-2-
[(methoxycarbonyl)amino]-3-methylbutanoyl}-2-pyr-
rolidinyl]-1H-imidazol-4-yl}-6-phenylindolo[1,2-c][1,3]ben-
zoxazin-10-yl]-1H-imidazol-2-yl}-1-pyrrol
idinyl]-3-methyl-1-oxo-2-butanyl}carbamate (Elbasvir) (CAS
No. 1370468-36-2) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.30)..

9902.07.40

1/

Propan-2-yl (2R)-2-{((R)-({(2R,3R,4R,5R)-4-chloro-
5-(2,4-dioxo-3,4-dihydropyrimidin-1(2H)-yl)-3-hydroxy-4-
methyloxolan-2-yl}methoxy)(phenoxy)phos-
phoryl)amino}propanoate (Uprifosbuvir) (CAS
No.1496551-77-9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.30 or
2934.99.39)...................................................................................

9902.07.41

1/

[(7R)-4-(5-Chloro-1,3-benzoxazol-2-yl)-7-methyl-1,4-
diazepan-1-yl][5-methyl-2-(2H-1,2,3-triazol-2-
yl)phenyl]methanone (Suvorexant) (CAS No. 1030377-33-3)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.30)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 48

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.42

1/

(2S)-5-Oxopyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid-(1S,2S,3S,4R,5S)-5-
[4-chloro-3-(4-ethoxybenzyl)phenyl]-1-(hydroxymethyl)-
6,8-dioxabicyclo[3.2.1]octane-2,3,4-triol (1:1) (Ertugliflozin
L-pyroglutamic acid) (CAS No. 1210344-83-4) (provided for
in subheading 2934.99.30)..........................................................

9902.07.43

1/

Ethyl 5,5-diphenyl-4H-1,2-oxazole-3-carboxylate
(Isoxadifen-ethyl) (CAS No. 163520-33-0) (provided for in
subheading 2934.99.39)..............................................................

9902.07.44

1/

Sodium 2-2'-methylene bis-(4,6-di-tert-butyl phenyl)phosphate
(CAS No. 85209-91-2) (provided for in subheading
2934.99.39)...................................................................................

9902.07.45

1/

2,2-(1,4-Phenylene)bis((4H-3,1-benzoxazine-4-one) (CAS No.
18600-59-4) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.39)............

9902.07.46

1/

2H-3,1-Benzoxazine-2,4(1H)-dione (CAS No. 118-48-9)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.44) ..................................

9902.07.47

1/

(RS)-N-[2-(1,3-Dimethylbutyl)-3-thienyl]-1-methyl-3-
(trifluoromethyl)pyrazole-4-carboxamide (Penthiopyrad) (CAS
No. 183675-82-3) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90)....

9902.07.48

1/

2-Amino-3-cyanothiophene (CAS No. 4651-82-5) (provided
for in subheading 2934.99.90)....................................................

9902.07.49

1/

1,3-Dimethyl-1-[5-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl]urea
(Tebuthiuron) (CAS No. 34014-18-1) (provided for in
subheading 2934.99.90)..............................................................

9902.07.50

1/

4-(4-Methylphenyl)-4-oxobutanoic acid - 4-ethylmorpholine
(2:1) (CAS No. 171054-89-0) (provided for in subheading
2934.99.90)...................................................................................

9902.07.51

1/

C1-C3 Perfluoroalkyl perfluoromorpholine (CAS No. 382-28-5)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.90)...................................

9902.07.52

1/

5-Ethoxy-3-(trichloromethyl)-1,2,4-thiadiazole (Etridiazole)
(CAS No. 2593-15-9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90)
........................................................................................................

9902.07.53

1/

3-({[5-(Difluoromethoxy)-1-methyl-3-(trifluoromethyl)-1H-
pyrazol-4-yl]methyl}sulfonyl)-5,5-dimethyl-4,5-
dihydro-1,2-oxazole (Pyroxasulfone) (CAS No. 447399-55-5)
(provided for in subheading 2934.99.90)...................................

9902.07.54

1/

2H-3,1-Benzoxazine-2,4(1H)-dione (Isatoic anhydride) (CAS
No. 118-48-9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90).........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

4.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 49

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.55

1/

(1R,18R,20R,24S,27S)-N-{(1R,2S)-1-[(cyclopropyl-
sulfonyl)carbamoyl]-2-vinylcyclopropyl}-7-methoxy-24-(2-
methyl-2-propanyl)-22,25-dioxo-2,21-dioxa-4,11,23,26-
tetra-azapentacyclo[24.2.1.03,12.05,10.018,20]nonacosa-3,5,7,9,11-
pentaene-27-carboxamide (Grazoprevir) (CAS No.
1350514-68-9) (provided in subheading 2935.90.48).............

9902.07.56

1/

N-{[4-(Cyclopropylcarbamoyl)phenyl]sulfonyl}-2-methoxybenzamide
(Cyprosulfamide) (CAS No. 221667-31-8) (provided for in
subheading 2935.90.75)..............................................................

9902.07.57

1/

2-(2-Chloroethoxy)-N-[(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-
yl)carbamoyl]benzenesulfonamide (Triasulfuron) (CAS No.
82097-50-5) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75)............

9902.07.58

1/

Sodium 4,6-dimethoxy-2-[({[3-(2,2,2-trifluoro-
ethoxy)pyridin-2-yl]sulfonyl}carbamoyl)imino]-
2H-pyrimidin-1-ide (Trifloxysulfuron-sodium) (CAS No.
199119-58-9) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75)..........

9902.07.59

1/

Toluene-4-sulfonohydrazide (CAS No. 1576-35-8) (provided
for in subheading 2935.90.75)....................................................

9902.07.60

1/

N-{2,4-Dichloro-5-[4-(difluoromethyl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-
4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl]phenyl}meth- anesulfonamide
(Sulfentrazone) (CAS No. 122836-35-5) (provided for in
subheading 2935.90.75)..............................................................

9902.07.61

1/

Methyl 2-{[(4,6-dimethyl-2-pyrimidinyl)carbamoyl]sul-
famoyl}benzoate (Sulfometuron-methyl) (CAS No. 74222-97-2)
(provided for in subheading 2935.90.75)...................................

9902.07.62

1/

Methyl 2-[[[[[(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)amino]car-
bonyl]amino]sulfony]methyl]benzoate (Bensulfuron-methyl)
(CAS No. 83055-99-6) (provided for in subheading
2935.90.75)...................................................................................

9902.07.63

1/

4-Chloro-7-(4-methylphenylsulfonyl)-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]
pyrimidine (CAS No. 479633-63-1) (provided for in subheading
2935.90.75)...................................................................................

9902.07.64

1/

Sodium [(4-aminophenyl)sulfonyl](methoxycarbonyl)azanide
(Asulam sodium salt) (CAS No. 2302-17-2) (provided for in
subheading 2935.90.75)..............................................................

9902.07.65

1/

Sodium [(3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-
triazol-1-yl)carbonyl]{[2-(trifluorometh-
oxy)phenyl]sulfonyl}azanide (Flucarbazone-sodium) (CAS No.
181274-17-9) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) .........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

4.1%

No change

No change

5.0%

No change

No change

0.4%

No change

No change

4.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

5.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 50

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.66

1/

N-(5,7-dimethoxy[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-2-yl)-2-
methoxy-4-(trifluoromethyl)-3-pyridine- sulfonamide
(Pyroxsulam) (CAS No. 422556-08-9) (provided for in
subheading 2935.90.75)..............................................................

9902.07.67

1/

Methyl 2-sulfamoylbenzoate (CAS No. 57683-71-3) (provided
for in subheading 2935.90.75)....................................................

9902.07.68

1/

Methyl 3-sulfamoyl-2-thiophenecarboxylate (CAS No.
59337-93-8) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ...........

9902.07.69

1/

3-(Ethylsulfonyl)-2-pyridinesulfonamide (CAS No.
117671-01-9) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75)..........

9902.07.70

1/

Phenyl ((3-((dimethylamino)carbonyl)-2-pyridinyl)sulfonyl)
carbamate (CAS No. 112006-94-7) (provided for in subheading
2935.90.75)...................................................................................

9902.07.71

1/

2-Chloro-N-[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)carba-
moyl]imidazo[1,2-a]pyridine-3-sulfonamide (Imazosulfuron)
(CAS No. 122548-33-8) (provided for in subheading
2935.90.75)...................................................................................

9902.07.72

1/

N-{3-[(2R)-2-amino-1-(methylsulfamoyl)propan-
2-yl]-4-fluorophenyl}-5-fluoropyridine-2-carboxamide (CAS
No.1877329-50-4) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75)
........................................................................................................

9902.07.73

1/

3,5-Dinitro-N'4,N'4-dipropylsulfanilamide (Oryzalin) (CAS No.
19044-88-3) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.95)............

9902.07.74

1/

13-[(2-O-β-D-Glucopyranosyl-α-D-glucopyranosyl)oxy]kaur-
16-en-18-oic acid β-D-glucopyranosyl ester (Stevioside) (CAS
No. 57817-89-7) (provided for in subheading 2938.90.00) .....

9902.07.75

1/

Purified steviol glycoside, rebaudioside A
(19-O-ß-glucopyranosyl-13-O-(ß-glucopyranosyl(1-2)-
ß-glucopyranosyl(1-3))-ß-glucopyranosyl-13-hydroxykaur-16-
en-19-oic acid) (CAS No. 58543-16-1) (provided for in
subheading 2938.90.00) .............................................................

9902.07.76

1/

(4-α)-13-[(O-β-D-Glucopyranosyl-(1-2)-O-[β-D-
glucopyranosyl-(1-3)]-β-D-glucopyranosyl)oxy]-kaur-16-
en-18-oic acid
O-β-D-glucopyranosyl-(1-2)-O-[β-D-glucopyranosyl-
(1-3)]-β-D-glucopyranosyl ester (Rebaudioside M) (CAS No.
1220616-44-3)(provided for in subheading 2938.90.00) ........

9902.07.77

1/

(3S,4S,5S,6R)-6-(Hydroxymethyl)oxane-2,3,4,5-tetrol
(D-Mannose) (CAS No. 3458-28-4) (provided for in subheading
2940.00.60)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 51

Effective
Period

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.78

1/

Trehalose (α-D-Glucopyranosyl α-D-glucopyranoside
dihydrate) (CAS No. 6138-23-4)(provided in subheading
2940.00.60)...................................................................................

9902.07.79

1/

Iron sodium ethylenediaminedihydroxyphenylacetic acid
(sodium [[α,α'-(ethylenediimino)bis[2-
hydroxybenzene-1-acetato]](4-)]ferrate(1-)) (CAS No.
16455-61-1) (provided for in subheading 2942.00.10)............

9902.07.80

1/

Chlorophyllin-copper complex (CAS No. 11006-34-1) (provided
for in subheading 2942.00.50)....................................................

9902.07.81

1/

Black carrot color concentrate (provided for in subheading
3203.00.80)...................................................................................

9902.07.82

1/

Purple sweet potato color concentrate (provided for in
subheading 3203.00.80)..............................................................

9902.07.83

1/

Red cabbage color concentrate (provided for in subheading
3203.00.80)...................................................................................

9902.07.84

1/

Red radish color concentrate (provided for in subheading
3203.00.80)...................................................................................

9902.07.85

1/

Disperse Blue 56
(1,5-Diamino-2-bromo-4,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone)
(CAS No. 68134-65-6) (provided for in 3204.11.10)................

9902.07.86

1/

Disperse Blue 284 (({4-[(E)-(3,5-Dinitro-2-thienyl)diazenyl]phe-
nyl}imino)di-2,1-ethanediyl diacetate) (CAS No. 42783-06-2)
(provided for in 3204.11.10)........................................................

9902.07.87

1/

1,5-Diamino-4,8-dihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-9,10-
anthraquinone (Disperse blue 73) (CAS No. 12222-78-5)
(provided for in subheading 3204.11.10) ..................................

9902.07.88

1/

Mixtures of 4,11-diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-Naph-
tho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone (Disperse Blue 60 M)
(CAS No. 12217-80-0) and 4,11-Diamino-2-[3-(2-methoxyeth-
oxy)propyl]-1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone
(Disperse Blue 60 ME) (CAS No. 65059-45-2) (provided for
in subheading 3204.11.35)..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 52

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.89

1/

9902.07.90

1/

Mixtures of 1-anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone
(Disperse blue 77) (CAS No. 20241-76-3);
1,5-diamino-2-bromo-4,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone
(Disperse blue 56) (CAS No. 68134-65-6);
4,11-diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-naphtho[2,3-
f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone (Disperse blue 60 M) (CAS
No. 12217-80-0); and
4,11-diamino-2-[3-(2-methoxyethoxy)propyl]-1H-
naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone (Disperse blue
60 ME) (CAS No. 65059-45-2) (provided for in subheading
3204.11.35)...................................................................................

Mixtures of
2-(4-Bromo-3-hydroxy-2-quinolinyl)-1H-indene-1,3(2H)-dione
(Disperse yellow 64) (CAS No. 10319-14-9);
5-[(E)-(4-Chloro-2-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-1-ethyl-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-
oxo-1,2-dihydro-3-pyridinecarbonitrile (Disperse yellow 211)
(CAS No. 70528-90-4);
4-Anilino-3-nitro-N-phenylbenzenesulfonamide (Disperse
yellow 42) (CAS No. 5124-25-4); and
2-(3-Hydroxy-2-quinolinyl)-1H-indene-1,3(2H)-dione (Disperse
yellow 54) (CAS No. 7576-65-0) (provided for in
3204.11.35)...................................................................................

9902.07.91

1/

Disperse Yellow 218 (CAS No. 75199-13-2) (provided for in
subheading 3204.11.35)..............................................................

9902.07.92

1/

Mixtures of Disperse Yellow 163 (3,3'-({4-[(2,6-Dichloro-4-
nitrophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl}imino)dipropanenitrile) (CAS No.
67923-43-7); Solvent Yellow 163
(1,8-Bis(phenylthio)anthracene-9,10-dione) (CAS No.
13676-91-0); Disperse Blue 56
(1,5-Diamino-2-bromo-4,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone)
(CAS No. 68134-65-6); Disperse Blue 77
(1-Anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS
No. 20241-76-3); Disperse Red 1042A
(5-[2-(2-Cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2-[[2-(2-
hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-6-(phenyl-
amino)-3-pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 149988-44-3);
Disperse Red 1042B
(5-[(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-6-[[2-(2-
hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-2-
(phenylamino)-3-pyridine carbonitrile) (CAS No. 137428-29-6);
Disperse Blue 60 M (4,11-Diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-
1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone (CAS No.
12217-80-0); and Disperse Blue 60 ME
(4,11-Diamino-2-[3-(2-methoxyeth-
oxy)propyl]-1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone)
(CAS No. 65059-45-2) (provided for in subheading
3204.11.35)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.93

1/

9902.07.94

1/

9902.07.95

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 53

Effective
Period

Mixtures of Disperse Orange 288
(3-(Benzyl{4-[(4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl}amino)propanenitrile)
(CAS No. 96662-24-7); Disperse Blue 291:1
N-{2-[(E)-(2-Bromo-4,6-dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]-5-(diallylamino)-4-
methoxyphenyl}acetamide) (CAS No. 51868-46-3); and
Disperse Violet 93:1 (N-{2-[(E)-(2-Bromo-4,6-dinitro-
phenyl)diazenyl]-5-(diethylamino)phenyl}acetamide) (CAS No.
52697-38-8) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35)............

Mixtures of Solvent Yellow 163 (8-Bis(phenylsulfanyl)-9,10-
anthraquinone) (CAS No. 13676-91-0); Disperse Blue 56
(1,5-Diamino-2-bromo-4,8-dihy- droxy-9,10-anthraquinone)
(CAS No. 68134-65-6); Disperse Red 167:1
({3-(acetylamino)-4-[(2-chloro-4-nitrophenyl)azo]phe-
nyl}imino)diethane-2,1-diyl diacetate) (CAS No. 1533-78-4);
Disperse Orange 29 (4-({2-Methoxy-4-[(4-nitrophenyl)di-
azenyl]phenyl}dia-zenyl)phenol) (CAS No. 19800-42-1);
Disperse Red 1042A (5-[2-(2-Cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2-
[[2- (2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-6-(phenylamino)-3-
pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 149988-44-3); Disperse Red
1042B (5-[(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-6-[[2-(2-hydroxy-
ethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-2-(phenylamino)-3-pyridine
carbonitrile) (CAS No. 137428-29-6); Disperse Blue 60 M
(4,11-diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-naph- tho[2,3-f]iso-
indole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No. 12217-80-0); and
Disperse Blue 60 ME
(4,11-Diamino-2-[3-(2-methoxyethoxy)pro- pyl]-1H-
naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No.
65059-45-2) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35)............

Mixtures of Disperse Blue ANT (Br)
(N-[5-(acetylamino)-4-[2-(2-bromo-4,6-
dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2-methoxy-
phenyl]-N-(2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl)-glycine, methyl ester) (CAS
No. 88938-51-6); Disperse Green GNA
(N-[5-(acetylamino)-2-methoxy- 4-[2-(5-nitro-
2,1-benzisothiazol-3-yl)diazenyl]phenyl]-N-
(2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl)-glycine, methyl ester) (CAS No.
1235882-84-4); Disperse Yellow FC60954
(4-[2-(5-cyano-1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-1,4-dimethyl-6-oxo-3-
pyridinyl)diazenyl]-benzoic acid, 2-phenoxyethyl ester) (CAS
No. 88938-37-8); Disperse Red DYNS 2246
(N-[4-[2-(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]phe-
nyl]-N-(phenylmethyl)-B-alanine, 2-oxopropyl ester) (CAS No.
1021394-33-1); and Disperse Yellow DYLA 1306
(1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-1,4- dimethyl-5-[2-[2-nitro-4-(phenyl-
methoxy)phenyl]diazenyl]-2-oxo-3- pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS
No. 1613451-37-8) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35)..

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 54

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.07.96

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Mixtures of Disperse Blue 77
(1-Anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS
No. 20241-76-3) and Disperse Blue 60 M
(4,11-Diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H- naphtho[2,3-f]iso-
indole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No. 12217-80-0) (provided
for in subheading 3204.11.35)....................................................

9902.07.97

1/

Disperse Yellow 232 (3-(5-Chloro-2-benzoxazolyl)-7-(diethyl-
amino)-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one) (CAS No. 35773-43-4)
(provided for in subheading 3204.11.35)...................................

9902.07.98

1/

Mixtures of Disperse Blue ANT (Br) (N-[5-(acetylamino)-4-[2-
(2-bromo-4,6-dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2-methoxyphenyl]-N-
(2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl)-glycine, methyl ester) (CAS No.
88938-51-6); Disperse Green GNA
(N-[5-(acetylamino)-2-methoxy-4-[2-(5-nitro-2,1-
benzisothiazol-3-yl)diazenyl]phenyl]-N-(2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl)-glycine,
methyl ester) (CAS No. 1235882-84-4); Disperse Yellow
FC60954 (4-[2-(5-cyano-1,6-dihydro-2-hydroxy-
1,4-dimethyl-6-oxo-3-pyridinyl)diazenyl]-benzoic acid,
2-phenoxyethyl ester) (CAS No. 88938-37-8); and Disperse
Red DYNS 2246 (N-[4-[2-(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl)dia-
zenyl]phenyl]-N-(phenylmethyl)-B-alanine, 2-oxopropyl ester
) (CAS No. 1021394-33-1) (provided for in 3204.11.35).........

9902.07.99

1/

Disperse Orange FC84508 (Cyano[3-[(6-methoxy-2-benzothia-
zolyl)amino]-1H-isoindol-1-ylidene]acetic acid, pentyl ester)
(CAS No. 173285-74-0), (provided for in 3204.11.35)............

9902.08.01

1/

Mixtures of Disperse Blue 60 M (4,11-Diamino-2-(3-methoxy-
propyl)-1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS
No. 12217-80-0); Disperse Blue 60 ME
(4,11-Diamino-2-[3-(2-methoxy-
ethoxy)propyl]-1H-naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone)
(CAS No. 65059-45-2); and Disperse Blue 1771
(8E)-8-{[2-(Dibutylamino)-4-phenyl-1,3-
thiazol-5-yl]imino}-2-(3-heptanyl)-7-methyl-5-oxo-5,8-dihydro[1,2,4]tri-
azolo[1,5-a]pyridine-6-carbonitrile (CAS No. 169324-83-8)
(provided for in 3204.11.35)........................................................

9902.08.02

1/

Disperse Yellow 71 (9(or 10)-Methoxy-7H-benzimidazo[2,1-
a]benz[de]isoquinolin-7-one) (CAS No. 68296-59-3) (provided
for in 3204.11.35)..........................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.03

1/

9902.08.04

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 55

Effective
Period

Mixtures of Disperse Blue 77
(1-Anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS
No. 20241-76-3); Disperse Red 1042A
(5-[2-(2-Cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2-
[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-6-
(phenylamino)-3-pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 149988-44-3);
Disperse Red 1042B (5-[(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl]-6-
[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-2-
(phenylamino)-3-pyridine carbonitrile) (CAS No. 137428-29-6);
and Disperse Orange FC84508
(Cyano[3-[(6-methoxy-2-benzothiazolyl)amino]-1H-
isoindol-1-ylidene]acetic acid, pentyl ester) (CAS No.
173285-74-0) (provided for in 3204.11.35)...............................

Mixtures of Disperse Yellow 163
(3,3'-({4-[(2,6-dichloro-4-nitrophenyl)diazenyl] phenyl} imino)
dipropanenitrile) (CAS No. 67923-43-7); Disperse Red 167:1
({3-(acetylamino)-4-[(2-chloro-4-nitrophenyl)azo]phenyl}imino)
diethane-2,1-diyl diacetate) (CAS No. 1533-78-4); Disperse
red 60 (1-amino-4-hydroxy-2-phenoxy-9,10-anthracenedione)
(CAS No. 17418-58-5); Disperse Blue 77
(1-anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No.
20241-76-3); Disperse Blue 56
(1,5-diamino-2-bromo-4,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone)
(CAS No. 68134-65-6); Disperse Blue 214 E
(4,8-diamino-2-(4-ethoxyphenyl)-1,5-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone)
(CAS No. 15114-15-5); and Disperse Blue 214 EE
(4,8-diamino-2-[4-(2-ethoxyethoxy)
phenyl]-1,5-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No.
23119-35-9) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.35)............

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

9902.08.05

1/

9902.08.06

1/

Mixtures of Disperse Red 356 (3-phenyl-7-(4-propoxyphe-
nyl)furo[2,3-f][1]benzofuran-2,6-dione) (CAS No. 79694-17-0);
Disperse Red 367
([4-(2,6-dihydro-2,6-dioxo-7-phenylbenzo[1,2-
b:4,5-b’]difuran-3-yl)phenoxy]-acetic acid, 2-ethoxyethyl ester)
(CAS No. 126877–05–2); and Disperse Red H1111030
([4-[2,6-dihydro-2,6-dioxo-7-(4-propoxyphe-
nyl)benzo[1,2-b:4,5-b’]difuran-3-yl]phenoxy]-acetic acid, 2-
ethoxyethyl ester) (CAS No. 126877-06-3) (provided for in
subheading 3204.11.35)..............................................................

Mixtures of Disperse Red 1042A (5-[2-(2-cyano-4-nitro-
phenyl)diazenyl]-2-[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-methyl-6-
(phenylamino)-3-pyridine carbonitrile) (CAS No. 149988-44-3)
and Disperse Red 1042B (5-[(2-cyano-4-nitrophenyl)dia-
zenyl]-6-[[2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl]amino]-4-
methyl-2-(phenylamino)-3-pyridine carbonitrile) (CAS No.
137428-29-6)(provided for in subheading 3204.11.35)...........

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 56

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.07

1/

Mixtures of Disperse Blue 77
(1-Anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS
No. 20241-76-3); Disperse Blue 60 M
(4,11-Diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-
naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No.
12217-80-0); and Disperse Yellow 71 (9 (or
10)-Methoxy-7H-benzimidazo[2,1-a]benz[de]iso-
quinolin-7-one) (CAS No. 68296-59-3) (provided for in
subheading 3204.11.35)..............................................................

9902.08.08

1/

Disperse Blue 60 (4,11-diamino-2-(3-methoxypropyl)-1H-
naphtho[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)-tetrone) (CAS No.
12217-80-0) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.50) ...........

9902.08.09

1/

Disperse Blue 77
(1-anilino-4,5-dihydroxy-8-nitro-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No.
20241-76-3) (provided for in subheading 3204.11.50)............

9902.08.10

1/

Disperse blue 79:1 ({5-Acetamido-4-[(2-bromo-
4,6-dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]-2-methoxyphenyl}imino)di-
2,1-ethanediyl diacetate (CAS No. 3618-72-2) (provided for
in subheading 3204.11.50)..........................................................

9902.08.11

1/

Disperse Red 60 (1-amino-4-hydroxy-2-phenoxy-
9,10-anthracenedione) (CAS No. 17418-58-5) (provided for
in subheading 3204.11.50)..........................................................

9902.08.12

1/

Disperse Yellow 64
(2-(4-bromo-3-hydroxy-2-quinolinyl)-1H-indene-1,3(2H)-dione)
(CAS No. 10319-14-9) (provided for in 3204.11.50)................

9902.08.13

1/

Mixtures of Disperse Blue 73 A
(1,5-diamino-4,8-dihydroxy(4-methoxyphenyl)-9,10-anthracenedione)
(CAS No. 31288-44-5) and Disperse Blue 73 P
(1,5-diamino-4,8-dihydroxy(4-hydroxyphenyl)-9,10-anthracenedione)
(CAS No. 31529–83–6) (provided for in subheading
3204.11.50) ..................................................................................

9902.08.14

1/

Acid Red 92 (disodium 2,3,4,5-tetrachloro-6-(2,4,5,7-tetrabro-
mo-6-oxido-3-oxo-3H-xanthen-9-yl)benzoate) (Phloxine B)
(CAS No. 18472-87-2) (provided for in subheading
3204.12.20)...................................................................................

9902.08.15

1/

Acid Blue 182 (Disodium
1-amino-9,10-dioxo-4-({4-[(2-oxopropyl)amino]-2-
sulfonatophenyl}amino)-9,10-dihydro-2-anthracenesulfonate))
(CAS No. 72152-54-6) (provided for in subheading
3204.12.20)...................................................................................

9902.08.16

1/

Acid Black 194 (CAS No. 61931-02-0) (provided for in
subheading 3204.12.20)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 57

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.17

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Acid Red 52 (sodium
4-[3,6-bis(diethylamino)-9-xantheniumyl]-1,3-benzenedisulfonate)
(CAS No. 3520-42-1) (provided for in subheading
3204.12.20)...................................................................................

9902.08.18

1/

(4E)-4-[(2,5-Dichlorophenyl)hydrazono]-3-oxo-3,4-dihydro-2-naph-
thalenecarboxylic acid (Acid dye for Pigment Red 144) (CAS
No. 51867-77-7) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.45)......

9902.08.19

1/

Tetrasodium
[7-amino-3-[(3-chloro-2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-4-hydroxy
-2-naphthalenesulfonato(3-)][6-amino-4-
hydroxy-3-[(2-hydroxy-5-nitro-3-sulfophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalene-
sulfonato(4-)]-chromate(4-) (Sanodal Deep Black HBL) (CAS
No. 184719-87-7) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.45)....

9902.08.20

1/

Acid Red 182 (sodium [4-(hydroxy-κO)-3-{[2-
(hydroxy-κO)-1-naphthyl]diazenyl}benzenesulfon-
amidato(2-)][4-hydroxy-3-{[2-(hydroxy-κO)-1-naphthyl]diazenyl}ben-
zenesulfonamidato(2-)]cobaltate(1-)) (CAS No. 58302-43-5)
(provided for in subheading 3204.12.45)...................................

9902.08.21

1/

Sodium 4-({3-[(E)-(2-methyl-4-{[(4-methylphenyl)sul-
fonyl]oxy}phenyl)diazenyl]phenyl}amino)-3-
nitrobenzenesulfonate (Acid orange 67) (CAS No. 12220-06-3)
(provided for in subheading 3204.12.45) ..................................

9902.08.22

1/

Sodium 4-[(3-acetamidophenyl)amino]-1-amino-9,10-
dioxo-9,10-dihydro-2-anthracenesulfonate (Acid blue 324)
(CAS No. 70571-81-2) (provided for in subheading
3204.12.45)...................................................................................

9902.08.23

1/

Acid Blue 171 (Sodium [6-(amino-κN)-5-[2-[2-(hydroxy-κO)-4-
nitrophenyl]diazenyl-κN1]-N-methyl-2-naphthalenesul-
fonamidato(2-)][6-(amino-κN)-5-[2-[2-(hydroxy-κO)-4-nitro-
phenyl]diazenyl-κN1]-2-naphthalenesulfonato(3-)]-Cobaltate(2-)
(1:2) (1:2)) (CAS No. 75314-27-1) (provided for in subheading
3204.12.45)...................................................................................

9902.08.24

1/

Mixtures of Acid Black 220 A (Chromate(2-), [3-hydroxy-4-[(2-
hydroxy-1-naphthalenyl)azo]-7-nitro-1-naphthalenesulfonato(3-)]
[1-(2- hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-2-naphthalenolato(2-)]-,
lithium sodium) (CAS No. 85828-76-8), and Acid Black 220 B
(Chromate(2-), [3-hydroxy-4-[(2-hydroxy-1-
naphthalenyl)azo]-7-nitro-1-naphthalenesulfonato(3-)]
[N-[7-hydroxy-8-[(2-
hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)azo]-1-naphthalenyl]acetamidato(2-)]-,
lithium sodium) (CAS No. 85828-75-7) (provided for in
3204.12.45)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 58

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.25

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Acid Red 87 (eosine disodium salt) (disodium
2-(2,4,5,7-tetrabromo-6-oxido-3-oxoxanthen-9-yl)benzoate)
(CAS No. 17372-87-1) (provided for in subheading
3204.12.50)...................................................................................

9902.08.26

1/

Acid Brilliant Blue FCF FOOD Blue No. 1 (Acid Blue 9)
(disodium 2-({4-[ethyl(3-sulfonatobenzyl)amino]phenyl} {4-
[ethyl(3-sulfonatobenzyl)iminio]cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene}methyl)
ben- zenesulfonate) (CAS No. 3844-45-9) (provided for in
subheading 3204.12.50)..............................................................

9902.08.27

1/

Acid Blue 80 (disodium 3,3'-[(9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthra-
cene-1,4-diyl)diimino]bis(2,4,6-trimethyl- benzenesulfonate)
(CAS No. 4474-24-2) (provided for in subheading
3204.12.50)...................................................................................

9902.08.28

1/

Trisodium 5-oxo-1-(4-sulfonatophenyl)-4-[(E)-(4-
sulfonatophenyl)diazenyl]-2,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole-3-
carboxylate (Acid Yellow 23) (CAS No. 1934-21-0) (provided
for in subheading 3204.12.50)....................................................

9902.08.29

1/

Basic Yellow 40 (2-[7-(diethylamino)-2-oxo-2H-chromen-
3-yl]-1,3-dimethyl-1H-3,1-benzimidazol-3-ium chloride) (CAS
No. 29556-33-0) (provided for in subheading 3204.13.10)......

9902.08.30

1/

[4-[[4-(Dimethylamino)phenyl][4-(methylamino)phe-
nyl]methylene]cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene]di-
methylammonium acetate (CAS No. 84434-47-9) (provided
for in subheading 3204.13.60)....................................................

9902.08.31

1/

Basic Red 1:1 (3,6-bis (ethylamino)-9-[2-(methoxycarbonyl)
phenyl]-2,7-dimethylxanthenium chloride) (CAS No. 3068-39-1)
(provided for in subheading 3204.13.80)...................................

9902.08.32

1/

Basic Green 1 ((4-(4-(diethylamino)benzhydrylene)
cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene) diethylammonium hydrogen
sulphate) (CAS No. 633-03-4) (provided for in subheading
3204.13.80)...................................................................................

9902.08.33

1/

9-(2-Carboxyphenyl)-6-(diethylamino)-N,N-diethyl-3H-xanthen-3-iminium
acetate (Rhodamine Blue Shade dye liquid) (CAS No.
64381-99-3) (provided for in subheading 3204.13.80)............

9902.08.34

1/

Basic Violet 11:1
(Bis{6-(diethylamino)-N,N-diethyl-9-[2-(methoxycarbonyl)
phenyl]-3H-xanthen-3-iminium} tetrachlorozincate(2-)) (CAS
No. 73398-89-7).(CIN 45174) (provided for in subheading
3204.13.80) ..................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 59

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.35

1/

Direct Blue 71 (tetrasodium
3-[(E)-{4-[(E)-{4-[(E)-(6-amino-1-hydroxy-3-sulfonato-2-naphthyl)
diazenyl]-6-sulfonato-1-naphthyl}
diazenyl]-1-naphthyl}diazenyl]-1,5-naphthalenedisulfonate)
(CAS No. 4399-55-7) (provided for in subheading
3204.14.50)...................................................................................

9902.08.36

1/

Direct Blue 279
(4-N-(5,8-dimethoxy-2,4-dimethylquinolin-6-yl)-1-N,1-N-diethylpentane-
1,4-diamine) (CAS No. 72827-89-5) (provided for in
subheading 3204.14.50)..............................................................

9902.08.37

1/

Disodium
7-anilino-3-[(E)-{4-[(E)-(2,4-dimethyl-6-sulfonatophenyl)
diazenyl]-2-methoxy-5-methylphenyl}
diazenyl]-4-hydroxy-2-naphthalenesulfonate (direct violet 51)
(CAS No. 5489-77-0) (provided for in subheading 3204.14.50)
........................................................................................................

9902.08.38

1/

Disodium
7-anilino-4-hydroxy-3-({2-methoxy-5-methyl-4-[(4-sulfonatophenyl)
diazenyl] phenyl} diazenyl)-2-naphthalenesulfonate (Direct
violet 9) (CAS No. 6227-14-1) (provided for in subheading
3204.14.50) ..................................................................................

9902.08.39

1/

Vat blue 1 (synthetic indigo)
(2-(1,3-dihydro-3-oxo-2H-indazol-2-ylidene)-1,2-dihydro-3H-indol-3-one)
(CAS No. 482-89-3) (provided for in subheading
3204.15.10)...................................................................................

9902.08.40

1/

Pigment Orange 43/Vat Orange 7
(bisbenzimidazo[2,1-b:2',1'-i]benzo[lmn][3,8]phenanthroline-8,17-dione)
(CAS No. 4424-06-0) (provided for in subheading
3204.15.20)...................................................................................

9902.08.41

1/

Vat Red 15
(bisbenzimidazo[2,1-b:1',2'-j]benzo[lmn][3,8]phenanthroline-6,9-dione)
(CAS No. 4216-02-8) (provided for in subheading
3204.15.30)...................................................................................

9902.08.42

1/

Vat blue 66 (9,10-Anthracenedione,1,1ʹ-[(6-phenyl-
1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diyl)diimino]bis(3ʺ-acetyl-4-amino-)) (CAS
No. 32220-82-9) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.30)......

9902.08.43

1/

Vat Blue 19
(Anthra[9,1,2-cde]benzo[rst]pentaphene-5,10-dione, bromo
derivatives) (CAS No. 1328-18-3) (provided for in subheading
3204.15.30)...................................................................................

9902.08.44

1/

Reduced Vat Blue 43 (CAS No. 85737-02-6) (provided for in
subheading 3204.15.40)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 60

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.45

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Reduced Vat Blue 1 ([2,2'-Bi-1H-indole]-3,3'-diol, potassium
sodium salt) (CAS No. 207692-02-2) (provided for in
subheading 3204.15.40)..............................................................

9902.08.46

1/

Isoviolanthrone (C.I. Vat Violet 10) (CAS No. 128-64-3)
(provided for in subheading 3204.15.80)...................................

9902.08.47

1/

Vat Blue 4 (6,15-dihydro-5,9,14,18-anthrazinetetrone) (CAS
No. 81-77-6) (provided for in subheading 3204.15.80)............

9902.08.48

1/

Reactive Blue 19 (Disodium
1-amino-9,10-dioxo-4-[(3-{[2-(sulfonatooxy)ethyl] sulfonyl}
phenyl) amino]-9,10-dihydro-2-anthracenesulfonate) (CAS
No. 2580-78-1)(provided for in subheading 3204.16.20)........

9902.08.49

1/

Reactive Red 195 (Pentasodium
2-{(E)-[8-({4-chloro-6-[(3-{[2-(sulfonatooxy)ethyl] sulfonyl}
phenyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl}
amino)-1-hydroxy-3,6-disulfonato-2-naphthyl]
diazenyl}-1,5-naphthalenedisulfonate) (CAS No. 93050-79-4)
(provided for in subheading 3204.16.30) ..................................

9902.08.50

1/

Mixtures of Reactive Blue 19
(1-Amino-9,10-dihydro-9,10-dioxo-4-[[3-[[2-(sulfooxy)ethyl]sulfonyl]
phenyl] amino]-2-anthracenesulfonic acid, sodium salt (1:2))
(CAS No. 2580-78-1); Reactive Blue 187
(1,1'-[(6,13-dichloro-4,11-disulfo-3,10-triphenodioxazinediyl)
bis [imino-2,1-ethanediylimino[6-[(2,5-disulfophenyl)
amino]-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl]]] bis [3-carboxy-, bis(inner salt),
hexasodium salt ) (CAS No. 79771-28-1) (provided for in
subheading 3204.16.30)..............................................................

9902.08.51

1/

Reactive Blue FC75311 (Sodium
[2-[2-[[2-[3-[[4-fluoro-6-[phenyl[2-[[2-(sulfooxy) ethyl]sulfonyl]
ethyl]amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino]-2-(hydroxy-kO)-5-sulfophenyl]
diazenyl-kN] phenylmethyl] diazenyl-kN]-4-sulfobenzoato
(6-)-kO]-Cuprate(4-) (CAS No.156830-72-7) (provided for in
subheading 3204.16.30)..............................................................

9902.08.52

1/

Reactive Yellow F00-0155
(1H-Xantheno[2,1,9-def]isoquinoline-5,9-disulfonic acid,
2,3-dihydro-1,3-dioxo-2-[3-[[2-(sulfooxy)ethyl]sulfonyl]phenyl]-,
sodium salt (1:?:?)) (CAS No. 1309975-18-5) (provided for in
3204.16.30)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 61

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.53

1/

Mixtures of Reactive Red 198 (5-[[4-Chloro-6-[(3-sulfophenyl)
amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]
amino]-4-hydroxy-3-[[4-[[2-(sulfoxy)ethyl]
sulfonyl]phenyl]azo]-2,7- naphthalenedisulfonic acid, sodium
salt (1:?)) (CAS No. 78952-61-1) and Reactive Red 239
(2-[2-[8-[[4-Chloro-6-[[4-[[2-(sulfooxy)ethyl] sulfonyl]
phenyl]amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino]-1-hydroxy-3,6-
disulfo-2-naphthalenyl]diazenyl]-1,5-naphthalenedisulfonic
acid, sodium salt (1:5)) (CAS No. 89157-03-9) (as provided
for in subheading 3204.16.30) ...................................................

9902.08.54

1/

Reactive Blue 187 (1,1'-[(6,13-Dichloro-4,11-disulfo-3,10-
triphenodioxazinediyl) bis [imino-2,1-ethanediylimino
[6-[(2,5-disulfophenyl) amino]-1,3,5-triazine-4,2-diyl]]] bis [3-
carboxylatopyridinium], dihydroxide, bis (inner salt),
hexasodium salt) (CAS No. 79771-28-1) (provided for in
subheading 3204.16.30)..............................................................

9902.08.55

1/

Reactive Orange 131
(2,4-diamino-3-[4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl)-phenylazo]
-5-[4-(2-sulfoxyethylsulfonyl)-2-sulfophenylazo]-
benzenesulfonic acid, potassium sodium salt) (CAS No.
187026-95-5) (provided for in 3204.16.30)...............................

9902.08.56

1/

Reactive Black 5 (tetrasodium 4-amino-5-hydroxy-3,6-bis
[(4-{[2-(sulfonatooxy)ethyl] sulfonyl}
phenyl)diazenyl]-2,7-naphthalenedisulfonate) (CAS No.
17095-24-8) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.50)............

9902.08.57

1/

Reactive Red 180 (CAS No. 72828-03-6) (provided for in
subheading 3204.16.50)..............................................................

9902.08.58

1/

Reactive Black 5 (CAS No. 17095-24-8) (provided for in
subheading 3204.16.50)..............................................................

9902.08.59

1/

Copper phthalocyanine ((Phthalocyanato(2-))-copper), not
ready for use as pigment (PCN Blue Crude) (CAS No
147-14-8) (provided for in subheading 3204.17.20)................

9902.08.60

1/

Copper phthalocyanine monosulfonate (hydrogen
[29H,31H-phthalocyaninesulphonato (3-)-N29, N30, N31,
N32]cuprate(1-)), not ready for use as pigment (CAS No.
28901-96-4) (provided for in subheading 3204.17.60)............

9902.08.61

1/

Copper chlorophthalocyanine (30 to 35 percent pure) not ready
for use as pigment (CAS Nos. 16040-69-0 (65-70 percent by
weight) and 12239-87-1 (30-35 percent by weight)) (provided
for in subheading 3204.17.60)....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.3%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 62

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.62

1/

Mixture of nonchlorinated copper phthalocyanine blue crude
not ready for use as pigment (CAS No. 147-14-8) (30–40
percent by weight) and chlorinated copper phthalocyanine blue
crude not ready for use as pigment (CAS No. 68987-63-3)
(60–70 percent by weight) (provided for in subheading
3204.17.60)...................................................................................

9902.08.63

1/

[1,2,3,4,8,9,10,11,15,16,17,18,22,23,25 - Pentadecachloro -
29,31-dihydro-5H, 26H-phthalocyaninato (2-) -κ2 N29, N31]
copper (CAS No. 1328-53-6) (provided for in subheading
3204.17.90)...................................................................................

9902.08.64

1/

Copper chlorophthalocyanine, crude not ready for use as
pigment (CAS No. 12239-87-1) (provided for in subheading
3204.17.90)...................................................................................

9902.08.65

1/

Solvent Orange 63 (14H-anthra[2,1,9-mna]thioxanthen-14-one)
(CAS No. 16294-75-0) (CI No. 68550) (provided for in
subheading 3204.19.11)..............................................................

9902.08.66

1/

Solvent Yellow 160:1 (CAS No. 35773-43-4) (provided for in
subheading 3204.19.11)..............................................................

9902.08.67

1/

4-[(E)-Phenyldiazenyl]aniline (Solvent yellow 1) (CAS No.
60-09-3) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.11) ..................

9902.08.69

1/

Solvent Red 179
(14H-benzo[4,5]isoquino[2,1-a]perimidin-14-one) (CAS No.
6829-22-7) (CI No. 564150) (provided for in subheading
3204.19.20)...................................................................................

9902.08.70

1/

Solvent Blue 104 (1,4-bis(mesitylamino)-9,10-anthraquinone)
(CAS No.116-75-6) (provided for in subheading
3204.19.20)...................................................................................

9902.08.71

1/

Solvent Violet 13
(1-hydroxy-4-(p-tolylamino)anthracene-9,10-dione) (CAS No.
81-48-1) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.20)...................

9902.08.72

1/

Solvent Yellow 195 (CAS No. 440645-24-9) (provided for in
subheading 3204.19.20) .............................................................

9902.08.73

1/

Solvent Yellow 163 (1,8-Bis(phenylthio)anthracene-9,10-dione)
(CAS No. 13676-91-0) (provided for in subheading
3204.19.20)...................................................................................

9902.08.74

1/

Solvent Red 227 (1-anilino-9,10-anthraquinone) (CAS No.
2944-28-7) (CI 60510) (provided for in subheading
3204.19.25)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 63

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.75

1/

Solvent Red 169 (1-(isopropylamino)-9,10-anthraquinone)
(CAS No. 27354-18-3) (provided for in subheading
3204.19.25)...................................................................................

9902.08.76

1/

Solvent Yellow 114
(2-(3-hydroxy-2-quinolyl)-1H-indene-1,3(2H)-dione) (CAS No.
7576-65-0) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.25)..............

9902.08.77

1/

Solvent Orange 60 (12H-isoindolo[2,1-a]perimidin-12-one)
(CAS No. 6925-69-5) (provided for in subheading
3204.19.25)...................................................................................

9902.08.78

1/

Solvent red 135
(8,9,10,11-Tetrachloro-12H-isoindolo[2,1-a]perimidin-12-one)
(CAS No. 20749-68-2) (provided for in subheading
3204.19.25)...................................................................................

9902.08.79

1/

Solvent Blue 35 (1,4-bis(butylamino)-9,10-anthraquinone)
(CAS No. 17354-14-2) (CI No. 61554) (provided for in
subheading 3204.19.25)..............................................................

9902.08.80

1/

Solvent Violet 11 (1,4-diaminoanthraquinone) (CAS No.
128-95-0) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.25)................

9902.08.81

1/

2,4-Dinitrophenol (Sulfur Black 1) (CAS No. 1326-82-5)
(provided for in subheading 3204.19.30)...................................

9902.08.82

1/

Mono or diphthalimido methyl copper phthalocyanine ([2-(29H,
31H-phthalocyaninylmethyl) -1H -isoindole-1,3 (2H)-dionato
(2-)-N29, N30, N31, N32] copper) (CAS No. 42739-64-0)
(provided for in subheading 3204.19.50)...................................

9902.08.83

1/

Solubilized Sulphur Black 1 (CAS No.1326-83-6) (provided
for in subheading 3204.19.50) ...................................................

9902.08.84

1/

2,2'-Thiene-2,5-diylbis(5-tert-butyl-1,3-benzoxazole) (CAS
No. 7128-64-5) (provided for in subheading 3204.20.80).......

9902.08.85

1/

2,2'-(Vinylenedi-p-phenylene)bisbenzoxazole (CAS No.
1533-45-5) (provided for in subheading 3204.20.80)..............

9902.08.86

1/

N, N-Dimethyl-N-octadecyl-1-octadecanaminium-(Sp-4-2)-
[29H, 31H-phthalocyanine-2- sulfonato- N29, N30,N31, N32]
cuprate (phthalocyanine blue additive) (CAS No. 70750-63-9)
(provided for in subheading 3204.90.00)...................................

9902.08.87

1/

Organic luminescent pigments and dyes for security
applications (provided for in subheading 3204.90.00), the
foregoing excluding daylight fluorescent pigments and dyes
and excluding the dyestuff bearing the CAS No. 6359-10-0....

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 64

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.88

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Phosphorescent pigment based on copper-doped zinc sulfide
(CAS No. 68611-70-1) (provided for in subheading 3206.42.00)
........................................................................................................

9902.08.89

1/

Pigment Yellow 184 (bismuth vanadium oxide) (CAS No.
14059-33-7) (provided for in subheading 3206.49.60)............

9902.08.90

1/

Yttrium oxide phosphor doped by europium, of a kind used as
a luminophore. (CAS No. 68585-82-0) (provided for in
subheading 3206.50.00) .............................................................

9902.08.91

1/

Lanthanum phosphate phosphor doped by cerium and terbium,
of a kind used as a luminophore (CAS No. 95823-34-0)
(provided for in subheading 3206.50.00). .................................

9902.08.92

1/

Barium magnesium aluminate phosphor doped by europium,
of a kind used as a luminophore (CAS Nos.
102110-17-8,1304-28-5,1309-48-4, 1344-28-1,1308-96-9,
and 63774-55-0) (provided for in subheading 3206.50.00) ....

9902.08.93

1/

Phosphor blend of yttrium oxide doped with europium and
lanthanum phosphate. The range for each item is between
55-75 percent yttrium oxide europium-doped, and 45-25
percent phosphoric acid, lanthanum salt, cerium terbium-doped
by weight, respectively. (CAS Nos. 68585-82-0 and
95823-34-0) (provided for in subheading 3206.50.00) ...........

9902.08.94

1/

Calcium chloride fluoride phosphate, antimony- and
manganese-doped, of a kind used as a luminophore (Calcium
halo phosphate phosphor) (CAS No. 545386-98-9) (provided
for in subheading 3206.50.00) ...................................................

9902.08.95

1/

Barium magnesium aluminate phosphor doped by europium
and manganese, of a kind used as a luminophore (CAS Nos.
102110-17-8 ,1344-43-0, 1304-28-5, 1309-48-4, 1344-28-1,
1308-96-9, and 63774-55-0) (provided for in subheading
3206.50.00)...................................................................................

9902.08.96

1/

Fritted barium borosilicate glass with a mean particle size
between 0.4 and 10 microns, Young's modulus of 71GPa, a
density of 2.8 grams per cubic centimeter, radiopacity of 4.2,
a refractive index of 1.53, and chemical composition of 55
percent silicon dioxide, 25 percent barium oxide, 10 percent
boron trioxide and 10 percent aluminum oxide by weight
(provided for in subheading 3207.40.10) ..................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 65

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.08.97

1/

Prepared paint driers containing a mixture of cobalt hydroxide
(CAS No. 21041-93-0), cobalt 2-ethylhexanoate (CAS No.
136-52-7), calcium propionate (CAS No. 4075-81-4), calcium
2-ethylhexanoate (CAS No. 136-51-6), hydrotreated heavy
naphtha (CAS No. 64742-48-9), tripropylene glycol (CAS No.
24800-44-0) and tripropylene glycol methyl ether (CAS No.
25498-49-1) (provided for in subheading 3211.00.00)............

9902.08.98

1/

Resin cement based on calcium carbonate and silicone resins
(CAS Nos. 471-34-1 and 68037-83-2) (provided for in
subheading 3214.10.00)..............................................................

9902.08.99

1/

Cold-pressed orange oil (provided for in subheading
3301.12.00)...................................................................................

9902.09.01

1/

Cold-pressed grapefruit oil (provided for in subheading
3301.19.10) ..................................................................................

9902.09.02

1/

Eucalyptus citriodora oil, hydrated, cyclized (CAS No.
1245629-80-4) (provided for in subheading 3301.29.10)........

9902.09.03

1/

Dispersions and suspensions of approximately 45 percent by
weight propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, telomer with
chlorotrifluoroethene, oxidized, reduced, hydrolyzed,
ammonium salts (CAS No. 220207-15-8) and 15 percent by
weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, oxidized,
polymerized (CAS No. 69991-67-9) in water (provided for in
subheading 3402.11.50)..............................................................

9902.09.04

1/

Dispersions and suspensions of approximately 25 percent by
weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, telomer with
chlorotrifluoroethene, oxidized, reduced, hydrolyzed,
ammonium salts (CAS No. 330809-92-2) in water (provided
for in subheading 3402.11.50)....................................................

9902.09.05

1/

Dispersions and suspensions of approximately 25 percent by
weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, telomer with
chlorotrifluoroethene, oxidized, reduced, hydrolyzed,
ammonium salts (CAS No. 330809-92-2) and approximately
15-20 percent by weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-,
oxidized, polymerized (CAS No. 69991-67-9) in water (provided
for in subheading 3402.11.50)....................................................

9902.09.06

1/

Dispersions and suspensions of approximately 20 percent by
weight 1-propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, telomer with
chlorotrifluoroethene, oxidized, reduced, ethyl ester,
hydrolyzed, sodium salt (CAS No. 220207-15-8) in water
(provided for in subheading 3402.11.50)...................................

9902.09.07

1/

Sodium petroleum sulfonate (CAS No. 68608-26-4) (provided
for in subheading 3402.11.50) ...................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Alkyl (C16-C18)polyethyleneglycol tetra decylene glycol ether
(CAS No. 96081-39-9) (provided for in subheading 3402.13.10)
........................................................................................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

XXII
99 - II - 66

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.08

1/

9902.09.09

1/

Surface-active preparations consisting of fatty acids, C16-C18
and C18 unsaturated, esters with pentaerythritol (CAS No.
85711-45-1); polysorbate 20 (CAS No. 9005-64-5); and
polyoxyethylene dioleate (CAS No. 9005-07-6) (provided for
in subheading 3402.13.20)..........................................................

9902.09.10

1/

3-Hydroxy-2,2-bis(hydroxymethyl)propyl (9Z)-9-octadecenoate
(Pentaerythritol Monooleate) (CAS No. 10332-32-8) (provided
for in subheading 3402.13.20)....................................................

9902.09.11

1/

9902.09.12

1/

Mixtures of 1-butanol (CAS No. 71-36-3); 1-propoxy-2-propanol
(mixed isomers) (CAS No. 1569-01-3); siloxanes and silicones,
dimethyl, 3-hydroxypropyl methyl, ethoxylated propoxylated
(CAS No. 68937-55-3); 2-methyloxirane, oxirane,
3-prop-2-enoxyprop-1-ene (CAS No. 9041-33-2); urea, polymer
with formaldehyde, methylated (CAS No. 68071-45-4);
2-propanol (CAS No. 67-63-0); 2-amino-2-methyl-1-propanol
(CAS No. 124-68-5); 2-methyl-2-(methylamino)-1-propanol
(CAS No. 27646-80-6); methanol (CAS No. 67-56-1) and water
(CAS No. 7732-18-5) (provided for in subheading 3402.19.50)
........................................................................................................

Mixtures of poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl),
α-(2,4,6-tris(1-phenylethyl)phenyl)-ω-hydroxy-, phosphate,
potassium salt (CAS No. 163436-84-8);
poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl),
α-(tris(1-phenylethyl)phenyl)-ω-hydroxy- (CAS No.
99734-09-5); and propane-1,2-diol (CAS No. 57-55-6)
(provided for in subheading 3402.90.30)...................................

9902.09.13

1/

Plaster mold release agent made from propan-2-ol (CAS No.
67-63-0), 2-methylpropan-1-ol (CAS No. 78-83-1),
2-methoxy-methylethyl acetate (CAS No. 108-65-6),
hexadecanoic acid (CAS No. 57-10-3), octadecanoic acid
(CAS No. 57-11-4) and other ingredients (provided for in
subheading 3403.99.00) .............................................................

9902.09.14

1/

Sparklers (Class 1.4G) (provided for in subheading
3604.10.90) ..................................................................................

9902.09.15

1/

Party Poppers (Class 1.4G) (Provided for in subheading
3604.90.00) ..................................................................................

9902.09.16

1/

Instant print film, for color photography (polychrome) (provided
for in subheading 3701.20.00)....................................................

9902.09.17

1/

Glycerol ester of dimerized rosin acids, having softening point
not less than 104˚ C and acid number measuring 3 or more
but not over 8 (CAS No. 68475-37-6) (provided for in
subheading 3806.30.00)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 67

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.18

1/

Partially polymerized (dimerized) rosin, catalyzed with sulfuric
acid, softening point not less than 92˚ C, acid number not less
than 140 (CAS No. 65997-05-9) (provided for in subheading
3806.90.00)...................................................................................

9902.09.19

1/

Product mixtures containing
(RS)-α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS, 3RS; 1RS,
3SR)- 3 - (2,2-dichlorovinyl) - 2,
2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No.
68359-37-5) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25)............

9902.09.20

1/

Product mixtures containing
4-{[(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl](2,2-difluoroethyl)amino}-2(5H)-furanone
(Flupyradifurone) (CAS No. 951659-40-8) (provided for in
subheading 3808.91.25)..............................................................

9902.09.21

1/

9902.09.22

1/

Product mixtures containing
1-(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl-N-nitroimidazolidin-2-ylideneamine
(Imidacloprid) (CAS No 138261-41-3) and
(RS)-α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS, 3RS;1RS, 3SR)-
3- (2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate
(β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No. 68359-37-5) (provided for in
subheading 3808.91.25)..............................................................

Product mixtures containing
1-(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl-N-nitroimidazolidin-2-ylideneamine
(Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261-41-3) and 3, 7, 9,
13-tetramethyl-5, 11-dioxa-2, 8, 14-trithia-4, 7, 9,
12-tetraazapentadeca-3, 12-diene-6, 10-dione (Thiodicarb)
(CAS No. 59669-26-0) (provided for in subheading
3808.91.25)...................................................................................

9902.09.23

1/

Product mixtures containing
3-mesityl-2-oxo-1-oxaspiro[4.4]non-3-en-4-yl
3,3-dimethylbutyrate (Spiromesifen) (CAS No. 283594-90-1)
(provided for in subheading 3808.91.25)...................................

9902.09.24

1/

Product mixtures containing (5s,
8s)-3-(2,5-dimethylphenyl)-8-methoxy-2-oxo-1-azaspiro [4.5]
dec-3-en-4-yl ethyl carbonate (Spirotetramat) (CAS No.
203313-25-1) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25)..........

9902.09.25

1/

Product mixtures containing
1-(2-chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-ylmethyl)-3-methyl-2-nitroguanidine
(Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880-92-5) and
(RS)-α-cyano-4-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl (1RS, 3RS; 1RS,
3SR) -3- (2,2-dichlorovinyl) -2,2-
dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (β-Cyfluthrin) (CAS No.
68359-37-5) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25)............

9902.09.26

1/

Product mixtures containing
(Z)-2-chloro-1-(2,4,5-trichlorophenyl)vinyl dimethylphosphate
(Tetrachlorvinfos) (CAS No. 22248-79-9) (provided for in
subheading 3808.91.25)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

4.2%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

5.2%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 68

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.27

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.8%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

4.2%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Mixtures of 3,6-bis(2-chlorophenyl)-1,2,4,5-tetrazine
(Clofentezine) (CAS No.74115-24-5) and application adjuvants
(provided for in subheading 3808.91.25)...................................

9902.09.28

1/

Mixtures of 3-dodecyl-1,4-dioxo-1,4-dihydronaphthalen-2-yl
acetate (CAS 57960-19-7) (Acequinocyl) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ................

9902.09.29

1/

N-(Cyanomethyl)-4-(trifluoromethyl)-3-pyridinecarboxamide
(Flonicamid) (CAS No. 158062-67-0) (provided for in
subheading 2933.39.27) and any formulations containing such
compound (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25)................

9902.09.30

1/

Mixtures containing Cyano (3-phenoxyphenyl) methyl 3-[
(1Z)-2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoro-1-propen-1-yl]
-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (gamma-cyhalothrin)
and application adjuvants (CAS No. 76703-62-3) (provided
for in subheading 3808.91.25)....................................................

9902.09.31

1/

Mixtures of
(E)-N1-[(6-chloro-3-pyridyl)methyl]-N2-cyano-N1-methyl-acetamidine
(Acetamiprid) (CAS No. 135410-20-7) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25).................

9902.09.32

1/

Formulations containing zinc phosphide (trizinc diphosphide)
(CAS No. 1314-84-7) (provided for in subheading
3808.91.30)...................................................................................

9902.09.33

1/

Mixtures containing dimethyl (2aR, 3S, 4S, 4aR, 5S, 7aS, 8S,
10R, 10aS, 10bR)-10-acetoxy-3,5-dihydroxy-4[(1aR, 2S, 3aS,
6aS, 7S,
7aS)-6a-hydroxy-7a-methyl-3a,6a,7,7a-tetrahydro-2,7-methanofuro
[2,3-b]
oxireno[e]oxepin-1a(2H)-yl]-4-methyl-8-{[(2E)-2-methylbut-2-enoyl]
oxy} octahydro-1H-naphtho [1,8a-c:4,5-b'c'] difuran-5,10a
(8H)-dicarboxylate (Azadirachtin) (CAS No. 11141-17-6)
(provided for in subheading 3808.91.50)...................................

9902.09.34

1/

Abamectin (mixture of Avermectin A1a and Avermectin A1b)
(CAS No. 155569-91-8) (provided for in subheading
3808.91.50)...................................................................................

9902.09.35

1/

Formulations of O,S-dimethyl acetylphosphoramidothioate
(Acephate) (CAS No. 30560-19-1) (provided for in subheading
3808.91.50)...................................................................................

9902.09.36

1/

Product mixtures containing
1-[(2-chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)methyl]-2-methyl-3-nitroguanidine
(Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880-92-5) and Bacillus firmus
(Strain I-1582) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.50)........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 69

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.37

1/

Mixtures of
1-[(2-chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)methyl]-2-methyl-3-nitroguanidine
(Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880-92-5) (provided for in
subheading 3808.91.50)..............................................................

9902.09.38

1/

Mixtures of
2-methyl-1-nitro-3-(tetrahydro-2-furanylmethyl)guanidine
(Dinotefuran) (CAS No. 165252-70-0) with application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.91.50).................

9902.09.39

1/

Mixtures of methyl
(1E)-N-[(methylcarbamoyl)oxy]ethanimidothioate (Methomyl)
(CAS No. 16752-77-5) and application adjuvants (provided
for in subheading 3808.91.50)....................................................

9902.09.40

1/

Product mixtures containing methyl
N-(2-methoxyacetyl)-N-(2,6-xylyl)-DL-alaninate (Metalaxyl)
(CAS No. 57837-19-1), 5 - fluoro-1,3-dimethyl -
N-[2-(4-methylpentan-2-yl) phenyl]
-1H-pyrazole-4-carboxamide (Penflufen) (CAS No.
494793-67-8) and 2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)
-3-(2-chlorophenyl) -2-hydroxypropyl] -
2H-1,2,4-triazole-3(4H)-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No.
178928-70-6) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)..........

9902.09.41

1/

Product mixtures containing
(E)-{2-[6-(2-chlorophenoxy)-5-fluoropyrimidin-4-yloxy] phenyl}
(5,6-dihydro-1,4,2-dioxazin-3-yl) methanone O-methyloxime
(Fluoxastrobin) (CAS No. 361377-29-9) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15)..............................................................

9902.09.42

1/

Product mixtures containing
1-(4-chlorophenoxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-[1,2,4]
triazol-1-yl-butan-2-one (Triadimefon) (CAS No. 43121-43-3)
and methyl (E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-(α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)
ethylideneaminooxy]-o-tolyl} acetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS
No. 141517-21-7) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)....

9902.09.43

1/

Product mixtures containing
1-(4-chlorophenoxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-2-butanone
(Triadimefon) (CAS No. 43121-43-3) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15)..............................................................

9902.09.44

1/

Product mixtures containing N-[2-(1,3-dimethylbutyl)
phenyl]-5-fluoro-1,3-dimethyl-1H-pyrazole-4-carboxamide
(Penflufen) (CAS No. 494793-67-8) and
2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl) -2-
hydroxypropyl] - 2H-1, 2, 4-triazole-3(4H)-thione
(Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928-70-6) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

2.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 70

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.45

1/

9902.09.46

1/

Product mixtures containing 1-(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)
methyl-N-nitroimidazolidin-2-ylideneamine (Imidacloprid) (CAS
No. 138261-41-3), methyl N-(2-methoxyacetyl) - N - (2,6-xylyl)
- DL-alaninate (Metalaxyl) (CAS No. 57837-19-1),
2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-
(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl] - 2H-1,2,4-triazole-3
(4H)-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928-70-6) and
(RS)-1-p-chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)pentan-3-ol
(Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534-96-3) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15)..............................................................

Mixtures of N-
[9-(dichloromethylidene)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1,4-methanonaphthalen-5-yl]
-3-(difluoromethyl) -1-methyl-1H-pyrazole-4-carboxamide
(Benzovindiflupyr) (CAS No. 1072957-71-1) and methyl (2E)
-2-(2- {[6-(2-cyanophenoxy) pyrimidin-4-yl] oxy}
phenyl)-3-methoxyacrylate (Azoxystrobin) (CAS No.
131860-33-8) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)..........

9902.09.47

1/

Mixtures of
1-[4-[4-[5-(2,6-difluorophenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,2-oxazol-3-yl]-1,3-thiazol-2-yl]
piperidin-1-yl]-2-[5-methyl-3-(trifluoromethyl) pyrazol-1-yl]
ethanone (Oxathiapiprolin) (CAS No. 1003318-67-9) (provided
for in subheading 3808.92.15)....................................................

9902.09.48

1/

Product mixtures containing
N-{2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)-2-pyridinyl]ethyl}-2-(trifluoromethyl)
benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066-35-4) and
1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)
pentan-3-ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534-96-3) (provided
for in subheading 3808.92.15)....................................................

9902.09.49

1/

Product mixtures containing N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)
pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl) benzamide (Fluopyram)
(CAS No. 658066-35-4) and Bacillus firmus (Strain I-1582)
(provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)...................................

9902.09.50

1/

9902.09.51

1/

Product mixtures containing
2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)
-2-hydroxypropyl]-2H-1,2,4-triazole-3 (4H)-thione
(Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928-70-6) and
(RS)-1-p-chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)
pentan-3-ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534-96-3) (provided
for in subheading 3808.92.15)....................................................

Product mixtures containing methyl
(E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-(α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)
ethylideneaminooxy]-o-tolyl}acetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No.
141517-21-7) and
2-[(2RS)-2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)
-2-hydroxypropyl]-2H-1,2,4-triazole-3(4H)-thione
(Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928-70-6) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.3%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

4.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

4.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 71

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.52

1/

9902.09.53

1/

Product mixtures containing
1-(6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl-N-nitroimidazolidin-2-ylideneamine
(Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261-41-3), methyl
N-(2-methoxyacetyl)-N-(2,6-xylyl)-DL-alaninate (Metalaxyl)
(CAS No. 57837-19-1) and
(RS)-1-p-chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)
pentan-3-ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534-96-3) (provided
for in subheading 3808.92.15)....................................................

Product mixtures containing methyl
(E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-(α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)
ethylideneaminooxy]-o-tolyl}acetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No.
141517-21-7) and
(RS)-1-p-chlorophenyl-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)
pentan-3-ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534-96-3) (provided
for in subheading 3808.92.15) ...................................................

9902.09.54

1/

Product mixtures containing
N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)
benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066-35-4) and
4,6-dimethyl-N-phenyl-2-pyrimidinamine (Pyrimethanil) (CAS
No. 53112-28-0) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)......

9902.09.55

1/

Product mixtures containing
N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)
benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066-35-4) and methyl
(E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-(α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)
ethylideneaminooxy]-o-tolyl} acetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS
No. 141517-21-7) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)....

9902.09.56

1/

Product mixtures containing methyl
(E)-methoxyimino-{(E)-2-[1-(α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)
ethylideneaminooxy]-o-tolyl}acetate (Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No.
141517-21-7) and
cis-trans-1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4-propyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-ylmethyl]
-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Propiconazole) (CAS No. 60207-90-1)
(provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)...................................

9902.09.57

1/

Product mixtures containing methyl
(2E)-(methoxyimino)[2-({[(E)-{1-[3-trifluoromethyl)
phenyl]ethylidene}amino]oxy}methyl)phenyl]acetate
(Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517-21-7) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15)..............................................................

9902.09.58

1/

Product mixtures containing
N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl)
benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066-35-4) and
(RS)-2-[2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl]
-2,4-dihydro-1,2,4-triazole-3-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS
No. 178928-70-6) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)....

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 72

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.59

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Product mixtures containing
2-[2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl]
-1,2-dihydro-3H-1,2,4-triazole-3-thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS
No. 178928-70-6) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)....

9902.09.60

1/

Mixtures containing
N-(2,3-dichloro-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylcyclohexanecarboxamide
(Fenhexamid) (CAS No. 126833-17-8) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ................

9902.09.61

1/

Mixtures of N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)
pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl) benzamide (Fluopyram)
(CAS No. 658066-35-4) (provided for in subheading
3808.92.15)...................................................................................

9902.09.62

1/

Mixtures of N-[2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)
pyridin-2-yl]ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl) benzamide (Fluopyram)
(CAS No. 658066-35-4) and
N-[1-[(6-chloropyridin-3-yl)methyl]-4,5-dihydroimidazol-2-yl]
nitramide (Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261-41-3) (provided for
in subheading 3808.92.15)..........................................................

9902.09.63

1/

Mixtures of
(1-[2-(allyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]-1H-imidazole)
(Imazalil) (CAS No. 35554-44-0) and application adjuvants
(provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)...................................

9902.09.64

1/

Mixtures of
1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(prop-2-en-1-yloxy)ethyl]-1H-imidazole
sulfate (Imazalil sulfate) (CAS No. 58594-72-2) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15).................

9902.09.65

1/

Mixtures of 4,6-dimethyl-N-phenyl-2-pyrimidinamine
(Pyrimethanil) (CAS No. 53112-28-0) and application adjuvants
(provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)...................................

9902.09.66

1/

Mixtures of 5,7-dichloro-4-(4-fluorophenoxy)quinoline
(Quinoxyfen) (CAS No. 124495-18-7) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15).................

9902.09.67

1/

Mixtures of
3-anilino-5-methyl-5-(4-phenoxyphenyl)-1,3-oxazolidine-2,4-dione
(Famoxadone) (CAS No. 131807-57-3),
2-cyano-N-(ethylcarbamoyl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetamide
(Cymoxanil) (CAS No. 57966-95-7) and application adjuvants
(provided for in subheading 3808.92.15)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 73

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.68

1/

9902.09.69

1/

9902.09.70

1/

9902.09.71

1/

Mixtures containing methyl
(2E)-(methoxyimino)[2-({[(E)-{1-[3-(trifluoromethyl)
phenyl]ethylidene}amino]oxy}methyl)phenyl] acetate
(Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517-21-7) and
2-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-cyclopropyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-2-butanol
(Cyproconazole) (CAS No. 94361-06-5) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15).................

Mixtures containing
N-[2-[3-Chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]
ethyl]-2-(trifluoromethyl) benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No.
658066-35-4) and
(E)-1-(2-Chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-ylmethyl)-3-methyl-2-nitroguanidine
(Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880-92-5) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15)..............................................................

Mixtures containing
3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-N-isopropyl-2,4-dioxo-1-imidazolidinecarboxamide
(Iprodione) (CAS No. 36734-19-7) and methyl
(2E)-(methoxyimino) [2-({[(E)-{1-[3-(trifluoromethyl)
phenyl]ethylidene}amino]oxy}methyl)phenyl] acetate
(Trifloxystrobin) (CAS No. 141517-21-7) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15)..............................................................

Mixtures of
1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)-propyl]
-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Tetraconazole) (CAS No. 112281-77-3);
methyl (2E)-2-(2-{[6-(2-cyanophenoxy)-4-pyrimidinyl]oxy}
phenyl)-3-methoxyacrylate (Azoxystrobin) (CAS No.
131860-33-8); and application adjuvants (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15) .............................................................

9902.09.72

1/

Mixtures of
1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)-propyl]
-1H-1,2,4-triazole (Tetraconazole) (CAS No. 112281-77-3);
2,4,5,6-tetrachloroisophthalonitrile (Chlorothalonil) (CAS No.
1897-45-6); and application adjuvants (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.15)..............................................................

9902.09.73

1/

Mixtures of zinc bis(dimethyldithiocarbamate) (Ziram) and
application adjuvants (CAS No. 137-30-4) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.28)..............................................................

9902.09.74

1/

Mixtures of [disulfanediylbis(carbonothioylnitrilo)]tetramethane
(Thiram) (CAS No. 137-26-8) and application adjuvants
(provided for in subheading 3808.92.28) ..................................

9902.09.75

1/

Mixtures of at least 95 percent by weight allyl isothiocyanate
(3-isothiocyanato-1-propene) (CAS No. 57-06-7), and
application adjuvants (provided for in subheading
3808.92.28)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 74

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.76

1/

Mixtures of copper oxychloride (CAS No. 1332-40-7) and
copper hydroxide (CAS No. 20427-59-2) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.30)..............................................................

9902.09.77

1/

Mixtures of copper dihydroxide (cupric hydroxide) (CAS No.
20427-59-2) and application adjuvants (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.30)..............................................................

9902.09.78

1/

Mixtures containing
(1S,2R,3S,4R,5S,6S)-2,3,4,5,6-Pentahydroxycyclohexyl
2-amino-4-{[carboxy(imino)
methyl]amino}-2,3,4,6-tetradeoxy-α-D-arabino-hexopyranoside
(CAS No. 19408-46-9) (Kasugamycin) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50) ................

9902.09.79

1/

Formulations of zinc 1-{(2R, 3R, 4S, 5R)-5-[(S)-{[(2S, 3S,
4S)-2-amino-5-(carbamoyloxy) -3,4-dihydroxypentanoyl]
amino}(carboxylato)methyl]
-3,4-dihydroxytetrahydro-2-furanyl}-2,4-dioxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro
-5-pyrimidinecarboxylate (Polyoxin D Zinc Salt) (CAS No.
146659-78-1) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50) .........

9902.09.80

1/

Mixtures of
N,N-dimethyl-3-[(propoxycarbonyl)amino]-1-propanaminium
chloride (Propamocarb hydrochloride) (CAS No. 25606-41-1)
and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading
3808.92.50) ..................................................................................

9902.09.81

1/

Mixtures containing β-conglutin and application adjuvants used
as a fungicide (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50)..........

9902.09.82

1/

Mixtures of 1-dodecylguanidine acetate (1:1) (Dodine) (CAS
No. 2439-10-3) and application adjuvants (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.50)..............................................................

9902.09.83

1/

Formulated fungicide kit consisting of individual packs of
tetra-n-butylammonium fluoride (CAS No. 87749-50-6),
dimethylsulfoxide (CAS No. 67-68-5),
2-(butyldimethylsilyl)-1-methylcyclopropanol-1-methanesulfonate
(CAS No. 1446996-86-6), and sodium hydroxide solution (CAS
No. 1310-73-2) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.50) ......

9902.09.84

1/

Mixtures containing 5-methyl-1,2-oxazol-3(2H)-one
(Hymexazol) (CAS No. 10004-44-1) (provided for in
subheading 3808.92.50)..............................................................

9902.09.85

1/

Product mixtures containing sodium {[2-(methoxycarbonyl)
phenyl]sulfonyl}
[(4,5-dihydro-4-methyl-5-oxo-3-propoxy-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)
carbonyl] azanide (Propoxycarbazone sodium) (CAS No.
181274-15-7) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15)..........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

3.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 75

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.86

1/

Product mixtures containing
(5-hydroxy-1,3-dimethyl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)[2-(methylsulfonyl)-4-(trifluoromethyl)
phenyl] methanone (Pyrasulfotole) (CAS No. 365400-11-9);
2,4-dibromo-6-cyanophenyl octanoate (Bromoxynil Octanoate)
(CAS No. 1689-99-2); 2,6-dibromo-4-cyanophenyl heptanoate
(Bromoxynil Heptanoate) (CAS No. 56634-95-8); and diethyl
1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylate
(Mefenpyr-diethyl) (CAS No. 135590-91-9) (provided for in
subheading 3808.93.15)..............................................................

9902.09.87

1/

Mixtures of benzamide,
2-[[[[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)-amino]carbonyl]amino]sulfonyl]-4-(formylamino)
-N,N- methyl- (Foramsulfuron) (CAS No. 173159-57-4) and
application adjuvants (provided for in subheading
3808.93.15)...................................................................................

9902.09.88

1/

Product mixtures containing methyl
2-[({[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl)amino] carbonyl}amino)
sulfonyl]-4-[(mesylamino) methyl] benzoate
(Mesosulfuron-methyl) (CAS No. 208465-21-8) (provided for
in subheading 3808.93.15) .........................................................

9902.09.89

1/

Product mixtures containing
(5-cyclopropyl-1,2-oxazol-4-yl)[2-(methylsulfonyl)-4-(trifluoromethyl)
phenyl] methanone (Isoxaflutole) (CAS No. 141112-29-0)
(provided for in subheading 3808.93.15)...................................

9902.09.90

1/

Product mixtures containing
N-[(1R,2S)-2,6-dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl]-6-[(1R)-1-fluoroethyl]
-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine (Indaziflam) (CAS No.
950782-86-2) and N-[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl) carbamoyl]
-3-(ethylsulfonyl)-2-pyridinesulfonamide (Rimsulfuron) (CAS
No. 122931-48-0) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15)....

9902.09.91

1/

Mixtures of ethyl
2-chloro-5-(4-chloro-5-difluoromethoxy-1-methyl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)
-4-fluorophenoxyacetate (Pyraflufen-ethyl) (CAS No.
129630-19-9) and application adjuvants (provided for in
subheading 3808.93.15)..............................................................

9902.09.92

1/

Mixtures of (2RS,
3RS)-1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)
pentan-3-ol (Paclobutrazol) (CAS No. 76738-62-0) and
application adjuvants (provided for in subheading
3808.93.15)...................................................................................

9902.09.93

1/

Mixtures of
N-[(4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)carbamoyl]-2-(3,3,3-trifluoropropyl)
benzenesulfonamide (Prosulfuron) (CAS No. 94125-34-5) and
application adjuvants (provided for in subheading
3808.93.15)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

3.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 76

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.09.94

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

4.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

4.2%

No change

No change

2.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1.3%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Mixtures of 1,1′-dimethyl-4,4′-bipyridinium dichloride (Paraquat
Dichloride Technical) (CAS No. 1910-42-5) and
2-amino-4,5-dihydro-6-methyl-4-propyl-s-triazole-[1,5-a]pyrimidin-5-one
(Emetic PP796) (CAS No. 27277-00-5) (provided for in
subheading 3808.93.15)..............................................................

9902.09.95

1/

Mixtures containing
5-(2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy)-2-nitrobenzoic acid
(Acifluorfen MUP) (CAS No. 62476-59-9) (provided for in
subheading 3808.93.15)..............................................................

9902.09.96

1/

Mixtures of methylsulfanilycarbamate, sodium salt (Asulam
sodium salt) (CAS No. 2302-17-2) and application adjuvants
(provided for in subheading 3808.93.15)...................................

9902.09.97

1/

(RS)-N,N-Diethyl-2-(1-naphthyloxy)propionamide formulations
(Napropamide) (CAS No. 15299-99-7) (provided for in
subheading 3808.93.15)..............................................................

9902.09.98

1/

Product mixtures containing methyl
2-{[(4,6-dimethyl-2-pyrimidinyl)carbamoyl]sulfamoyl}benzoate
(Sulfometuron-methyl) (CAS No. 74222-97-2) (provided for in
subheading 3808.93.15)..............................................................

9902.09.99

1/

Formulations of
3-isopropyl-1H-2,1,3-benzothiadiazin-4(3H)-one, 2,2-dioxide
(Bentazone) (CAS No. 25057-89-0) (provided for in subheading
3808.93.15)...................................................................................

9902.10.01

1/

Mixtures containing
5-cyclopropyl-4-(2-mesyl-4-trifluoromethylbenzoyl) isoxazole
(Isoxaflutole) (CAS No. 141112-29-0) and
N-({4-[(cyclopropylamino) carbonyl]phenyl}
sulfonyl)-2-methoxybenzamide (Cyprosulfamide) (CAS No.
221667-31-8) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15)..........

9902.10.02

1/

Product mixtures containing ethyl
5,5-diphenyl-4H-1,2-oxazole-3-carboxylate (Isoxadifen-ethyl)
(CAS No. 163520-33-0) and
2-{2-chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)-3-[(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)methyl]benzoyl}
-1,3-cyclohexanedione (Tembotrione) (CAS No. 335104-84-2)
(provided for in subheading 3808.93.15)...................................

9902.10.03

1/

Mixtures of N-[[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl) amino]
carbonyl]-3-(ethylsulfonyl)-2-pyridinesulfonamide (Rimsulfuron)
(CAS No. 122931-48-0) and application adjuvants (provided
for in subheading 3808.93.15)....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 77

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.10.04

1/

Product mixtures containing methyl
4-{[(3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)carbonyl]
sulfamoyl}-5-methyl-3-thiophenecarboxylate
(Thiencarbazone-methyl) (CAS No. 317815-83-1), methyl
2-{[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl) carbamoyl]
sulfamoyl}-4-{[(methylsulfonyl)amino]methyl} benzoate
(Mesosulfuron-methyl) (CAS No. 208465-21-8) and diethyl
1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole
-3,5-dicarboxylate (Mefenpyr-diethyl) (CAS No. 135590-91-9)
(provided for in subheading 3808.93.15)...................................

9902.10.05

1/

Mixtures of 1-(2-methylcyclohexyl)-3-phenylurea (Siduron)
(CAS No. 1982-49-6) and inert ingredients (provided for in
subheading 3808.93.15) .............................................................

9902.10.06

1/

Mixtures of
N-{2,4-dichloro-5-[4-(difluoromethyl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H
-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl] phenyl} methanesulfonamide (Sulfentrazone)
(CAS No. 122836-35-5) and application adjuvants (provided
for in subheading 3808.93.15)....................................................

9902.10.07

1/

Mixtures of
sodium-2-chloro-6-[(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)thio]benzoate
(Pyrithiobac-sodium) (CAS No. 123343-16-8) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15).................

9902.10.08

1/

Mixtures of methyl
2-[[[4-(dimethylamino)-6-(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]
carbamoyl] sulfamoyl]-3-methylbenzoate (CAS No.
126535-15-7) and application adjuvants (provided for in
subheading 3808.93.15)..............................................................

9902.10.09

1/

Mixtures containing
N-[(1R,2S)-2,6-dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl]-6-[(1R)-1-fluoroethyl]
-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine (Indazaflam) and application
adjuvants (CAS No. 950782-86-2) (provided for in subheading
3808.93.15)...................................................................................

9902.10.10

1/

Mixtures containing
(5-hydroxy-1,3-dimethyl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)[2-(methylsulfonyl)-4-
(trifluoromethyl) phenyl] methanone (Pyrasulfotole) (CAS No.
365400-11-9); 2,4-dibromo-6-cyanophenyl octanoate
(Bromoxynil Octanoate) (CAS No. 1689-99-2); methyl
4-{[(3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro
-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl) carbonyl]
sulfamoyl}-5-methyl-3-thiophenecarboxylate
(Thiencarbazone-Methyl) (CAS No. 317815-83-1); and diethyl
1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole
-3,5-dicarboxylate (Mefenpyr-diethyl) (CAS No. 135590-91-9)
(provided for in subheading 3808.93.15)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

5.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

5.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

3.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 78

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.10.11

1/

Mixtures containing methyl
4-{[(3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)
carbonyl] sulfamoyl}-5-methyl-3-thiophenecarboxylate
(Thiencarbazone-methyl) (CAS No. 317815-83-1);
2-{[(4,6-Dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl) carbamoyl]
sulfamoyl}-4-formamido-N,N-dimethylbenzamide
(Foramsulfuron) (CAS No. 173159-57-4); and methyl
3-chloro-5-{[(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimidinyl) carbamoyl]
sulfamoyl}-1-methyl -1H-pyrazole-4-carboxylate
(Halosulfuron-methyl) (CAS No. 100784-20-1) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15).................

9902.10.12

1/

Mixtures of
1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-[2-dimethylcarbamoyl)
phenylsulfamoyl] urea (Orthosulfamuron) (CAS No.
213464-77-8) and application adjuvants (provided for in
subheading 3808.93.20)..............................................................

9902.10.13

1/

(RS)-5-Amino-1-[2,6-dichloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)
phenyl]-4-(trifluoromethysulfinyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carbonitrile
(Fipronil) (CAS No. 120068-37-3) (provided for in subheading
3808.93.50)...................................................................................

9902.10.14

1/

(2-Chloroethyl)trimethylammonium chloride (CAS No.
999-81-5) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.50)................

9902.10.15

1/

Mixtures of S-(2,3,3-trichloro-2-propen-1-yl)
diisopropylcarbamothioate (Triallate) (CAS No. 2303-17-5)
(provided for in subheading 3808.93.50) ..................................

9902.10.16

1/

Mixtures of S-(2,3,3-trichloro-2-propen-1-yl)
diisopropylcarbamothioate (Triallate) (CAS No. 2303-17-5)
and 2,6-dinitro-N,N-dipropyl-4-(trifluoromethyl)aniline
(Trifluralin) (CAS No. 1582-09-8) (provided for in subheading
3808.93.50)...................................................................................

9902.10.17

1/

Formulations of
1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)-3-[3-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]
sulfonylurea (Flazasulfuron) (CAS No. 104040-78-0) (provided
for in subheading 3808.93.50)....................................................

9902.10.18

1/

Mixtures of ammonium ethyl carbamoylphosphonate
(Fosamine-ammonium) (CAS No. 25954-13-6) and application
adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.50).................

9902.10.19

1/

Mixtures containing
2-[4-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenoxy]cyclohexyl 2-propyn-1-yl
sulfite (CAS No. 2312-35-8) (Propargite) and application
adjuvants (as provided for in subheading 3808.99.95) ...........

9902.10.20

1/

Preparations containing
5-amino-1,3-dihydro-2H-benzimidazol-2-one (CAS No.
95-23-8) (provided for in subheading 3809.91.00) ..................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 79

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

4.8%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.7%

No change

No change

2.8%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

3.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.10.21

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Preparations containing 12-hydroxy-9-octadecenoic acid
(Ricinoleic acid) of a kind used as a diluent in lubricants (CAS
No. 141-22-0) (provided for in subheading 3811.21.00).........

9902.10.22

1/

Mixtures of hydrotreated neutral petroleum oils C20 - C50, of
a kind used as viscosity improvers (CAS No. 72623-87-1)
(provided for in subheading 3811.21.00). .................................

9902.10.23

1/

Isobutyl
3-(diisobutoxy-thiophosphorylsulfanyl)-2-methyl-propanoate)
(CAS No. 268567-32-4) (provided for in subheading
3811.29.00)...................................................................................

9902.10.24

1/

Mixtures containing poly(ethylene-co-ethenyl acetate) of a kind
used as fuel additives (CAS No. 24937-78-8) (provided for in
subheading 3811.90.00)..............................................................

9902.10.25

1/

Mixtures of tall oil mono-, di-, and triglycerides of a kind used
as lubricity improvers (CAS No. 97722-02-6) (provided for in
subheading 3811.90.00)..............................................................

9902.10.26

1/

Mixtures of caprolactam disulfide (CAS No. 23847-08-7) with
an elastomer binder of ethylene-propylene-diene monomer
and ethyl vinyl acetate, and dispersing agents (provided for in
subheading 3812.10.50)..............................................................

9902.10.27

1/

Mixtures of 3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea (CAS No.
330-54-1) with acrylate rubber (provided for in subheading
3812.10.50)...................................................................................

9902.10.28

1/

Mixtures of zinc dicyanato diamine
((T-4)-diamminebis(cyanato-κN)-zinc) (CAS No. 122012-52-6)
with an elastomer binder of ethylene-propylene-diene monomer
and ethyl vinyl acetate, and dispersing agents (provided for in
subheading 3812.10.50)..............................................................

9902.10.29

1/

Plasticizers containing diphenyl cresyl phosphate (CAS No.
26444-49-5), triphenyl phosphate (CAS No. 115-86-6), tricresyl
phosphate (CAS No. 1330-78-5), and phenyl dicresyl
phosphate (CAS No. 26446-73-1) (provided for in subheading
3812.20.10)...................................................................................

9902.10.30

1/

Mixture of phenyl esters of C10-C18 alkylsulfonic acids (CAS
No. 70775-94-9) (provided for in subheading 3812.20.10)......

9902.10.31

1/

Zinc 4-methyl-1H-benzimidazole-2-thiolate (CAS No.
61617-00-3) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60)............

9902.10.32

1/

2,4-Dimethyl-6-(1-methylpentadecyl)phenol (CAS No.
134701-20-5) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60)..........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 80

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.10.33

1/

1,3-Propanediamine, N,N” -1,2-ethanediylbis-, polymer with
2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine,reaction products with
N-butyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinamine (CAS No.
136504-96-6) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60)..........

9902.10.34

1/

Preparations containing
tetrakis[2,4-bis(2-methyl-2-propanyl)phenyl]
4,4'-biphenyldiylbis(phosphonite) (CAS No. 119345-01-6)
(provided for in subheading 3812.39.60)...................................

9902.10.35

1/

4-Methylphenol - tricyclo[5.2.2.02,6]undecane (1:1) (CAS No.
68610-51-5) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60)............

9902.10.36

1/

1,6-Hexanediamine,N1,N6-bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)-,
polymer with 2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine, reaction products
with 3-bromo-1-propene,N-butyl-1-butanamine and
N-butyl-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinamine, oxidized,
hydrogenated (CAS No. 247243-62-5) (provided for in
subheading 3812.39.90)..............................................................

9902.10.37

1/

Magnesium aluminum hydroxide carbonate (synthetic
hydrotalcite) (CAS No. 11097-59-9) (provided for in
subheading 2842.90.90); and magnesium aluminum hydroxide
carbonate (synthetic hydrotalcite) (CAS No. 11097-59-9)
coated with stearic acid (CAS No. 57-11-4) (provided for in
subheading 3812.39.90) .............................................................

9902.10.38

1/

Potassium methylate solution (CAS No. 865-33-8) (provided
for in subheading 3815.90.50)....................................................

9902.10.39

1/

Mixtures of polyethylene glycol (CAS No. 25322-68-3),
(acetate) pentammine cobalt dinitrate (CAS No. 14854-63-8),
and zinc carbonate (CAS No. 3486-35-9) (provided for in
subheading 3815.90.50)..............................................................

9902.10.40

1/

Mixture of precipitated silica gel (CAS No. 112926-00-8) and
(4-hydroxy-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-1-piperidinyl)oxidanyl (CAS
No. 2226-96-2) of a kind used as polymerization inhibitors
(provided for in subheading 3815.90.50)...................................

9902.10.41

1/

Mixtures of (acetato) pentammine cobalt dinitrate (CAS No.
14854-63-8) with a polymeric or paraffinic carrier (provided
for in subheading 3815.90.50)....................................................

9902.10.42

1/

Branched chain C24 mixed alkylbenzenes (CAS No.
68081-77-6) (provided for in subheading 3817.00.15)............

9902.10.43

1/

α-Hydro-ω-hydroxypoly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl)borate (CAS No.
71243-41-9) (provided for in subheading 3819.00.00)............

9902.10.44

1/

Monocarboxylic fatty acids derived from palm oil (provided for
in subheading 3823.19.20)..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.10.45

1/

Conjugated linoleic acids ((9Z,11E)-9,11-octadecadienoic acid
and (10E,12Z)-10,12-octadecadienoic acid) (CAS Nos.
2540-56-9 and 2420-56-6) (provided for in subheading
3823.19.40)...................................................................................

9902.10.46

1/

Lauryl-cetyl alcohol (alcohol, C12-C16) (CAS No. 68855-56-1)
(provided for in subheading 3823.70.40)...................................

9902.10.47

1/

Mixtures of barium carbonate (CAS No. 513-77-9), strontium
carbonate (CAS No. 1633-05-2), calcium carbonate (CAS No.
471-34-1), and 1-methoxy-2-propanyl acetate (CAS No.
108-65-6), of a kind for use as emitter suspension cathode
coating (provided for in subheading 3824.90.92) ....................

9902.10.48

1/

Mixtures containing 88 percent or more by weight of
poly[oxy(dimethylsilanediyl)]
bis[omega-butoxypoly(oxypropylene)] ether (CAS No.
67762-96-3), 8 percent or less by weight
α-butyl-ω-hydroxylpoly(oxypropylene) (CAS No. 9003-13-8)
and less than 4 percent by weight silica dimethylsilylate (CAS
No. 68611-44-9) (provided for in subheading 3824.90.92) .....

9902.10.49

1/

Mixtures of 2-amino-2,3-dimethylbutanenitrile (CAS No.
13893-53-3) and toluene (provided for in subheading
3824.99.28)...................................................................................

9902.10.50

1/

Preparations based on
N-(2-ethoxyphenyl)-N'-[4-(10-methylundecyl)phenyl]
ethanediamide (CAS No. 82493-14-9) (provided for in
subheading 3824.99.28) .............................................................

9902.10.52

1/

Mixtures of polymers based on tall oil fatty acids, phthalic
anhydride, glycerin and rosin (CAS No. 68015-39-4);
poly(isobutyl vinyl ether) (CAS No. 9003-44-5); zinc
2-ethylhexanoate (CAS No. 136-53-8); and more than 50
percent by weight of a hydrocarbon-based solvent (provided
for in subheading 3208.10.00) ...................................................

9902.10.53

1/

Mixtures of methyl esters of C16-C18 and C18 unsaturated
fatty acids (CAS No. 67762-38-3) and methyl hexadecanoate
(Methyl Palmitate) (CAS No. 112-39-0) (provided for in
subheading 3824.99.41) derived from coconut, palm-kernel
or palm oil, used other than as a fuel..........................................

9902.10.54

1/

N-Propylphosphorothioic triamide (CAS No. 916809-14-8)
(provided for in subheading 3824.99.92)...................................

9902.10.55

1/

Mixtures of sodium salts of iminodisuccinic acid (CAS No.
144538-83-0), whether or not in water (provided for in
subheading 3824.99.92)..............................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

XXII
99 - II - 81

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

0.5%

No change

No change

Free2/

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.1%3/

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Subheading 3824.90.92 was deleted from the tariff schedule; subheading 3824.99.92 likely covers the product named in this heading.
Consult U.S. Customs and Border Protection concerning the use of this duty suspension provision.
3/ Subheading 3824.90.92 was deleted from the tariff schedule; subheading 3824.99.92 likely covers the product named in this heading.
Consult U.S. Customs and Border Protection concerning the use of this duty reduction provision.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 82

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.10.56

1/

Mixtures of N,N'-1,2-ethanediylbis(N-acetylacetamide) with
organic binders (CAS No. 10543-57-4) (provided for in
subheading 3824.99.92)..............................................................

9902.10.57

1/

Mixtures of C5-C18 perfluorocarbon alkanes, perfluorocarbon
amines, and/or perfluorocarbon ethers (CAS No. 86508-42-1)
(provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) ..................................

9902.10.58

1/

Mixtures of
2-methyl-N-[2-(2-oxoimidazolidin-1-yl)ethyl]prop-2-enamide
(CAS No. 3089-19-8), 2-methylprop-2-enoic acid (CAS No.
79-41-4), 1-(2-aminoethyl)imidazolidin-2-one (CAS No.
6281-42-1) and benzene-1,4-diol (CAS No. 123-31-9)
(provided for in subheading 3824.99.92)...................................

9902.10.59

1/

Amorphous synthetic silica gel, silanized (CAS No.
112926-00-8) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92)..........

9902.10.60

1/

Sodium ethylate (sodium ethanolate) (CAS No. 141-52-6),
solution in ethanol (CAS No. 64-17-5) (provided for in
subheading 3824.99.92) .............................................................

9902.10.61

1/

Siloxanes and silicones, di-Me, polymers with Me
silsesquioxanes and polypropylene glycol mono-Bu ether (CAS
No. 68554-65-4), greater than 70 percent by weight, with less
than 8 percent percent by weight siloxanes and silicones,
di-Me, polymers with Me silsesquioxanes and
polyethylene-polypropylene glycol mono-Bu ether, less than 8
percent by weight poly(oxy(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)), α-butyl-ω
hydroxyl (CAS No. 9003-13-8), less than 2 percent by weight
oxirane, methyl-, polymer with oxirane, monobutylether (CAS
No. 9038-95-3), less than 8 percent by weight silanamine,
1,1,1, trimethyl (CAS No. 68909-20-6) and less than 1 percent
by weight silicon dioxide (CAS No. 7631-86-9) (provided for
in subheading 3824.99.92)..........................................................

9902.10.62

1/

1-O-Stearoyl-β-D-fructofuranosyl α-D-glucopyranoside
(Sucrose stearate) (CAS No. 25168-73-4) (provided for in
subheading 3824.99.92)..............................................................

9902.10.63

1/

Acid washed beta zeolite powder composed of mixtures of
aluminum, silicon and sodium oxides,
tetraethylammonium-hydroxide, and organic compounds (CAS
No. 1318-02-1) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92).......

9902.10.64

1/

2-Propenoic acid, C12-C14-alkyl esters, telomers with
ethylene, 2-ethylhexyl acrylate, propanal and vinyl acetate
(CAS No. 923958-45-6) (provided for in subheading
3901.90.90)...................................................................................

9902.10.65

1/

Polypropylene in pellet form, containing 18 percent or more
but not over 22 percent by weight of mineral filler (talc) (CAS
No. 9003-07-0) (provided for in subheading 3902.10.00).......

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 83

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.10.66

1/

Poly(isobutylene) hydroformylation products, reaction products
with ammonia (CAS No. 337367-30-3) (provided for in
subheading 3902.20.50)..............................................................

9902.10.67

1/

Poly(2-methylpropene) (polyisobutylene), other than
elastomeric (CAS No. 9003-27-4) (provided for in subheading
3902.20.50)...................................................................................

9902.10.68

1/

Poly(propylene-co-ethylene) (CAS No. 9010-79-1) (provided
for in subheading 3902.30.00)....................................................

9902.10.69

1/

Silane, ethenyltrimethoxy-, reaction products with
1-butene-ethylene-propene polymer (CAS No. 832150-35-3)
(provided for in subheading 3902.30.00) ..................................

9902.10.70

1/

Poly(propylene-co-1-butene-co-ethylene) (CAS No.
25895-47-0) (provided for in subheading 3902.30.00) ...........

9902.10.71

1/

C12-C18 alkenes, polymers with 4-methyl-1-pentene (CAS
Nos. 25155-83-3, 81229-87-0 and 103908-22-1) (provided
for in subheading 3902.90.00)....................................................

9902.10.72

1/

alpha-Alkenes (C20 -C24) maleic
anhydride-4-amino-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine, polymer
(CAS No. 152261-33-1) (provided for in subheading
3902.90.00)...................................................................................

9902.10.73

1/

Oligomeric poly(butadiene) (CAS No. 68441-52-1) (provided
for in subheading 3902.90.00)....................................................

9902.10.75

1/

Poly(vinyl acetate-co-vinyl chloride) (CAS No. 9003-22-9)
(provided for in subheading 3904.30.60) ..................................

9902.10.76

1/

Poly(fumaric acid-co-vinyl acetate-co-vinyl chloride) (CAS No.
32650-26-3) (provided for in subheading 3904.30.60) ...........

9902.10.77

1/

Poly(dibutyl (2Z)-2-butenedioate-co-vinyl
chloride-co-2-hydroxypropyl acrylate) (CAS No. 114653-42-8)
(provided for in subheading 3904.40.00) ..................................

9902.10.78

1/

Poly(vinyl chloride-co-hydroxypropyl acrylate) (CAS No.
53710-52-4) (provided for in subheading 3904.40.00) ...........

9902.10.79

1/

Poly(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-2-[(trifluoroethenyl)oxy]ethanesulfonyl
fluoride-co-tetrafluoroethylene) (CAS No. 1163733-25-2)
(provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ..................................

9902.10.80

1/

Poly(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-2-[(trifluoroethenyl)oxy]ethanesulfonyl
fluoride-co-tetrafluoroethylene) SO2F form (CAS No.
69462-70-0) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)............

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

5.0%

No change

No change

5.1%

No change

No change

5.9%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 84

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.10.81

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Poly(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-2-[(trifluoroethenyl)oxy]ethanesulfonyl
fluoride-co-tetrafluoroethylene) lithium salt (CAS No.
1687740-67-5) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)........

9902.10.82

1/

Poly(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-2-[(trifluoroethenyl)oxy]ethanesulfonyl
fluoride-co-tetrafluoroethylene) ammonium salt (CAS No.
1126091-34-6) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)........

9902.10.83

1/

1,1,2-Trifluoroethene - 1,1-difluoroethene (1:1) (Vinylidene
fluoride-trifluoroethylene copolymer) (CAS No. 28960-88-5)
(provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)...................................

9902.10.84

1/

Poly(1,1-difluoroethene-co-1-chloro-1,2,2-trifluoroethene-co
-1,1,2-trifluoroethene) (CAS No. 81197-12-8) (provided for in
subheading 3904.69.50)..............................................................

9902.10.85

1/

Mixtures of approximately 25 percent propanoic acid,
3-hydroxy-2-(hydroxymethyl)-2, methyl polymers with
5-isocyanato-1-(isocyanatomethyl)-1,3,3-trimethylcyclohexane
and reduced methyl esters of reduced polymerized, oxidized
tetrafluoroethylene, compounds with trimethylamine (CAS No.
328389-91-9), less than 1 percent 2-propanol (CAS No.
67-63-0) and less than 1 percent 2-butanone (CAS No.
78-93-3), remaining content water (provided for in subheading
3904.69.50)...................................................................................

9902.10.86

1/

Perfluoropolymethylisopropyl ether having a boiling point above
170 degrees Celsius (CAS No. 69991-67-9) (provided for in
subheading 3904.69.50)..............................................................

9902.10.87

1/

Mixture of
poly(1-[difluoro(trifluoromethoxy)methoxy]-1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro
-2-(trifluoromethoxy)ethane) (CAS No. 69991-61-3) and
Perfluoropolymethylisopropyl ether (CAS No. 69991-67-9)
(provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)...................................

9902.10.88

1/

1,1,2,2 Tetrafluoroethene, oxidized, polymerized (CAS No.
69991-61-3) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)............

9902.10.89

1/

Ethene, 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-, oxidized, polymerized, reduced,
ethyl esters, reduced, N-[2-[(2-methyl-1-oxo-2-propen-1-yl)
oxy] ethyl] carbamates (CAS No. 1385773-87-4) (provided for
in subheading 3904.69.50) .........................................................

9902.10.90

1/

1-Propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-Hexafluoro-, oxidzed, polymd., reduced,
hydrolized reaction products with ammonia (CAS No.
370097-12-4) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)..........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 85

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.1%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.10.91

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1-Propene, 1,1,2,3,3,3-hexafluoro-, oxidized, polymerized,
reduced, hydrolyzed (CAS No. 161075-14-5) (provided for in
subheading 3904.69.50)..............................................................

9902.10.92

1/

Ethene, 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-, oxidized, polymerized, reduced,
methyl esters, reduced, 2,3-dihydroxypropyl ethers (CAS No.
925918-64-5) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)..........

9902.10.93

1/

Polyperfluoroethoxymethoxydifluoroethyl polyethylene glycol
ether (CAS No. 88645-29-8) (provided for in subheading
3904.69.50)...................................................................................

9902.10.94

1/

Methoxycarbonyl-terminated perfluorinated
polyoxymethylene-polyoxyethylene (CAS No. 107852-49-3)
(provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)...................................

9902.10.95

1/

Ethene, tetrafluoro, oxidized, polymerized, reduced, methyl
esters, reduced, ethoxylated (CAS No. 162492-15-1) (provided
for in subheading 3904.69.50) ...................................................

9902.10.96

1/

Mixtures of 95 percent perfluoropolyether polyethoxy alcohol
(CAS No. 1260733-08-1) and 5 percent
2,2'-[oxybis(2,1-ethanediyloxy)]diethanol (Tetraethylene glycol)
(CAS No. 112-60-7) (provided for in subheading
3904.69.50)...................................................................................

9902.10.97

1/

1-Propamine, 3-(triethoxysilyl)-, reaction products with Etesters
of reduced polymd. oxidized poly(tetrafluoroethylene) (CAS
No. 223557-70-8) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50)
........................................................................................................

9902.10.98

1/

Poly(vinyl acetate), of a kind used in food preparations (CAS
No. 9003-20-7) (provided for in subheading 3905.19.00).......

9902.10.99

1/

Poly(vinyl acetate-co-crotonic acid) (CAS No. 25609-89-6)
(provided for in subheading 3905.19.00)...................................

9902.11.01

1/

Ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymers (other than those in aqueous
dispersions), containing 50 percent or more by weight of vinyl
acetate monomer (CAS No. 24937-78-8) (provided for in
subheading 3905.29.00)..............................................................

9902.11.02

1/

Polyvinyl formal resin (ethenol; [(ethenyloxy)methoxy]ethene
(CAS Nos. 63450-15-7, 63148-64-1, and 9003-33-2) (provided
for in subheading 3905.91.10) ...................................................

9902.11.03

1/

Aqueous mixtures of poly(vinyl alcohol) (CAS No. 110532-37-1)
and poly(vinylpyrrolidone) (CAS No. 9003-39-8) (provided for
in subheading 3905.99.80) .........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 86

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.04

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Poly(acrylic acid-co-(sodium
2-(acryloylamino)-2-methyl-1-propanesulfonate) sodium salt)
(CAS No. 136903-34-9) in granulated form (provided for in
subheading 3906.90.50)..............................................................

9902.11.05

1/

Poly(ammonium acryloyldimethyl taurate-co-vinyl pyrrolidone)
(CAS No. 335383-60-3) (provided for in subheading
3906.90.50)...................................................................................

9902.11.06

1/

Poly(acrylamide-co-sodium polyacrylate) (CAS No.
25085-02-3) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50)............

9902.11.07

1/

Poly(butyl methacrylate-co-(2-dimethylaminoethyl)
methacrylate-co-methyl methacrylate) 1:2:1 (CAS No.
24938-16-7) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50)............

9902.11.08

1/

Poly(ethyl acrylate-co-methyl
methacrylate-co-trimethylammonioethyl methacrylate chloride)
(CAS No. 33434-24-1) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50)
........................................................................................................

9902.11.09

1/

Poly(methacrylic acid-co-methyl methacrylate) (CAS No.
25086-15-1) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50)............

9902.11.10

1/

Poly(methyl acrylate-co-methyl methacrylate-co-methacrylic
acid) 7:3:1 (CAS No. 26936-24-3) (provided for in subheading
3906.90.50) ..................................................................................

9902.11.11

1/

Starch-g-poly (propenamide-co-2-propenoic acid) potassium
salt (CAS No. 863132-14-3) (Zeba) (provided for in subheading
3906.90.50)...................................................................................

9902.11.12

1/

Mixtures of
α-(3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl)
-1-oxopropyl)-ω-hydroxy-poly (oxy-1,2-ethanediyl) (CAS No.
104810-48-2);
α-(3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl)
-1-oxopropyl)-ω- (3-(3-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)
-5-(1,1-dimethylethyl) -4-hydroxyphenyl) -1-oxopropoxy)-poly
(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl) (CAS No. 104810-47-1); and polyethylene
glycol (CAS No. 25322-68-3) (provided for in subheading
3907.20.00)...................................................................................

9902.11.13

1/

Oxirane, 2-methyl-, polymer with oxirane, monoether with
1,2-propanediol mono(2-methyl-2-propenoate) (CAS No.
220846-90-2) (provided for in subheading 3907.20.00) .........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 87

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.14

1/

Mixtures of approximately 20 percent or less diphosphoric
acid, polymers with ethoxylated reduced methyl esters of
reduced polymerized oxidized tetrafluoroethylene (CAS No.
200013-65-6) and less than 10 percent
2-(2-methoxypropoxy)-1-propanol (CAS No. 34590-94-8),
remaining content is water (provided for in subheading
3907.20.00)...................................................................................

9902.11.15

1/

Heat-curable epoxy resin mixture containing more than 30
percent by weight of
4,4'-(9H-fluorene-9,9-diyl)bis(2-chloroaniline) (CAS No.
107934-68-9) as a curing agent (provided for in subheading
3907.30.00)...................................................................................

9902.11.16

1/

Mixtures of ethanaminium,
2-hydroxy-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-N,N-dimethyl-, methyl sulfate
(1:1), polymer with 2-(chloromethyl)oxirane,
1,3-diisocyanatomethylbenzene,
a-hydro-w-hydroxypoly[oxy(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)] and
1,2,3-propanetriol (CAS No. 82294-81-3); Phenol,
4,4'-(1-methylethylidene)bis-, polymer with
2-(chloromethyl)oxirane (CAS No. 25068-38-6); and
Formamide, N,N-dimethyl-(CAS No. 68-12-2) (provided for in
subheading 3907.30.00) .............................................................

9902.11.17

1/

1,2-Bis-O-(2-oxiranylmethyl)-D-glucitol (CAS No. 68412-01-1)
(provided for in subheading 3907.30.00)...................................

9902.11.18

1/

Sulfonated polyethylene terephthalate (CAS No. 63534-56-5)
(provided for in subheading 3907.60.00)...................................

9902.11.19

1/

Poly(dimethyl carbonate-co-1,6-hexanediol) (CAS No.
101325-00-2) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50)..........

9902.11.20

1/

Dimethyl carbonate polymer with 1,6-hexanediol copolymer
and 2-oxepanone (CAS No. 282534-15-0) (provided for in
subheading 3907.99.50)..............................................................

9902.11.21

1/

Poly[(dimethyl
butanedioate-co-1-(2-hydroxyethyl)-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidin-4-ol)]
(CAS No. 65447-77-0) (provided for in subheading
3907.99.50)...................................................................................

9902.11.23

1/

Polymer of 1,4-benzenedicarboxylic acid with 1,4-butanediol
and hexanedioic acid (CAS No. 60961-73-1) (provided for in
subheading 3907.99.50) .............................................................

9902.11.24

1/

1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4 butanediol
and decanedioc acid (CAS No. 28205-74-5) (provided for in
subheading 3907.99.50) .............................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

0.3%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free2/

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Subheading 3907.60.00 was deleted from the tariff schedule; the product named in the heading may be classifiable in subheading
3907.61.00 or 3907.69.00. Consult U.S. Customs and Border Protection relating to the use of this duty suspension provision.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 88

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.26

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4-butanediol,
hexanedioic acid and nonanedioic acid (CAS No. 83064-08-8)
(provided for in subheading 3907.99.50)...................................

9902.11.27

1/

1,4-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4-butanediol,
decanedioic acid and hexanedioic acid (CAS No.109586-86-9)
(provided for in subheading 3907.99.50) ..................................

9902.11.28

1/

1,2-Benzenedicarboxylic acid, 3,4,5,6-tetrabromo-, polymer
with 2-ethyl-2-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3-propanediol, hexanedioic
acid,
2,2-((1-methylethylidene)bis(4,1-phenyleneoxymethylene))
bis(oxirane) and 1,2-propanediol in toluene (CAS No.
68568-64-9) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50)............

9902.11.29

1/

Poly(1,4-benzenedicarboxylic
acid-co-1,4-butanediol-co-nonanedioic acid) (CAS No.
26590-80-7) (provided for in subheading 3907.99.50)............

9902.11.30

1/

Dodecanedioic acid, polymer with 4,4ʹ-methylenebis(2-
methylcyclohexanamine) (CAS No. 163800-66-6) (provided
for in subheading 3908.10.00)....................................................

9902.11.31

1/

Micro-porous, ultrafine, spherical polyamide powders of
polyamide 6 (CAS No. 356040-79-4), polyamide-12 (CAS No.
338462-62-7) and polyamide 6, 12 (CAS No. 356040-89-6)
(provided for in subheading 3908.10.00 or 3908.90.70)..........

9902.11.32

1/

Poly{(azacyclotridecan-2-one)-co-(1,3-benzenedicarboxylic
acid; 1,4-benzenedicarboxylic acid)-alt-(1,6-hexanediamine;
4,4'-methylenebis[cyclohexanamine];
4,4'-methylenebis[2-methylcyclohexanamine])} (CAS No.
1030611-14-3) (provided for in subheading 3908.90.70)........

9902.11.33

1/

Poly{(azacyclotridecan-2-one)-co-(1,3-benzenedicarboxylic
acid; 1,4-benzenedicarboxylic
acid)-alt-(4,4'-methylenebis[2-methylcyclohexanamine])} (CAS
No. 62694-40-0) (provided for in subheading 3908.90.70)......

9902.11.34

1/

Mixtures containing 40 to 60 percent by weight formaldehyde
polymers with aniline (CAS No. 25214-70-4) and 60 to 40
percent by weight 4,4'-methylendianiline (CAS No. 101-77-9)
(provided for in subheading 3909.39.00)...................................

9902.11.35

1/

Poly(phenol-co-formaldehyde-co-4-(1,1-dimethylethyl)phenol)
(CAS No. 28453-20-5) (provided for in subheading
3909.40.00)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.36

1/

4-tert-Butylphenol; formaldehyde;
4-[2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)propyl]phenol (CAS No. 54579-44-1)
(provided for in subheading 3909.40.00)...................................

9902.11.37

1/

Mixture of polymers of formaldehyde-1,3-benzenediol (1:1)
(CAS No. 24969-11-7) and unreacted 1,3-Benzenediol (CAS
No. 108-46-3) (provided for in subheading 3909.40.00).........

9902.11.38

1/

2-Oxepanone polymer with 1,4-butanediol and 5-
isocyanato-1-(isocyanatomethyl)-1,3,3- trimethylcyclohexane,
2-ethyl-1-hexanol-blocked (CAS No. 189020-69-7) (provided
for in subheading 3909.50.50) ...................................................

9902.11.39

1/

9902.11.40

1/

Hexanedioic acid, dihydrazide, polymer with
5-amino-1,3,3-trimethylcyclohexanemethanamine,
1,3-butanediol and
1,1'-methylenebis[4-isocyanatocyclohexane], methyl ethyl
ketone oxime- and polyethylene glycol mono-methyl
ether-blocked in aqueous solution (CAS No. 200295-51-8)
(provided for in subheading 3909.50.50) ..................................

Oxirane, 2-methyl-, polymer with oxirane, ether with
1,2,3-propanetriol (3:1), polymer with
2,4-diisocyanato-1-methylbenzene and
α-hydro-ω-hydroxypoly[oxy(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)] ether with
2-ethyl-2-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3-propanediol (3:1),
caprolactam-blocked (CAS No. 936346-53-1) (provided for in
subheading 3909.50.50) .............................................................

9902.11.41

1/

1,3 Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with
2-ethyl-2-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3-propanediol, hexanedioic acid,
1,6-hexanediol, 1,3-isobenzofurandione and
1,1'-methylenebis[4-isocyanatobenzene], di-ethyl
malonate-blocked (CAS No. 200414-59-1) (provided for in
subheading 3909.50.50)..............................................................

9902.11.42

1/

Poly[oxy(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)],α-hydro-ω-hydroxy- and 5-
isocyanato-1-(isocyanatomethyl)-1,3,3- trimethylcyclohexane
(Isophorone diisocyanate) (CAS No. 1012318-97-6) (provided
for in 3909.50.50)..........................................................................

9902.11.43

1/

1,4:5,8-Dimethanonaphthalene,
2-ethylidene-1,2,3,4,4a,5,8,8a-octahydro-, polymer with
3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-4,7-methano-1H-indene, hydrogenated
(CAS No. 881025-72-5), presented in pellet form (provided
for in subheading 3911.90.25)....................................................

9902.11.44

1/

Polyethylenimine (CAS No. 9002-98-6), refrigerated, in
containers not holding over 1 L (provided for in subheading
3911.90.25)...................................................................................

9902.11.45

1/

Polyethylenimine (CAS No. 9002-98-6), of a kind used as a
component for further manufacturing into a finished medical
device (provided for in subheading 3911.90.25) .....................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

XXII
99 - II - 89

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 90

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.46

1/

1,6-diisocyanatohexane; 2,4-diisocyanato-1-methylbenzene
polymer (CAS No. 26426-91-5) in n-butyl acetate (provided
for in subheading 3911.90.45) ...................................................

9902.11.47

1/

Poly(toluene diisocyanate) (CAS No. 26006-20-2) (provided
for in subheading 3911.90.45)....................................................

9902.11.48

1/

Water-dispersible polyisocyanate products based on
poly(hexamethylene diisocyanate) (CAS No. 28182-81-2) and
dimethyldicyclohexylamine compounds with
3-(cyclohexylamino)-1-propanesulfonic
acid-poly(1,6-diisocyanatohexane) (CAS No. 666723-27-9)
(provided for in subheading 3911.90.90)...................................

9902.11.49

1/

Poly(1,6-diisocyanatohexane)-block-polyethylene-block-poly
(1-butoxypropan-2-ol) (CAS no. 125252-47-3) (provided for
in subheading 3911.90.90) .........................................................

9902.11.50

1/

N,N',N''-[(2,4,6-Trioxo-1,3,5-triazine-1,3,5(2H,4H,6H)-triyl)
tris [methylene(3,5,5-trimethyl-3,1-cyclohexanediyl)]] tris
[hexahydro-2-oxo-1H-azepine-1-carboxamide] (CAS No.
68975-83-7) in organic solvent (provided for in subheading
3911.90.90)...................................................................................

9902.11.51

1/

3,5-Dimethyl-1H-pyrazole-oligo(hexamethylene diisocyanate)
in solvents (CAS No. 163206-31-3) (provided for in subheading
3911.90.90)...................................................................................

9902.11.52

1/

α-Alkenes, C14-C20, polymers with maleic anhydride,
2-(1-piperazinyl) ethylimides, plasticized with diisononyl
phthalate (CAS No. 28553-12-0) and
bis(1-methylethyl)-naphthalene (CAS No. 38640-62-9)
(provided for in subheading 3911.90.90)...................................

9902.11.53

1/

2,4-Diisocyanato-1-methylbenzene;
5-(1,3-dioxo-2-benzofuran-5-carbonyl)-2-benzofuran-1,3-dione;
1-isocyanato-4-[(4-isocyanatophenyl)methyl]benzene (CAS
No. 58698-66-1) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) .....

9902.11.54

1/

Poly(ethylene-ran-(2-norbornene)) (CAS No. 26007-43-2),
comprising 64 (plus or minus 3) percent by weight ethylene
(CAS No. 74-85-1), having a glass transition temperature of
78 (plus or minus 4) °C, and containing not less than 3 percent
by weight polyethylene (CAS No. 9002-88-4) (provided for in
subheading 3911.90.90)..............................................................

9902.11.55

1/

1,6-Hexanediamine,
N,N'-bis(2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinyl)-polymer with
2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine, reaction products with
N-butyl-1-butanamine and
N-buty-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinamine (CAS No.
192268-64-7)(provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) ..........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 91

Effective
Period

Poly(divinylbenzene-co-ethylstyrene) (CAS No. 9043-77-0)
(provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) ..................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.56

1/

9902.11.57

1/

9902.11.58

1/

Industrial grade nitrocellulose, having a nitrogen content of
less than 12.4 percent on a dry weight basis, damped with an
alcohol content of 28 to 32 percent by weight (CAS No.
9004-70-0), presented in fiber drums each containing 85 kg,
100 kg, 110 kg or 120 kg of such nitrocellulose, certified by
the importer as made from at least 50 percent cotton linter or
wood pulp and as having each such drum lined with an
antistatic plastic bag and equipped with a coupling for
mechanical unloading (provided for in subheading
3912.20.00)...................................................................................

Industrial grade nitrocellulose, having a nitrogen content of
less than 12.4 percent on a dry weight basis, damped with an
alcohol content of 33 to 37 percent by weight (CAS No.
9004-70-0), presented in fiber drums each containing 85 kg,
100 kg, 110 kg or 120 kg of such nitrocellulose, the foregoing
certified by the importer as made from at least 80 percent
cotton linters, wood pulp and ethanol, with such fiber drums
each lined with an antistatic plastic bag and equipped with a
coupling for mechanical unloading (provided for in subheading
3912.20.00)...................................................................................

9902.11.59

1/

Sodium alginate (CAS No. 9005-38-3) (provided for in
subheading 3913.10.00)..............................................................

9902.11.60

1/

Propylene glycol alginates (CAS No. 9005-37-2) (provided for
in subheading 3913.10.00)..........................................................

9902.11.61

1/

Alginic acid (CAS No. 9005-32-7), ammonium alginate (CAS
No. 9005-34-9), potassium alginate (CAS No. 9005-36-1),
calcium alginate (CAS No. 9005-35-0) and magnesium alginate
(CAS No. 37251-44-8) (provided for in subheading 3913.10.00)
........................................................................................................

9902.11.62

1/

Sodium alginate (CAS No. 9005-38-3) containing citrate
(provided for in subheading 3913.10.00)...................................

9902.11.63

1/

Sodium hyaluronate (CAS No. 9067-32-7) (provided for in
subheading 3913.90.20) .............................................................

9902.11.64

1/

Ion-exchange resin, copolymerized from acrylonitrile with
divinylbenzene, ethylvinylbenzene and 1,7-octadiene,
hydrolyzed (CAS No. 130353-60-5) (provided for in subheading
3914.00.60)...................................................................................

9902.11.65

1/

Ion-exchange resin consisting of poly(acrylic
acid-co-2,2'-oxydiethanol-co-ethenoxyethene), acid form (CAS
No. 359785-58-3) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60)....

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

4.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 92

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.66

1/

Ion-exchange resin comprised of divinylbenzene
co-polymerized with styrene and ethylstyrene (CAS No.
9052-95-3) in spherical beads with a mean particle size
between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading
3914.00.60) ..................................................................................

9902.11.67

1/

Ion-exchange resin comprised of a copolymer of methacrylic
acid cross-linked with divinylbenzene, in the hydrogen ionic
form (CAS No. 50602-21-6) (provided for in subheading
3914.00.60)...................................................................................

9902.11.68

1/

Ion-exchange resin utilizing a type I quaternary ammonium
functional group consisting of benzene (chloromethyl)ethenyl-
, polymer with diethenylbenzene, compound with N,N-
diethylethanamine (CAS No. 63453-90-7) in spherical beads
with a mean particle size between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided
for in subheading 3914.00.60) ...................................................

9902.11.69

1/

9902.11.70

1/

Ion-exchange resin, free base form, utilizing a tertiary amine
functional group consisting of 2-propenamide, N-[3-
(dimethylamino)propyl]-, polymer with diethenylbenzene and
1,1'-[oxybis(2,1-ethanediyloxy)]bis[ethene] (CAS No.
65899-87-8) in spherical beads with a mean particle size
between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading
3914.00.60)...................................................................................

Ion-exchange resin, chloride form, utilizing a quarternary
ammonium functional group, consisting of
1,2-bis(ethenyl)benzene;
4-[(E)-2-[(E)-2-but-3-enoxyethenoxy]ethenoxy]but-1-ene;
trimethyl-[3-(prop-2-enoylamino)propyl]azanium; chloride (CAS
No. 65997-24-2) in spherical beads with a mean particle size
between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading
3914.00.60)...................................................................................

9902.11.71

1/

Ion-exchange resin comprising sodium salts of sulfonated
poly(divinylbenzene-co-ethylstyrene-co-styrene) (CAS No.
69011-22-9) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60)............

9902.11.72

1/

Anion ion-exchange resin, hydroxide form, chloromethylated,
and 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol-quaternized hydroxide of
poly(divinylbenzene-co-styrene-co-ethylstyrene) (CAS No.
69011-16-1) in spherical beads with a mean particle size
between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading
3914.00.60) ..................................................................................

9902.11.73

1/

Chloromethylated, trimethylamine-quaternized
poly(divinylbenzene-co-styrene-co-ethylstyrene) (CAS No.
69011-19-4) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60)............

9902.11.74

1/

Poly(divinylbenzene-co-acrylic acid) (CAS No. 9052-45-3)
(provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ..................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 93

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.75

1/

Iminidiacetic acid ion-exchange resin (sodium
2,2'-[(4-vinylbenzyl)imino]diacetate - 1,4-divinylbenzene (2:1:1)
(CAS no. 70660-50-3) in spherical beads with a mean particle
size between 0.425 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading
3914.00.60) ..................................................................................

9902.11.76

1/

Ion-exchange resin and chelating resin, with a isothiouronium
functional group, iminodiacetic acid ion-exchange resin (CAS
No. 109945-55-3) in spherical beads with a mean particle size
between 0.30 and 1.20 mm (provided for in subheading
3914.00.60) ..................................................................................

9902.11.77

1/

Ion-exchange resin and chelating resin with an
aminophosphoric functional group, polystyrene resin with
aminophosphonic acid groups (CAS No. 125935-42-4) in
spherical beads with a mean particle size between 0.30 and
1.20 mm (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) ..................

9902.11.78

1/

Potassium methacrylate-divinylbenzene copolymer (Polacrilin
potassium) (CAS No. 65405-55-2) (provided for in subheading
3914.00.60) ..................................................................................

9902.11.79

1/

Strips wholly of expanded poly(tetrafluoroethylene) (PTFE)
(CAS No. 9002-84-0), noncellular, with adhesive backing, of
a thickness greater than 3 mm but not over 30 mm, presented
rolled in spools, certified by the importer as having a tensile
strength of 24.1 MPa (3,500 psi) or higher per American
Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM) F-152 (provided for
in subheading 3916.90.50) .........................................................

9902.11.80

1/

Insulated tubes of plastics, not reinforced, without fittings,
presented in the form of hose, the foregoing tubes having
polyethylene pipes inserted therein and suitable for use in hot
water supply or heating systems (provided for in subheading
3917.32.00)...................................................................................

9902.11.81

1/

Polyethylene micro-tubes, having an interior diameter of 0.01
mm and wall thickness of 0.05 mm (provided for in subheading
3917.32.00) ..................................................................................

9902.11.82

1/

Plastic elbows, holding pins, bend supports, anchor clips,
staples of a kind used in construction applications (provided
for in subheading 3917.40.00)....................................................

9902.11.83

1/

Transparent polypropylene coextruded flat film in rolls with a
thickness between 162-198µm and a width between 396-398
mm (provided for in subheading 3920.20.00)...........................

9902.11.84

1/

Sheets of plastics of poly(methyl methacrylate), noncellular
and not reinforced, laminated, supported or similarly combined
with other materials, not flexible, the foregoing of a kind used
to produce counter tops or edging, cabinet tops, faces or edges
for home or office furnishings (provided for in subheading
3920.51.50)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

5.1%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

3.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

XXII
99 - II - 94

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.85

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Flexible film of acrylic polymers, other than poly(methyl
methacrylate) (provided for in subheading 3920.59.10)..........

1/

Free

No change

No change

9902.11.86

1/

Poly(vinyl butyral) film (CAS No. 27360-07-2), certified by the
importer to be used in aircraft (provided for in subheading
3920.91.00)...................................................................................

1/

3.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

9902.11.87

1/

Sheets of regenerated cellulose, cellular, nonadhesive,
rectangular in shape and measuring 750 mm or more but not
over 885 mm in length, 765 mm or more but not over 885 mm
in width and 0.9 mm or more but not over 1.9 mm in thickness
(provided in for subheading 3921.14.00)...................................

9902.11.88

1/

Expanded poly(tetrafluoroethylene) (PTFE) nonadhesive
cellular sheets, of a thickness greater than 1.5 mm but not
more than 3.0 mm, certified by the importer as having a tensile
strength of at least 48.3 MPa (7,000 psi) per ASTM F-152
(CAS No. 9002-84-0) (provided for in subheading
3921.19.00)...................................................................................

9902.11.89

1/

Expanded poly(tetrafluoroethylene) (PTFE) nonadhesive
cellular sheets, of a thickness greater than 3.0 mm but not
more than 6.0 mm, certified by the importer as having a tensile
strength of at least 48.3 MPa (7,000 psi) per ASTM F-152
(CAS No. 9002-84-0) (provided for in subheading
3921.19.00)...................................................................................

9902.11.90

1/

Injection molded thermoplastic dental restorative product
containers, designed for use in a dispensing system, each
container with capacity not over 50 ml (provided for in
subheading 3923.30.00) .............................................................

9902.11.91

1/

Plug-type closures of polyethylene, suitable for use in capping
specimen tubes and measuring 15 mm in length; each closure
having an upper portion designed to extend beyond the
specimen tube to permit holding of the closure, such upper
portion having a diameter of 15.5 mm and thickness of 3.3 mm
and having a notched groove; with the bottom portion of such
closure designed for insertion into a specimen tube having a
diameter measuring approximately 11.7 mm; the foregoing
closures certified by the importer as for use in an automated
insertion system (provided for in subheading 3923.50.00)......

9902.11.92

1/

Injection molded thermoplastic dental restorative product
dispenser closures fitting containers with capacity less than
or equal to 50 ml (provided for in subheading 3923.50.00) .....

9902.11.93

1/

Plastic lids certified by the importer for use on food storage
containers (provided for in 3923.50.00).....................................

9902.11.94

1/

Plastic cap for sport water bottle of the squeezable type
(provided for in 3923.50.00)........................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

1.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 95

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.11.95

1/

Cutlery of plastics, each piece individually wrapped in
polypropylene film, presented with such wrapped cutlery joined
together by skewers for ease of loading in a fully enclosed
dispensing system (provided for in subheading 3924.10.40)
........................................................................................................

9902.11.96

1/

Cutlery of plastics, presented with quantities of identical cutlery
items joined together by paper wrapping or paper banding
designed for ease of loading in a fully enclosed dispensing
system (provided for in subheading 3924.10.40) ....................

9902.11.97

1/

Disposable cutlery of plastics, containing by weight over 96
percent of polypropylene, presented without being individually
wrapped, grouped, banded or skewered for ease of loading in
a fully enclosed dispensing system (provided for in subheading
3924.10.40)...................................................................................

9902.11.98

1/

Pans or inserts of plastics, of a type designed for pet crates of
metal wire as inserts to create a solid interior surface (provided
for in subheading 3924.90.56)....................................................

9902.11.99

1/

Plastic ornamentation designed for aquariums that house fish,
reptiles or small pets (provided for in subheading
3924.90.56)...................................................................................

9902.12.01

1/

Boxing and mixed martial arts gloves of plastics (provided for
in subheading 3926.20.30)..........................................................

9902.12.02

1/

Handles of plastics for coolers of heading 9403 (provided for
in subheading 3926.30.10)..........................................................

9902.12.03

1/

Belting, for machinery, of plastic, containing textile components,
in which man-made or vegetable fiber do not predominate by
weight over any other textile fiber, of a width exceeding 120
cm, but not more than 171 cm (provided for in subheading
3926.90.59) ..................................................................................

9902.12.04

1/

Fasteners of nylon or of polypropylene, with a filament length
of 6 mm or more but not over 127 mm, presented on clips each
holding the quantity of 25, 50 or 100 pieces, suitable for use
in a mechanical attaching device (provided for in subheading
3926.90.85) ..................................................................................

9902.12.05

1/

Plastic components of a kind used as one-piece internal top
and bottom dividers for golf bags (provided for in subheading
3926.90.99)...................................................................................

9902.12.06

1/

Vinyl rings, slitted on one side to attach to bottom of toilet brush
caddies, valued no greater than $0.083 each (provided for in
subheading 3926.90.99) .............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

0.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

4.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 96

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.07

1/

Cut-to-shape pieces or profiles of polyvinyl chloride plastics,
the foregoing designed to be attached to the edge of a dust
pan tray having contact with the floor or other surface, rigid
and flexible in form, each measuring 24.77 cm to 30 cm in
length and 1.35 cm to 1.87 cm in width, valued not over $0.09
each (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ........................

9902.12.08

1/

Adjustable squeeze-trigger bar clamps of plastics (provided
for in subheading 3926.90.99)....................................................

9902.12.09

1/

Back-shell style smartphone cases of hard plastics, each
incorporating flexible rubber over command buttons and
specially fitted rigid plastic clip with adjustable neoprene fabric
armband (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99)..................

9902.12.10

1/

Rectangular plastic block filled with a polymer based freezer
gel, designed to attach to reusable food storage containers
(provided for in 3926.90.99) .......................................................

9902.12.11

1/

9902.12.12

1/

9902.12.13

1/

Accessories of plastics for cameras of subheading 8525.80.40,
each incorporating a handheld camera grip, folding extension
arms and a tripod screwed into the base of the handle the
foregoing measuring between 50 and 53 cm when fully
extended without the tripod, 62 to 65 cm when fully extended
with the tripod and 18 to 21 cm when folded and collapsed
(provided for in subheading 3926.90.99). .................................

Mounts of plastics, designed to secure cameras of subheading
8525.80.40 to a person's head; each mount incorporating an
adjustable head-strap designed to encircle the forehead, a
strap designed to cross the top of the user's head, a plastic
mount designed to clip the camera to the head strap, a
thumbscrew to allow the mounting of the camera and the
adjustment of the viewing direction of the camera on a pivot
(provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ..................................

Accessories of plastics, designed for use with cameras of
subheading 8525.80.40; such goods measuring between 14
cm and 17 cm in length, buoyant in water, each incorporating
a handle designed to allow a user to grip with the hand, an
adjustable hand-strap and an adjustable thumb screw designed
to permit mounting of the camera and adjusting the viewing
angle of the camera on a pivot (provided for in subheading
3926.90.99). .................................................................................

9902.12.14

1/

Mounts of plastics, engineered to attach to cameras of
subheading 8525.80.40; designed to attach to flat surfaces by
means of a round suction cup measuring between 8 and 10
cm in diameter; each incorporating x, y and z-directional pivots
to adjust the camera's viewpoint (provided for in subheading
3926.90.99). .................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

0.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 97

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.15

1/

Camera mounts of plastics, designed to clamp to tubes
measuring 10 to 23 mm, each mount designed to hold two
cameras in such positions as to permit the user to take photos
with immersive front-facing and rear-facing perspectives
(provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ..................................

9902.12.16

1/

Mounting frame enclosures for digital still image video cameras
of subheading 8525.80.40, incorporating openings for camera
microSD, micro HDMI and USB ports, camera latching
mechanism, and glass protective screen (provided for in
subheading 3926.90.99)..............................................................

9902.12.17

1/

Camera mounts of plastics, engineered to operate with
cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 and facilitate mounting of
cameras onto tubes measuring 3.5 to 6.35 cm in diameter, the
foregoing incorporating a base capable of rotating the camera
360 degrees on a plane (provided for in subheading
3926.90.99) ..................................................................................

9902.12.18

1/

Mounting frame enclosures of plastics, designed for digital still
image video cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, the foregoing
incorporating an adhesive circular base of a diameter of 15
cm (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99).............................

9902.12.19

1/

Plastic screen protectors having dimensions not exceeding 40
mm by 60 mm but at least 35 mm by 50 mm for digital still
image video cameras of 8525.80.40 (provided for in
subheading 3926.90.99)..............................................................

9902.12.20

1/

Replacement doors of plastics, designed for use on waterproof
camera housings (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99).....

9902.12.21

1/

Replacement side doors of plastics, designed for housings for
digital still image video cameras of subheading 8525.80.40
(provided for in subheading 3926.90.99)...................................

9902.12.22

1/

Camera mounts of plastics, designed to attach cameras of
subheading 8525.80.40 securely onto tubes measuring 9 to
35 mm in diameter, each incorporating a base capable of
rotating the camera 360 degrees on a plane (provided for in
subheading 3926.90.99) .............................................................

9902.12.23

1/

Camera mounts of plastics, designed to hold cameras of
subheading 8525.80.40, each mount measuring 4 and 10 cm
in length, 3 to 5 cm in width and less than 2 cm in height,
incorporating adhesive pads to attach the mount to flat surfaces
(provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ..................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 98

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.24

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

2.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Camera mounts each designed to clip a camera of subheading
8525.80.40 to a surfboard, such mounts of plastics, designed
to be inserted into a cross-sectional hole drilled into the
surfboard and held thereto by screws (provided for in
3926.90.99) ..................................................................................

9902.12.25

1/

Anchors suitable for use with cameras of subheading
8525.80.40, designed to be affixed to cameras by means of
an adhesive, incorporating tethers that may be tied to the
anchors (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99) ...................

9902.12.26

1/

Camera mounts of plastics, each with an elongated, segmented
plastic neck composed of 6 to 8 ball joints, incorporating a
base that clips into other types of mounts but not incorporating
a clamp, engineered to mount cameras of subheading
8525.80.40 (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99). ............

9902.12.27

1/

Sets each containing five camera mounts of plastics, designed
for cameras of subheading 8525.80.40; such sets each
containing mounts having various different profile
configurations including but not limited to rectangular, curved
or raised profiles (provided for in subheading 3926.90.99)......

9902.12.28

1/

Camera mounts of plastics, designed for mounting cameras
of subheading 8525.80.40 to musical instruments or
microphone stands; each incorporating a spring-loaded clamp
and a folding extension arm (provided for in subheading
3926.90.99) ..................................................................................

9902.12.29

1/

Conveyor belting of vulcanized rubber, reinforced with textile
components in which man-made fibers predominate by weight
over any other single textile fiber, of a width exceeding 120 cm
but not over 171 cm (provided for in subheading
4010.12.50)...................................................................................

9902.12.30

1/

Gaskets, washers and other seals, of vulcanized rubber other
than hard rubber, of a kind in the automotive goods of chapter
87 (provided for in subheading 4016.93.10).............................

9902.12.31

1/

Toys for pets made of noncellular vulcanized rubber, other
than hard rubber, with felt textile covering, without holes
(provided for in subheading 4016.99.20)...................................

9902.12.32

1/

Camera flotation devices of vulcanized rubber other than hard
rubber, cellular rubber or natural rubber, such devices
measuring 6 to 9 cm in length, 4 to 6 cm in width and 2 to 6
cm in depth; the foregoing whether designed to encase the
camera or to be attached to the camera by means of an
adhesive pad (provided for in subheading 4016.99.60) ..........

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 99

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.33

1/

Flotation devices of vulcanized rubber other than of hard
rubber, designed for use with cameras of subheading
8525.80.40, such devices with length, width and height
dimensions all smaller than 50 mm and either designed to
encase the camera or to attach to the camera by an adhesive
pad (provided for in 4016.99.60) ...............................................

9902.12.34

1/

Whole, tanned bovine hides, full grain unsplit or grain splits,
in the dry state, not further prepared after tanning or crusting,
having a unit surface area of 5.11 m2 or more but not over 6.04
m2, certified by the importer for use in the production of
upholstery (provided for in subheading 4104.41.50) ...............

9902.12.35

1/

Life jackets designed for pets, such jackets of neoprene and
ripstop fabrics and with attached reflectors and handles
(provided for in subheading 4201.00.60)...................................

9902.12.37

1/

9902.12.38

1/

Doll diaper bags, with an outer surface of cotton textile material,
each measuring not over 25 cm in width, 22 cm in height
exclusive of handles and 10 cm in depth; such bags designed
to hold and carry doll diapers and other doll-related accessories
and having an attached flap designed to serve as a diaper
changing mat for dolls (provided for in subheading
4202.92.15)...................................................................................

Sleeping bag carrying bags (“stuff sacks”), of woven taffeta
fabric of polyester with 160 or more but not over 210 thread
count, formed from 22 or more but not over 112 decitex yarns;
such bags or sacks each weighing 25 g/m2 or more but not
over 250 g/m2, having a drawstring closure, measuring 77.5
cm or more but not over 127.7 cm in circumference, valued
not over $2 each, not presented with or containing sleeping
bags (provided for in subheading 4202.92.31) ........................

9902.12.39

1/

Backpacks or totes, each with an outer surface of man-made
fiber textile material, specially designed for carrying dolls and
containing straps, sleeves, netting or other restraints
specifically designed to hold a doll in place, incorporating one
or more exterior windows through which a doll can be viewed
(provided for in subheading 4202.92.31)...................................

9902.12.40

1/

Backpacks or totes, each with an outer surface of man-made
fiber textile material, specially designed for carrying dolls and
containing straps, sleeves, netting or other restraints
specifically designed to hold a doll in place, not incorporating
any exterior windows through which a doll can be viewed
(provided for in subheading 4202.92.31)...................................

9902.12.41

1/

Shopping bags with outer surface of spun-bonded fabric of
polypropylene or nonwoven fabric of polypropylene (provided
for in subheading 4202.92.31)....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

4.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

16.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 100

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.42

1/

Backpacks of man-made fibers, each containing a padded
compartment designed for a laptop or tablet, with hard molded
plastic shell in the shape of a shield on one outer surface
(provided for in subheading 4202.92.31)...................................

9902.12.43

1/

Backpacks of man-made fibers, each containing a padded
compartment designed for a laptop or tablet, with hard molded
plastic shell in the shape of one or more animals or animal
parts on one outer surface (provided for in subheading
4202.92.31)...................................................................................

9902.12.44

1/

Backpacks of man-made fibers, each containing a padded
compartment designed for a laptop ortablet, with hard molded
plastic shell in a shape other than a shield or animals or animal
parts on one outer surface (provided for in subheading
4202.92.31)...................................................................................

9902.12.45

1/

9902.12.46

1/

Backpacks with outer surface of 230 decitex fabric of nylon
and with laminated polyester knitted backing inner surface;
such backpacks each weighing 0.85 kg but not over 1 kg,
measuring 0.018 m3 but not over 0.022 m3 in volume; valued
$14 or more but not over $21 each; the foregoing each
presented with a detachable front pouch having its own
shoulder strap (provided for in subheading 4202.92.31).........

Binocular carrying cases with outer surface of
camouflage-printed woven fabric of man-made fibers coated
with plastics, each with a padded interior and both a zipper
and magnetic closures, designed to be carried on the front
side of the body and supported by shoulder straps stabilized
with a back harness, weighing no more than 382.544 g, valued
$20 or more (provided for in subheading 4202.92.91).............

9902.12.47

1/

Bags of man-made fibers, with outer surface of textile materials,
the foregoing designed for use on janitorial, cleaning and
housekeeping carts (provided for in subheading 4202.92.91)
........................................................................................................

9902.12.48

1/

Drawstring bags with outer surface of sheeting of plastic or of
textile materials, such bags of nylon, presented packaged in
sets of 5 bags per set and labeled for retail sale, each bag with
capacity of less than 1 liter in volume (provided for in
subheading 4202.92.91)..............................................................

9902.12.49

1/

Cases or containers with outer surface of sheeting of plastics
or of man-made fibers, the foregoing specially shaped or fitted
for, and with labeling, logo or other descriptive information on
the exterior of the case or container or retail packaging
indicating its intention to be used for, electronic games of
heading 9504 or accessories thereof (provided for in
subheadings 4202.92.91 and 4202.92.97)................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.50

1/

9902.12.51

1/

9902.12.52

1/

9902.12.53

1/

9902.12.54

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 101

Effective
Period

Carrying cases of hard plastics, each with handle and door of
plastics and with no door of metal, the foregoing designed for
use for reptiles or amphibians and not for the housing or
transport of mammals, measuring not over 381 mm on any
side (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90)...........................

Camera cases of transparent polycarbonate plastics, designed
to encase cameras of subheading 8525.80.40; each
incorporating buttons for the operation of the camera, an
opaque plastic base that clips into a camera mount, a
thumb-screw on the base mount that allows for adjustment of
the camera viewing angle on a pivot, a silicon gasket in the
door of the case that allows for waterproof operation of the
camera at a depth of more than 40 m but not more than 60 m,
a flat and optically-coated glass lens and a heat sink to
dissipate camera heat (provided for in subheading
4202.99.90)...................................................................................

Cases of clear polycarbonate plastics, designed for use with
cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 to affix camera to the user's
wrist; such housings waterproof at a depth up to 60 m, each
incorporating buttons for operation of the camera, a silicon
gasket designed for waterproofing, a flat and optically-coated
glass lens, an aluminum heat sink and adjustable
neoprene/hook and loop closures on its wrist straps (provided
for in subheading 4202.99.90)....................................................

Cases or containers of injection-molded
acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS), polypropylene (PP) or
polycarbonate (PC) plastics, the foregoing specially shaped
or fitted for, and with labeling, logo or other descriptive
information on the exterior of the case or container, its zipper
pull or its retail packaging indicating such cases are designed
for use as holders for electronic games of subheading 9504
or accessories thereof (provided for in subheading
4202.99.90)...................................................................................

Camera cases with outer surface of transparent molded
polycarbonate plastics, designed for cameras of subheading
8525.80.40; the foregoing each incorporating buttons for the
operation of the camera, an opaque plastic base that clips into
a camera mount, a thumb-screw on the base mount that allows
for adjustment of the camera viewing angle on a pivot, a silicon
gasket in the door of the case that allows for waterproof
operation of the camera at a depth of not more than 40 m, a
flat, optically-coated, glass lens and a heat sink to dissipate
camera heat (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90)............

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 102

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.55

1/

9902.12.56

1/

Camera cases of molded polycarbonate plastics, such cases
designed to hold cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, each
case incorporating buttons for the operation of the camera, a
plastic clip attached to a base mount, a thumb-screw on the
base mount that allows adjustment of the viewing angle on a
pivot, a flat and optically-coated glass lens and open spaces
that allow air and sound to enter (provided for in subheading
4202.99.90)...................................................................................

Camera cases designed to contain cameras of subheading
8525.80.40; such cases of opaque molded polycarbonate
plastics in a solid color and with nonreflective surface; each
incorporating buttons for the operation of the camera, a plastic
clip attached to a base mount, a thumb-screw on the base
mount designed to facilitate the adjustment of its viewing angle
on a pivot, a silicon gasket in the door of the housing designed
to allow for waterproof operation of the camera at a depth of
more than 40 m but not more than 60 m; each incorporating a
flat, optically-coated glass lens and a heat sink to dissipate
camera heat (provided for in subheading 4202.99.90)............

9902.12.57

1/

Women's leather jackets, other than anoraks, each having a
full frontal opening with no closure, of waist-length and valued
not over $125 (provided for in subheading 4203.10.40)..........

9902.12.58

1/

Batting gloves of leather, each having a strap designed to wrap
around the wrist and back of the hand and secure the glove
on the wearer's wrist (provided for in subheading 4203.21.20)
........................................................................................................

9902.12.59

1/

Full-fingered gloves, each with a palm side of leather and a
back side comprising a camouflage-printed knitted fabric wholly
of polyester and coated with expanded polytetrafluoroethylene
(EPTFE), such gloves with insulation comprising 40 percent
by weight of synthetic microfiber and 60 percent by weight of
duck down; each having a mitt sewn to the back of the glove
as a flap, with leather tips for each finger and thumb designed
to improve grip, such mitt designed to cover the fingers for
additional warmth; the foregoing gloves designed for use in
the sport of hunting (provided for in subheading 4203.21.80)..

9902.12.60

1/

Boxing and mixed martial arts gloves, of leather or of
composition leather (provided for in subheading
4203.21.80)...................................................................................

9902.12.61

1/

Gloves of horsehide or cowhide (except calfskin) leather, not
specially designed for use in sports, not wholly of leather, the
foregoing with fourchettes or sidewalls which, at a minimum,
extend from fingertip to fingertip between each of the four
fingers (provided for in subheading 4203.29.15) .....................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

9.2%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 103

Effective
Period

Gloves of horsehide or cowhide (except calfskin) leather, not
specially designed for use in sports, not wholly of leather, such
gloves without fourchettes or sidewalls (provided for in
subheading 4203.29.18) .............................................................

1/

13.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.62

1/

9902.12.63

1/

Men's full-fingered gloves with a palm side of leather and a
backside of woven fabric comprising 89 percent or more but
not over 95 percent by weight of man-made fibers and 5
percent or more but not over 11 percent by weight of
elastomeric fibers, such fabric coated with plastics; such gloves
stuffed with synthetic microfiber for thermal insulation, with
elasticized wrist and valued at $18 or more per pair; the
foregoing other than gloves specially designed for use in sports
(provided for in subheading 4203.29.30) ..................................

9902.12.64

1/

Women’s belts of leather or of composition leather, each valued
at $7.00 or more (provided for in subheading 4203.30.00)......

9902.12.65

1/

Belts of furskin, other than of mink (provided for in subheading
4303.10.00)...................................................................................

9902.12.66

1/

9902.12.67

1/

Plaiting materials and products of plaiting materials, suitable
for use in window shades, presented in rolls each having an
area measuring 27.85 m2 or more but not over 46.46 m2, of
bamboo reeds and/or bamboo slats each measuring 1 mm or
more but not over 13 mm in width and/or bamboo cane
measuring over 2 mm but not over 5 mm in cross section, the
foregoing woven with yarn of polyester into a repeating pattern,
such pattern whether or not including grass, paper strips or
jute (provided for in subheading 4601.92.20)...........................

Plaiting materials and products of plaiting materials, of wood,
suitable for use in window shades, presented in rolls each
having an area measuring over 27.85 m2 but less than 46.46
m2, containing any combination of wood slats each measuring
6 mm or more but not over 8 mm in width or 22 mm or more
but not over 25 mm in width and measuring 1 mm or more but
not over 2 mm in thickness, bamboo reeds measuring 1 mm
or more but not over 2.5 mm in width, marupa wood rods
measuring 1.5 mm or more but not over 3 mm in diameter
and/or paper rope, the foregoing woven with yarns of polyester
into a repeating pattern, whether or not such pattern also
contains jute or paper (provided for in subheading
4601.94.20)...................................................................................

9902.12.68

1/

Flatgoods of rattan, of a kind normally carried in the pocket or
in the handbag, with or without shoulder straps or handles
(provided for in subheading 4602.12.23)...................................

9902.12.69

1/

Fine animal hair of Kashmir (cashmere) goats, processed
beyond the degreased or carbonized condition (provided for
in subheading 5102.11.90)..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

2.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 104

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.70

1/

Camel hair, not processed in any manner beyond the
degreased or carbonized condition (provided for in subheading
5102.19.20)...................................................................................

9902.12.71

1/

Camel hair, processed beyond the carbonized condition
(provided for in subheading 5102.19.90)...................................

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

9902.12.72

1/

Noils of camel hair (provided for in subheading 5103.10.00)...

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

9902.12.73

1/

Fine animal hair of Kashmir (cashmere) goats, carded or
combed (provided for in subheading 5105.31.00)....................

9902.12.74

1/

Camel hair, carded or combed (provided for in subheading
5105.39.00)...................................................................................

9902.12.75

1/

Yarn of carded hair of Kashmir (cashmere) goats, having a
yarn count of 19.35 metric or higher (provided for in subheading
5108.10.80)...................................................................................

9902.12.76

1/

Yarn of carded hair of Kashmir (cashmere) goats, having a
yarn count less than 19.35 metric, not put up for retail sale
(provided for in subheading 5108.10.80)...................................

9902.12.77

1/

Yarn of carded camel hair (provided for in subheading
5108.10.80)...................................................................................

9902.12.78

1/

Yarn of combed cashmere or yarn of camel hair, not put up for
retail sale (provided for in subheading 5108.20.80).................

9902.12.79

1/

Woven fabrics of carded vicuna hair, containing 85 percent or
more by weight of vicuna hair and of a weight not exceeding
300 g/m2 (provided for in subheading 5111.11.70).................

9902.12.80

1/

Woven fabrics of carded vicuna hair, containing 85 percent or
more by weight of vicuna hair and of a weight exceeding 300
g/m2 (provided for in subheading 5111.19.60).........................

9902.12.81

1/

Woven fabrics of combed vicuna hair, such fabrics containing
85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair, of a weight not
exceeding 200 g/m2 (provided for in subheading
5112.11.60)...................................................................................

9902.12.82

1/

Woven fabrics of combed vicuna hair, such fabrics containing
85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair and of a weight
exceeding 200 g/m2 (provided for in subheading
5112.19.95)...................................................................................

9902.12.83

1/

Woven fabrics of cotton, bleached, of yarn numbers 43 to 68,
put up in continuous rolls measuring 74 cm or more but not
over 184 cm in width and 1640 m or more but not over 6500
m in length (provided for in subheading 5208.21.40)...............

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 105

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.84

1/

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing more than 50 percent but
less than 85 percent by weight of cotton and containing
polyester, bleached, pique weave, measuring 290 cm or
greater in width (provided for in subheading 5211.20.29).......

9902.12.85

1/

Woven fabrics of cotton, containing over 50 percent but less
than 85 percent by weight of cotton and containing polyester,
dyed, pique weave, measuring 290 cm or greater in width
(provided for in subheading 5211.39.00)...................................

9902.12.86

1/

Monofilament yarn of nylon, of 53 decitex or more but not over
58 decitex, with no cross-sectional dimension exceeding 1
mm; untwisted or with twist of fewer than 5 turns/m, not put up
for retail sale, fully oriented; the foregoing with consistent
diameter to be suitable for silk-screening (provided for in
subheading 5402.45.90) .............................................................

9902.12.87

1/

Synthetic (polyvinyl alcohol) filament yarn, untwisted,
measuring from 1100 to 1330 decitex (dtex) and consisting of
200 filaments, certified by the importer as having from 6.8 to
8.2 cN/dtex tenacity and with elongation at break from 7.7 to
13.5 percent (provided for in subheading 5402.49.91)............

9902.12.88

1/

Synthetic filament yarn (other than sewing thread) not put up
for retail sale, single, with a twist exceeding 50 turns/m, of
nylon or other polyamides, measuring 23 or more but not over
840 decitex, each formed from 4 to 68 filaments and containing
10 percent or more by weight of nylon 12 (provided for in
subheading 5402.51.00)..............................................................

9902.12.89

1/

High tenacity single yarn of viscose rayon, with a decitex equal
to or greater than 1,000, the foregoing not put up for retail sale
and other than sewing thread (provided for in subheading
5403.10.30)...................................................................................

9902.12.90

1/

High tenacity single yarn of viscose rayon, with a decitex less
than 1,000 (provided for in subheading 5403.10.30)...............

9902.12.91

1/

High tenacity multiple (folded) or cabled yarn of viscose rayon
(provided for in subheading 5403.10.60)...................................

9902.12.92

1/

Single filament yarn of viscose rayon (other than sewing
thread), not put up for retail sale, untwisted or with a twist not
exceeding 120 turns per meter (provided for in subheading
5403.31.00) ..................................................................................

9902.12.93

1/

Single filament yarn of viscose rayon, with a twist exceeding
120 turns/m (provided for in subheading 5403.32.00) ............

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 106

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.12.94

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Synthetic monofilament of polypropylene, of 67 decitex or more
and of which no cross-sectional dimension exceeds 1 mm
(provided for in subheading 5404.19.80)...................................

9902.12.95

1/

Monofilament of nylon, of 67 decitex or more and with no
cross-sectional dimension exceeding 1 mm, the foregoing
without consistent diameter (provided for in subheading
5404.19.80)...................................................................................

9902.12.96

1/

Monofilament of nylon, of 67 decitex or more and of which no
cross-sectional dimension exceeds 1 mm; designed with
consistent diameter to be suitable for silk-screening (provided
for in subheading 5404.19.80)....................................................

9902.12.97

1/

9902.12.98

1/

9902.12.99

1/

9902.13.01

1/

Fabrics containing 85 percent or more by weight of textured
polyester filaments, plain woven, of yarns of different colors,
weighing 96 g/m2 or more but less than 170 g/m2, measuring
142.2 cm or more in width; such fabric with weft yarns of
polybutylene terephthalate (PBT) giving the fabric sideways
stretch, with 31 or more but not over 36 single yarns per cm
dyed light beige in the warp and 14 or more but not over 18
single yarns per cm dyed light brown in the weft (provided for
in subheading 5407.53.20)..........................................................

Acrylic fiber tow containing at least 85 percent but not more
than 92 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units, containing a
minimum of 35 percent by weight of water, presented in the
form of raw white (undyed) filament with an average filament
measure between 2 and 5 decitex per filament and an
aggregate measure in the tow bundle between 660,000 and
1,200,000 decitex, with a length greater than 2 meters
(provided for in subheading 5501.30.00)...................................

Acrylic filament tow containing 85 percent or more by weight
of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3
percent of water, raw white (undyed), crimped, with an average
decitex of 2.2 (plus or minus 10 percent) and an aggregate
filament measure in the tow bundle between 660,000 and
1,200,000 decitex, with a length greater than 2 m (provided
for in subheading 5501.30.00)....................................................

Acrylic fiber tow containing 85 percent or more by weight of
acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent
of water, raw white (undyed), crimped, with an average decitex
of 3.3 (plus or minus 10 percent) and an aggregate filament
measure in the tow bundle between 660,000 and 1,200,000
decitex, with a length greater than 2 meters (provided for in
subheading 5501.30.00)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 107

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.02

1/

9902.13.03

1/

Acrylic filament tow (polyacrylonitrile tow), containing by weight
92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01
percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 percent
of water, dyed, presented in the form of bundles of crimped
product each containing 214,000 filaments (plus or minus 10
percent) with an average decitex of 2.75 (plus or minus 10
percent) and length greater than 2 meters (provided for in
subheading 5501.30.00)..............................................................

Acrylic filament tow (polyacrylonitrile tow) containing by weight
92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01
percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 percent
of water, dyed, presented in the form of bundles of crimped
product each containing 214,000 filaments (plus or minus 10
percent) with an average decitex of 3.3 (plus or minus 10
percent) and length greater than 2 meters (provided for in
subheading 5501.30.00) .............................................................

9902.13.04

1/

Acrylic filament tow containing 85 percent or more by weight
of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not more than
8 percent of water, dyed, such tow with a decitex of 5.0 to 5.6,
an aggregate filament measure in the tow bundle between
660,000 and 1,200,000 and a length greater than 2 m
(provided for in subheading 5501.30.00) ..................................

9902.13.05

1/

Acrylic filament tow containing by weight 92 percent or more
of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2
percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, such tow dyed
and presented in the form of bundles of crimped product each
containing 315,000 to 360,000 filaments, with each filament
of 3.3 decitex and with a length greater than 2 m (provided for
in subheading 5501.30.00) .........................................................

9902.13.06

1/

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing at least
85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or
more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with
an average decitex of 3.0 (plus or minus 10 percent) and fiber
length of 50 mm (plus or minus 10 percent) (provided for in
subheading 5503.30.00)..............................................................

9902.13.07

1/

Modacrylic staple fibers containing 35 percent or more but not
over 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, not pigmented (ecru),
crimped, with an average decitex of 2.2 (plus or minus 10
percent) and fiber length of 38 mm (plus or minus 10 percent)
(provided for in subheading 5503.30.00)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 108

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.08

1/

Modacrylic staple fibers containing 35 percent or more but not
over 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, not pigmented (ecru),
crimped, with an average decitex of 2.2 (plus or minus 10
percent) and fiber length of 51 mm (plus or minus 10 percent)
(provided for in subheading 5503.30.00)...................................

9902.13.09

1/

Modacrylic staple fibers containing 35 percent or more but not
over 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, not pigmented (ecru),
crimped, with an average decitex of 1.7 (plus or minus 10
percent) and fiber length of 51 mm (plus or minus 10 percent)
(provided for in subheading 5503.30.00)...................................

9902.13.10

1/

Acrylic staple fibers containing at least 85 percent by weight
of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3
percent of water, raw white (undyed), crimped, with an average
decitex of 1.3 (plus or minus 10 percent) and fiber length of 38
mm (plus or minus 10 percent) (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

9902.13.11

1/

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85
percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, dyed (not pigmented),
crimped, with an average decitex of 1.3 (plus or minus 10
percent) and fiber length of 40 mm (plus or minus 10 percent)
(provided for in subheading 5503.30.00)...................................

9902.13.12

1/

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85
percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, non-pigmented (ecru),
crimped, with a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length
between 48 and 60 mm (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

9902.13.13

1/

9902.13.14

1/

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85
percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with
a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 40
and 47.5 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar
reflectance index less than 10 (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85
percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with
a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 40
and 47.5 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar
reflectance index between 10 and 30 (provided for in
subheading 5503.30.00)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 109

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.15

1/

9902.13.16

1/

9902.13.17

1/

9902.13.18

1/

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85
percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with
a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 40
and 47.5 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar
reflectance index greater than 30 (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85
percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with
a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 48
and 60 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar
reflectance index less than 10 (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85
percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with
a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 48
and 60 mm, certified by the importer as having a solar
reflectance index between 10 and 30 (provided for in
subheading 5503.30.00)..............................................................

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85
percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent
or more but not over 3 percent of water, colored, crimped, with
a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 48
and 60mm, certified by the importer as having a solar
reflectance index greater than 30 (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

9902.13.19

1/

Modacrylic staple fibers containing by weight 2 percent or more
but not over 3 percent of water, not pigmented (ecru), crimped,
with a decitex of 1.7 and fiber length of 38 mm (provided for
in subheading 5503.30.00)..........................................................

9902.13.20

1/

Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple), not dyed and not
carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning,
containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile,
not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but
not over 8 percent of water, with a decitex of 5.0 to 5.6 , with
a fiber shrinkage of 0 to 22 percent and with a cut fiber length
of 80 mm to 150 mm (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

9902.13.21

1/

Modacrylic staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise
processed for spinning, containing over 35 percent and less
than 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile, 2.7 decitex (plus or
minus 2 percent), natural in color, with fiber length between
38 mm and 120 mm (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 110

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.22

1/

9902.13.23

1/

9902.13.24

1/

Modacrylic staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise
processed for spinning, containing over 35 percent and less
than 85 percent by weight of acrylonitrile, 3.9 decitex (plus or
minus 2 percent), natural in color, with fiber length between
38 mm and 120 mm (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

Acrylic staple fiber (polyacrylonitrile staple), dyed, not carded,
combed or otherwise processed for spinning, the foregoing
containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile,
not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but
not over 8 percent of water, with a decitex of 3.3 to 5.6, a fiber
shrinkage of from 0 to 22 percent (provided for in subheading
5503.30.00)...................................................................................

Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or
otherwise processed for spinning and containing 28 percent
or more but not over 33 percent by weight of silica (provided
for in subheading 5504.10.00); the foregoing other than fibers
measuring 2.2 decitex in lengths of 38 mm, measuring 4.7
decitex in lengths of 51 mm or measuring 3.3, 4.7 or 5.0 decitex
in lengths of 60 mm.......................................................................

9902.13.25

1/

Staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or otherwise
processed for spinning, measuring 0.90 or more but not over
1.30 decitex and having a fiber length each measuring 20 mm
or more but not over 150 mm (provided for in subheading
5504.10.00)...................................................................................

9902.13.26

1/

Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or
otherwise processed for spinning, measuring 0.5 or more but
not over 1.0 decitex and having a fiber length each measuring
4 mm or more but not over 20 mm (provided for in subheading
5504.10.00) ..................................................................................

9902.13.27

1/

Flame resistant viscose rayon fibers suitable for yarn spinning,
with minimum fiber tenacity of 25 cN/tex, based on modal fiber
derived from beechwood and containing 20 to 22 percent by
weight of phosphorus-based flame retardant agent (provided
for in subheading 5504.10.00)....................................................

9902.13.28

1/

Viscose rayon staple fibers having a decitex of less than 5.0
and a trilobal multi-limbed cross-section, the limbs having a
length-to-width aspect ratio of at least 2:1, suitable for use in
producing goods of heading 9619 (provided for in subheading
5504.10.00)...................................................................................

9902.13.29

1/

Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or
otherwise processed for spinning, such fibers containing
between 28 percent and 33 percent by weight of silica,
measuring 4.7 decitex in lengths of 60 mm (provided for in
subheading 5504.10.00)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 111

Effective
Period

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.30

1/

Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or
otherwise processed for spinning, such fibers containing
between 28 percent to 33 percent by weight of silica,
measuring 3.3 decitex, in lengths of 60 mm (provided for in
subheading 5504.10.00)..............................................................

9902.13.31

1/

Artificial staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise
processed for spinning, of viscose rayon, containing between
28 percent and 33 percent by weight of silica, measuring 5.0
decitex in lengths of 60 mm (provided for in subheading
5504.10.00)...................................................................................

9902.13.32

1/

Artificial staple fibers, not carded, combed or otherwise
processed for spinning; of viscose rayon, such fibers containing
between 28 percent and 33 percent by weight of silica,
measuring 2.2 decitex in 38 mm lengths (provided for in
subheading 5504.10.00)..............................................................

9902.13.33

1/

Artificial staple fibers of viscose rayon, not carded, combed or
otherwise processed for spinning, containing between 28 and
33 percent by weight of silica, measuring 4.7 decitex in 51 mm
lengths (provided for in subheading 5504.10.00).....................

9902.13.34

1/

Artificial staple fibers of lyocell, not carded, combed or
otherwise processed for spinning, measuring 1.7 or more but
not over 3.3 decitex and having a fiber length each measuring
25 mm or more but not over 51 mm and containing 25 percent
by weight of kaolin (provided for in subheading 5504.90.00)...

9902.13.35

1/

9902.13.36

1/

Acrylic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed
for spinning (provided for in subheading 5506.30.00); the
foregoing other than such acrylic staple fibers containing by
weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than
0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8
percent of water, dyed or raw white (undyed), with an average
decitex of 2.75 to 3.30 or of 11 (plus or minus 10 percent) or
if dyed with an average decitex of 5.0 to 5.6.............................

Acrylic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed
for spinning, containing by weight 92 percent or more of
polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2
percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, dyed or raw
white (undyed), with an average decitex of 2.75 to 3.30 (plus
or minus 10 percent) (provided for in subheading
5506.30.00)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 112

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.37

1/

Acrylic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed
for spinning, containing by weight 92 percent or more of
polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2
percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, such fibers
dyed or raw white (undyed), such fibers with an average decitex
of 11.0 (plus or minus 10 percent) (provided for in subheading
5506.30.00)...................................................................................

9902.13.38

1/

Acrylic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed
for spinning, containing by weight 92 percent or more of
polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2
percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, dyed, with an
average decitex of 5.0 to 5.6 (provided for in subheading
5506.30.00) ..................................................................................

9902.13.39

1/

Staple fibers of rayon, carded, combed or otherwise processed
for spinning, the foregoing presented in the form of top
(provided for in subheading 5507.00.00)...................................

9902.13.40

1/

Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing 85 percent
or more by weight of polyvinyl alcohol staple fibers and up to
15 percent of polynosic rayon fibers (provided for in subheading
5512.99.00)...................................................................................

9902.13.41

1/

Woven fabrics of modal staple rayon fibers, containing over
50 percent but less than 85 percent by weight of such fibers,
dyed, mixed mainly or solely with cotton, such fabrics weighing
more than 270 g/m2 but not more than 340 g/m2, of yarns of
number 42 or lower number, of a thread count of 150 to 160
per cm2, napped (provided for in subheading 5516.42.00).....

9902.13.42

1/

Carpets and other textile floor coverings, tufted, whether or
not made up, of wool or fine animal hair, hand-hooked, that is,
in which the tufts were inserted by hand or by means of a hand
tool that is not power-driven (provided for in subheading
5703.10.20)...................................................................................

9902.13.43

1/

Polyethylene Terephthalate (PET) heat exchange capillary
material consisting of parallel PET tubes arranged and secured
in a knitted fabric of PET threads (provided for in subheading
6003.30.60)...................................................................................

9902.13.44

1/

Men's shirts of man-made fibers, knitted or crocheted, with
textile- or polymer-based electrodes knitted into or attached
to the fabric, incorporating two snaps designed to secure a
module to transmit heart rate information from the electrodes
to a compatible monitor (provided for in subheading
6105.20.20)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

5.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 113

Effective
Period

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.45

1/

Tank tops of knitted fabric of man-made fibers, containing
elastomeric fibers, each such top with textile or polymer-based
electrodes knitted into or attached to the fabric and that
incorporates two snaps designed to secure a module designed
to transmit heart rate information from the electrodes to a
compatible monitor (provided for in subheading 6109.90.10)..

9902.13.46

1/

Women's or girls' knitted or crocheted vests of man-made
fibers, containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool, each
with fabric stitch count greater than 9/2 cm, measured in the
direction the stitches are formed (provided for in subheading
6110.30.15)...................................................................................

9902.13.47

1/

Vests (other than sweater vests) for men, knitted or crocheted,
of man-made fibers, with textile or polymer-based electrodes
knitted into or attached to the fabric and incorporating two
snaps designed to secure a module to transmit heart rate
information from the electrodes to a compatible monitor
(provided for subheadings 6110.30.30) ....................................

9902.13.48

1/

Men's or boys' knitted or crocheted pullovers and cardigans,
containing 70 percent or more by weight of silk, each with more
than 9 stitches/2 cm, measured in the direction the stitches
were formed, and an average of less than 10 stitches/linear
cm in each direction counted on an area measuring at least
10 cm by 10 cm, such apparel articles that reach the waist
(provided for in subheading 6110.90.10)...................................

9902.13.49

1/

Men's or boys' knitted or crocheted sweaters of linen, each
with 9 or fewer stitches per 2 centimeters measured in the
direction the stitches were formed (provided for in subheading
6110.90.90)...................................................................................

9902.13.50

1/

Girls' knitted or crocheted coveralls or jumpsuits, of cotton
(provided for in subheading 6114.20.00)...................................

9902.13.51

1/

Socks with uppers comprising neoprene measuring 2.5 mm
in thickness and covered on both sides with jersey knitted
fabric of nylon; such socks with underfoots of breathable
neoprene measuring 2.5 to 3 mm in thickness and covered on
both sides with a jersey knitted fabric of nylon; the foregoing
each formed anatomically so as to be designed for the wearer's
left or right foot (provided for in subheading 6115.96.90) .......

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 114

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.52

1/

Socks of synthetic fibers, with uppers of neoprene measuring
3.5 mm in thickness and covered on both surfaces with knitted
jersey fabric of nylon; each such sock having an integrated
fold-down cuff of knitted jersey fabric of nylon, each cuff with
a molded hook to allow connection to wading boot and
designed to prevent debris and gravel from getting inside
wading boot, such socks anatomically formed (provided for in
subheading 6115.96.90)..............................................................

9902.13.53

1/

Training gloves of vulcanized rubber other than of hard rubber
(provided for in subheading 4015.19.50) or of synthetic textile
materials (provided for in subheading 6116.93.08), such gloves
of textile materials knitted or crocheted .....................................

9902.13.54

1/

Hand muffs of knitted fabrics of polyester coated with plastics,
such muffs stuffed with synthetic microfiber for thermal
insulation, each with side openings having elastic closures,
with one exterior pocket with zipper closure and weighing not
more than 453.592 g (provided for in subheading 6117.80.95)
........................................................................................................

9902.13.55

1/

Boys' woven man-made fiber coats, containing 36 percent or
more by weight of wool, thigh length or longer, with sleeves,
with or without closure and with full front opening (provided for
in subheading 6201.13.30)..........................................................

9902.13.57

1/

Men's or boys' jackets of woven cotton corduroy, less than
mid-thigh in length, with long sleeves, with full or partial front
opening (provided for in subheading 6201.92.45)....................

9902.13.58

1/

Boys' woven jackets of man-made fibers, containing 36 percent
or more by weight of wool, less than mid-thigh in length, with
long sleeves, with full or partial front opening (provided for in
subheading 6201.93.55)..............................................................

9902.13.59

1/

Women's or girls' woven padded sleeveless jackets (including
vests) of wool, less than mid-thigh in length, with full opening
(provided for in subheading 6202.91.60)...................................

9902.13.60

1/

Girls' woven jackets of man-made fibers, containing 36 percent
or more by weight of wool, less than mid-thigh in length, with
long sleeves, with full or partial front opening (provided for in
subheading 6202.93.45)..............................................................

9902.13.61

1/

Women's dresses, woven, wholly of silk (provided for in
subheading 6204.49.10) .............................................................

9902.13.63

1/

Women's skirts and divided skirts, wholly of silk (provided for
in subheading 6204.59.40) .........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

6.5%

No change

No change

1.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 115

Effective
Period

Women's blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses, woven, wholly of
silk (provided for in subheading 6206.10.00) ...........................

1/

6.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.64

1/

9902.13.65

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

9.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Men's or boys' woven sleepwear of man-made fibers, the
foregoing comprising tops and sleepwear bottoms presented
separately and not in sets, the foregoing designed to be worn
in bed (provided for in subheading 6207.99.85).......................

9902.13.66

1/

Babies' woven trousers of artificial fibers, other than those
imported as parts of sets (provided for in subheading
6209.90.20)...................................................................................

9902.13.67

1/

Babies' woven apparel of linen (provided for in subheading
6209.90.90)...................................................................................

9902.13.68

1/

Women’s sports bras of knitted or woven fabric containing
elastomeric fibers but not containing lace, net or embroidery,
such goods whether assembled or knitted/crocheted in the
piece, each with textile or polymer-based electrodes knitted
into or attached to the fabric and incorporating two snaps
designed to secure a module designed to transmit heart rate
information from the electrodes to a compatible monitor
(provided for in subheading 6212.10.90) ..................................

9902.13.69

1/

Women's shawls, scarves and similar goods, wholly of silk
(provided for in subheading 6214.10.10)...................................

9902.13.70

1/

Batting gloves of man-made fibers, specially designed for use
in the sport of baseball, with a strap that wraps around the
wrist and the back of the hand to secure the glove to the wrist
(provided for in subheading 6216.00.46)...................................

9902.13.71

1/

Mechanics' work gloves, not knit, of man-made fibers, with
fourchettes, the foregoing not containing 36 percent or more
by weight of wool or fine animal hair (provided for in subheading
6216.00.58) ..................................................................................

9902.13.72

1/

Pocket pouches with outer shell of woven textile fabric
laminated to an inner layer of knitted fabric, each such pouch
with a zippered cargo pocket and other pockets designed to
organize tippets and leaders and with dual entry zippers; the
foregoing designed to be zipped into fishing waders (provided
for in subheading 6217.90.90)....................................................

9902.13.73

1/

Sacks and bags, of undyed woven fabric of nylon multifilament
yarns, such yarns not exceeding 10 decitex, the foregoing bags
designed for use for packing wool for transport, storage or sale
(provided for in subheading 6305.39.00) ..................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 116

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.80

1/

Sleeping bag shells, unfilled, of woven taffeta fabric of polyester
with thread count between 160 and 210 and formed from yarns
between 22 and 112 decitex; such shells each weighing 25
g/m2 or more but not over 250 g/m2; measuring 152 cm to 305
cm in length, with zipper closure, valued not over $7 each
(provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ..................................

9902.13.82

1/

Nonwoven radial segment and chordal orientation brake
segments of oxidized polyacrylonitrile fibers, made up and
presented as cut otherwise than into squares or rectangles,
such segments formed by needling web and unidirectional tow
fabrics together, the foregoing designed for use in aircraft
braking systems (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98)......

9902.13.83

1/

Bins of laminated woven fabric of polypropylene, rectangular
or square in shape, collapsible and stackable, measuring 28
liters or more but not over 256 liters in volume and 63.5 cm or
less in height, each with sewn-in cardboard inserts and fabric
top panel with sewn-in cardboard insert, such panel secured
to the bin with cut-to-length strips of hook-and-loop material,
such bins each having a fold-down fabric panel with sewn-in
cardboard insert, such panel sewn into the interior of the bin;
such bins certified by the importer as meeting ASTM D642-15
standards (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98)................

9902.13.84

1/

Smartphone cases, each attached to integral adjustable
armbands wholly of textile materials, with such case of
polyester-laminated neoprene, incorporating a clear plastic
window for visual access to the smartphone screen and a small
opening for headphone wires, whether or not with decorative
plastic overlay (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98).........

9902.13.85

1/

Portable and foldable water or food bowls of textile materials,
designed for use by pets (provided for in subheading
6307.90.98)...................................................................................

9902.13.86

1/

Agricultural control nets specially designed to protect mandarin
trees from bee pollination, such nets of high density
polypropylene monofilament, with interspersed eye knots at
regular intervals; each net measuring approximately 441.5 m
by 12.8 m or 274.3 m x 12.8 m, having finished edges,
presented in rolls (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98) ....

9902.13.87

1/

Chest harnesses of textile materials, each designed for
attaching cameras of subheading 8525.80.40 to a user's chest;
incorporating a waist belt and shoulder straps, each with a
plastic connector and thumb screw designed for camera
mounting or adjustment (provided for in subheading
6307.90.98)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 117

Effective
Period

Adjustable straps of textile materials, designed with small
plastic mounts intended to secure cameras of subheading
8525.80.40 to helmets or to other articles (provided for in
subheading 6307.90.98)..............................................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.88

1/

9902.13.89

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

8.7%

No change

No change

8.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Textile bags of woven fabric of polyester and coated with
thermoplastic polyurethane, each pleated and attached to a
ring of plastics and/or metal with internal threads, with a washer
and a plastic cap with external threads that screws into the
ring to form an expandable circular shaped bag, designed to
hold ice and/or cold water (provided for in subheading
6307.90.98)...................................................................................

9902.13.90

1/

Mounts of textile materials, designed to attach cameras of
subheading 8525.80.40 to a user's wrist, arm or leg; such
mounts incorporating hook-and-loop adjustable straps and
designed to permit adjustment of the camera viewing angle
360 degrees on the mounted plane and of the camera tilt
against that plane (provided for in subheading 6307.90.98)....

9902.13.91

1/

Made-up color swatches, of cotton, rectangular in shape and
each measuring approximately 5.08 cm by 20.32 cm, with
pinked edges, such swatches dyed using certified dye colors
and each having a bar code to specify its color (provided for
in 6307.90.98)...............................................................................

9902.13.92

1/

Sports footwear, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics, valued over $12/pair, for men (provided for in
subheading 6402.19.90)..............................................................

9902.13.93

1/

Sports footwear, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics, valued over $12/pair, other than for men (provided
for in subheading 6402.19.90)....................................................

9902.13.94

1/

Men's work footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics, covering the ankle and having an oil-resistant and
slip-resistant outer sole (provided for in subheading
6402.91.40)...................................................................................

9902.13.95

1/

Protective active footwear for men (except footwear with
waterproof molded bottoms, including bottoms comprising an
outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with
insulation that provides protection against cold weather) whose
height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper
does not exceed 15.34 cm (provided for in subheading
6402.91.42)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - II - 118

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.96

1/

9902.13.97

1/

9902.13.98

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Protective active footwear for women, with outer soles and
uppers of rubber or plastics (except footwear with waterproof
molded bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole
and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation
that provides protection against cold weather) whose height
from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does
not exceed 15.34 cm (provided for in subheading 6402.91.42),
such footwear, if valued at $26/pr or higher, without openings
in the sole or upper designed to vent moisture .........................

Protective active footwear for women, with outer soles and
uppers of rubber or plastics (except footwear with waterproof
molded bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole
and all or part of the upper ,and except footwear with insulation
that provides protection against cold weather), whose height
from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does
not exceed 15.34 cm, covering the ankle, valued over $26/pr;
where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated
textile fabric, such footwear with openings in the bottom and/or
side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the
sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture
(provided for in subheading 6402.91.42)...................................

Footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with
waterproof molded or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms
comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except
footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its
condition as imported), valued over $25/pair, whose height
from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does
not exceed 25.4 cm, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not
over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease
or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such
protection includes protection against water that is imparted
by the use of a laminated, but not coated, textile fabric; such
footwear, if valued over $27, without openings in the bottom
and/or side of the sole or covered opening in the upper
designed to permit moisture vapor transport from under the
foot (provided for in subheading 6402.91.50) ..........................

1/

1.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

3.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 119

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.13.99

1/

9902.14.01

1/

9902.14.02

1/

Footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with
waterproof molded or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms
comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper; and except
footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its
condition as imported), valued over $27/pair, whose height
from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does
not exceed 25.4 cm, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not
over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease
or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such
protection is imparted by the use of a laminated, but not coated,
textile fabric; such footwear with openings in the bottom and/or
side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the
sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to permit moisture
vapor transport from under the foot (provided for in subheading
6402.91.50)...................................................................................

Footwear for men with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics, such uppers of neoprene measuring 7 mm in
thickness, injected with polyurethane on the exterior and
covered with knitted fabric wholly of polyester on the interior,
with rubber lug bottoms laminated with cement to the upper;
such footwear covering the ankle, whose height does not
exceed 35.56 cm; waterproof, valued not over $36/pair and
designed to be permanently affixed to fishing waders (provided
for in subheading 6402.91.50) ...................................................

Footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with
waterproof molded or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms
comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except
footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its
condition as imported), valued over $25/pair, whose height
from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does
not exceed 25.4 cm, covering the ankle, designed to be worn
in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against
water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather
where such protection includes protection against water that
is imparted by the use of a coated, but not laminated, textile
fabric greater than or equal to 9 microns in thickness (provided
for in subheading 6402.91.50) ...................................................

9902.14.03

1/

Men's footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics, with foxing or foxing-like band, covering the ankle,
closed toe or heel, valued over $3 but not over $6.50 per pair,
the foregoing other than sports footwear and protective,
waterproof or slip-on type footwear (provided for in subheading
6402.91.70)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 120

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.04

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

5.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

3.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

9.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Men's footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics (other than sports footwear), with foxing or foxing like
band, covering the ankle, closed toe or heel, valued over $6.50
but not over $12.00 per pair, not of the protective, waterproof
or slip-on type (provided for in subheading 6402.91.80).........

9902.14.05

1/

Footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics,
having uppers of which over 90 percent of the external surface
area is rubber or plastics, made on a base or platform of wood
(provided for in subheading 6402.99.23)...................................

9902.14.06

1/

Footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics,
not covering the ankle, having uppers of which over 90 percent
of the external surface area is rubber or plastics, other than
tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and
the like, such footwear for women (and other than work
footwear), valued $15/pair or higher (provided for in
subheading 6402.99.31)..............................................................

9902.14.07

1/

Work footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of
rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle (provided for in
subheading 6402.99.31), the foregoing other than house
slippers and other than tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like...............................................

9902.14.08

1/

Work footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber
or plastics, not covering the ankle (provided for in subheading
6402.99.31), the foregoing other than house slippers and other
than tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes
and the like ...................................................................................

9902.14.09

1/

Footwear excluded from classification in subheading
6402.20.00 (zoris) because the thickest point of the sole is
more than 9.53 mm thicker than the thinnest point or more than
35 percent thicker than the thinnest point; such footwear
otherwise meeting the requirements for classification in
subheading 6402.20.00 (provided for in subheading
6402.99.31)...................................................................................

9902.14.10

1/

Women’s footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics
measuring not over 14 mm in thickness and with uppers of
plastics, such footwear designed for use in cheerleading
activities, valued over $15/pair and weighing no more than 0.5
kg/pair (provided for in subheading 6402.99.31)......................

9902.14.11

1/

Protective active footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers
of rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle, valued over
$24/pair (provided for in subheading 6402.99.32)...................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.12

1/

9902.14.13

1/

9902.14.14

1/

9902.14.15

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 121

Effective
Period

Protective active footwear for women, with outer soles and
uppers of rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle, valued
over $24/pair (provided for in subheading 6402.99.32); the
foregoing footwear, if valued over $26/pair, other than footwear
which provides protection against water that is imparted by
the use of a laminated textile fabric and with openings in the
bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the
upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed
to vent moisture ............................................................................

Protective active footwear for women, with outer soles and
uppers of rubber or plastics, not covering the ankle, which
provides protection against water that is imparted by the use
of a laminated textile fabric and with openings in the bottom
and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above
the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent
moisture; the forgoing footwear valued over $26/pair (provided
for in subheading 6402.99.32)....................................................

Footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with
waterproof molded bottoms or vulcanized bottoms, including
bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper,
and except footwear designed to be protective that is
incomplete in its condition as imported), not covering the ankle
or having a protective metal-toe cap, valued over $25/pair,
designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as
a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather where such protection includes protection
against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated textile
fabric (provided for in subheading 6402.99.33) .......................

Footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with
waterproof molded bottoms or vulcanized bottoms, including
bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper,
and except footwear designed to be protective that is
incomplete in its condition as imported), not covering the ankle
or having a protective metal-toe cap, valued over $27/pair,
designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as
a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the
use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or
side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the
sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to permit moisture
vapor transport from under the foot (provided for in subheading
6402.99.33) ..................................................................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

0.2%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 122

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.16

1/

9902.14.17

1/

Footwear for other persons, with outer soles and uppers of
rubber or plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear
with waterproof molded bottoms or vulcanized bottoms,
including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of
the upper, and except footwear designed to be protective that
is incomplete in its condition as imported), not covering the
ankle or having a protective metal-toe cap, valued over
$18/pair, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other
footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals
or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted
by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom
and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above
the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to permit
moisture vapor transport from under the foot (provided for in
subheading 6402.99.33) .............................................................

Footwear for women, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with
waterproof molded bottoms or vulcanized bottoms, including
bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper,
and except footwear designed to be protective that is
incomplete in its condition as imported); the foregoing not
covering the ankle or having a protective metal-toe cap, valued
over $25/pair, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other
footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals
or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes
protection against water that is imparted by the use of a coated
textile fabric greater than or equal to 9 microns in thickness
(provided for in subheading 6402.99.33)...................................

9902.14.18

1/

Women’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or
plastics, each sole measuring not over 12 mm in thickness,
the foregoing footwear designed for use in cheerleading
activities, valued over $19/pair and weighing not over 0.5
kg/pair (provided for in subheading 6402.99.90) .....................

9902.14.19

1/

Golf shoes for men, youths and boys, with outer soles of rubber,
plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of leather
(except pigskin uppers), not welt, the foregoing with spikes,
sprigs, cleats, stops, clips, bars or the like intended to enhance
traction and grip; such footwear designed to be worn in lieu of,
but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil,
grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather, where such
protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has
openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole or covered
openings in the upper above the sole, or a combination thereof,
designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading
6403.19.30) ..................................................................................

9902.14.20

1/

Footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and
uppers of leather, made on a base or platform of wood
(provided for in subheading 6403.99.20)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

1/

3.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

1.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 123

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

5.7%

No change

No change

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

2.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.21

1/

Work footwear for men, with outer soles of rubber or plastics
and uppers of leather, not covering the ankle, incorporating a
protective toe cap of materials other than metal (provided for
in subheading 6403.99.60)..........................................................

9902.14.22

1/

House slippers with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers
of leather, for men, youths and boys (provided for in
subheading 6403.99.60) .............................................................

9902.14.23

1/

9902.14.24

1/

Footwear for men, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin)
and outer soles of rubber or plastics (the foregoing other than
house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the like, and other than slip-on
footwear); such footwear not covering the ankle, valued
$29/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over,
other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or
chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection
is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings
in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in
the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof,
designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading
6403.99.60)...................................................................................

Footwear for men, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin)
and outer soles of rubber or plastics; the foregoing other than
house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the like, and other than slip-on
footwear; such footwear not covering the ankle, valued $27/pair
or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other
footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals
or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes
protection against water that is imparted by the use of a
laminated textile fabric (provided for in subheading 6403.99.60)
........................................................................................................

9902.14.25

1/

Work footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber, plastics,
leather or composition leather and uppers of leather, the
foregoing not covering the ankle, incorporating a protective
toe cap of materials other than metal, valued over $2.50 per
pair (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90)...........................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 124

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.26

1/

9902.14.27

1/

Footwear for other persons, with uppers of leather (other than
of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than
house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slip-on
footwear), not covering the ankle, valued $20/pair or higher,
designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as
a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or
inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the
use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or
side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the
sole unit or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture;
the foregoing, if for women, other than such footwear valued
over $29/pair (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) ..........

Footwear for women, with uppers of leather (other than of
pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than house
slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slip-on
footwear); such footwear not covering the ankle, valued
$29/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over,
other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or
chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection
is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings
in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in
the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof,
designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading
6403.99.90) ..................................................................................

9902.14.28

1/

House slippers with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers
of leather, valued over $2.50/pair, for women (provided for in
subheading 6403.99.90)..............................................................

9902.14.29

1/

Footwear for women, with uppers of leather (other than of
pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than house
slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slip-on
footwear); such footwear not covering the ankle, valued
$27/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over,
other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or
chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection
includes protection against water that is imparted by the use
of a laminated textile fabric); the foregoing, if valued $29/pair
or higher, other than footwear with openings in the bottom
and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above
the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent
moisture (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) ..................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

2.9%

No change

No change

7.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

6.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 125

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.30

1/

Footwear for other persons, with uppers of leather (other than
of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than
house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes,
gym shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slip-on
footwear), not covering the ankle, valued $18/pair or higher;
such footwear designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over,
other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or
chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection
includes protection against water that is imparted by the use
of a laminated textile fabric; the foregoing other than footwear
for women either (i) valued over $27 per pair, or (ii) if valued
over $20/pair, having openings in the bottom and/or side of
the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit,
or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided
for in subheading 6403.99.90)....................................................

9902.14.31

1/

Women’s footwear with uppers of leather and outer soles of
rubber or plastics, such soles measuring not over 9 mm in
thickness, the foregoing designed for use in cheerleading
activities, valued over $19/pair and weighing no more than 0.5
kg/pair (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) .....................

9902.14.32

1/

Women's sports footwear; tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym
shoes, training shoes and the like, with outer soles of rubber
or plastics and uppers textile materials, such uppers of which
over 50 percent of the external surface area (including any
leather accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned
in note 4(a) to ch. 64) is leather (provided for in subheading
6404.11.20) ..................................................................................

9902.14.33

1/

Footwear other than for men or women, with uppers of textile
materials and outer soles of rubber or plastics, of an athletic
type, exclusively of adhesive construction, without a foxing or
foxing-like band; such footwear valued over $3 but not over
$6.50 per pair (provided for in subheading 6404.11.69)..........

9902.14.34

1/

Ski boots, cross country ski footwear or snowboard boots,
constructed with a forward-leaning upper or designed to attach
securely to skis or a snowboard by means of bindings, the
foregoing valued over $12/pair, with outer soles of rubber,
plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of textile
materials (provided for in subheading 6404.11.90)..................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

8.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

XXII
99 - II - 126

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.35

1/

9902.14.36

1/

9902.14.37

1/

9902.14.38

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Sports footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber or
plastics and uppers of textile materials, valued over $20/pair,
other than ski boots, cross country ski footwear and snowboard
boots; such footwear designed to be worn in lieu of, but not
over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease
or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such
protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has
openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered
openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination
thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading
6404.11.90)...................................................................................

Sports footwear for men, with outer soles of rubber or plastics
and uppers of textile materials, valued over $20/pair, other
than ski boots, cross country ski footwear and snowboard
boots; such footwear designed to be worn in lieu of, but not
over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease
or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such
protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has
openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered
openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination
thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading
6404.11.90) ..................................................................................

Footwear for men, with vulcanized uppers of neoprene
measuring 7 mm in thickness, covered with a polyester knit
fleece on the interior and coated with rubber on the exterior,
such footwear measuring in height (from the base of the inner
sole to the top of the upper) 20.32 cm or more but not over
25.4 cm, with a cemented rubber sole; the foregoing
waterproof, valued per pair at $40 or higher, with each boot
having a slit in the top of upper collar designed to allow boot
to be affixed to a fishing wader (provided for in subheading
6404.19.20)...................................................................................

Footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber, plastics,
leather or composition leather and uppers of textile materials
(except vulcanized footwear and footwear with waterproof
molded or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising
an outer sole and all or part of the upper, work footwear and
footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its
condition as imported); such footwear valued over $25/pair,
not covering the ankle, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not
over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease
or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such
protection includes protection against water that is imparted
by the use of a laminated textile fabric (provided for in
subheading 6404.19.20)..............................................................

1/

12.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

14.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.39

1/

9902.14.40

1/

9902.14.41

1/

9902.14.42

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 127

Effective
Period

Footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber, plastics,
leather or composition leather and uppers of textile materials
(except vulcanized footwear and footwear with waterproof
molded or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising
an outer sole and all or part of the upper, work footwear, and
except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete
in its condition as imported), valued over $27/pair, not covering
the ankle, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other
footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals
or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted
by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom
and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above
the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent
moisture (provided for in subheading 6404.19.20)...................

Footwear for women, with uppers of vegetable fibers, with
open toes or open heels, having uppers of which at least 30
percent of the external surface area (including any sheepskin
accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in
note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the foregoing having
outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64
(provided for in subheading 6404.19.36)...................................

Footwear (other than for women) with uppers of vegetable
fibers, with open toes or open heels, having uppers of which
at least 30 percent of the external surface area (including any
sheepskin accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the
foregoing having outer soles with textile materials having the
greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken
into account under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter
64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.36).............................

Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics, with uppers of
textile material other than vegetable fibers and having outer
soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in
contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the
terms of additional note U.S. note 5 to chapter 64, with open
toes or open heels or of the slip-on type, weighing 10 percent
or more of rubber or plastics, valued $15/pair or higher; the
foregoing for women (other than house slippers) (provided for
in subheading 6404.19.37)..........................................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

5.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - II - 128

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.43

1/

9902.14.44

1/

9902.14.45

1/

9902.14.46

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics, with uppers of
textile material other than vegetable fibers and having outer
soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in
contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the
terms of additional note U.S. note 5 to chapter 64, with open
toes or open heels or of the slip-on type, weighing 10 percent
or more of rubber or plastics, valued at $10 or more but not
over $14.99/pair; the foregoing for women (other than house
slippers) (provided for in subheading 6404.19.37)...................

Footwear (other than footwear for men) with outer soles of
rubber or plastics and uppers of textile materials other than
vegetable fibers, with open toes or open heels, having uppers
in which at least 30 percent of the external surface area
(including any sheepskin accessories or reinforcements such
as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin
and having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest
surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into
account under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter
64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.37).............................

Footwear for women, with open toes or open heels, containing
10 percent or more by weight of rubber or plastics, with uppers
of textile materials and having uppers in which at least 30
percent of the external surface area (including any sheepskin
accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in
note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the foregoing with outer
soles of rubber or plastics and not having outer soles with
textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact
with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of
additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading
6404.19.39)...................................................................................

Footwear (other than for women) with open toes or open heels,
containing 10 percent or more by weight of rubber or plastics,
with uppers of textile materials and having uppers in which at
least 30 percent of the external surface area (including any
sheepskin accessories or reinforcements such as those
mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the
foregoing with outer soles of rubber or plastics and not having
outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface
area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account
under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64
(provided for in subheading 6404.19.39)...................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

10.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

34.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

31.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 129

Effective
Period

1/

1/

1/

1/

7.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

8.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.47

1/

9902.14.48

1/

Footwear with uppers of vegetable fibers (other than such
footwear for men or women), whether with outer soles of rubber
or plastics (provided for in subheading 6404.11.41, 6404.11.51,
6404.11.61, 6404.11.71, 6404.11.81, 6404.19.36, 6404.19.42,
6404.19.52, 6404.19.72 or 6404.19.82) or with outer soles of
materials other than leather or composition leather (provided
for in subheading 6405.20.30)....................................................

House slippers with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers
of textile materials other than vegetable fibers, valued over
$6.50 but not over $12/pair, such outer soles with textile
materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the
ground but not taken into account under the terms of additional
U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading
6404.19.87)...................................................................................

9902.14.49

1/

Footwear for men, valued over $24/pair, covering the ankle
but not covering the knee, with outer soles of rubber or plastics
and uppers of textile materials (provided for in subheading
6404.19.90)...................................................................................

9902.14.50

1/

Footwear for men or women, with outer soles of rubber or
plastics and uppers of textile materials, not covering the ankle,
valued over $12/pair, incorporating a protective toe cap of
materials other than metal (provided for in subheading
6404.19.90)...................................................................................

9902.14.51

1/

9902.14.52

1/

Footwear for women with outer soles of leather or composition
leather and uppers of textile materials, not elsewhere specified
or included, valued not over $20.00 per pair, the foregoing
other than footwear containing less than 10 percent by weight
of rubber or plastics and other than containing 50 percent or
less by weight of textile materials and rubber or plastics with
at least 10 percent by weight being rubber or plastics (provided
for in subheading 6404.20.60)....................................................

Footwear for women, with outer soles of leather or composition
leather and uppers of textile materials, not elsewhere specified
or included, valued over $20.00 per pair; the foregoing other
than footwear containing less than 10 percent by weight of
rubber or plastics and other than containing 50 percent or less
by weight of textile materials and rubber or plastics with at
least 10 percent by weight being rubber or plastics (provided
for in subheading 6404.20.60) ...................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 130

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.53

1/

Footwear for men, with vulcanized uppers of neoprene
measuring 7 mm in thickness, covered with a polyester knit
fleece on the interior and coated with rubber on the exterior;
such footwear measuring (from the base of the inner sole to
the top of the upper) 20.32 cm or more but not over 25.4 cm
in height, with felt outsoles; the foregoing waterproof, valued
at $40 per pair or higher and with each boot having with a slit
in the top of upper collar to allow boot to be affixed to a fishing
wader (provided for in subheading 6405.20.90) ......................

9902.14.54

1/

House slippers with outer soles and uppers of textile materials,
each with anti-slip traction dots on the outer sole, incorporating
a battery-operated sound or light device (provided for in
subheading 6405.20.90)..............................................................

9902.14.55

1/

Footwear for men, with uppers of which over 50 percent of the
external surface is polyurethane measuring 1.4 mm in thickness
and with cemented outer soles of which over 50 percent of the
external surface is felt, having the characteristics required for
normal use, including durability and strength; the foregoing not
covering the ankle and valued $20 per pair or higher (provided
for in subheading 6405.90.90) ...................................................

9902.14.56

1/

Detachable footwear gravel guards with uppers of 3 mm
neoprene, nylon jersey face and underside, each measuring
17.78 cm or more but not over 20.32 cm in height, with tapered
fit, designed to be held to the shoe with a hook-and-loop
fastener strip and loop wrap to affix together (provided for in
subheading 6406.90.15)..............................................................

9902.14.57

1/

Removable insoles of rubber or plastics, the foregoing designed
to provide foot support (provided for in subheading
6406.90.30)...................................................................................

9902.14.58

1/

Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous
vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination
thereof, plaited but not of plaited strips, sewed (provided for
in subheading 6504.00.30)..........................................................

9902.14.59

1/

Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous
vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination
thereof, made by assembling strips and sewed (provided for
in subheading 6504.00.30)..........................................................

9902.14.60

1/

Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous
vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination
thereof, plaited, but not of plaited strips and not sewed
(provided for in subheading 6504.00.60)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

4.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

4.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

3.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 131

Effective
Period

Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous
vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination
thereof, of plaited strips or made by assembling strips and not
sewed (provided for in subheading 6504.00.60)......................

1/

1.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.61

1/

9902.14.62

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

6.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

2.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Hats and other headgear, knitted, or made up in the piece from
lace, felt or other textile fabric (but not in strips), of cotton and
containing 23 percent or more by weight of wool, the foregoing
other than for babies and other than visors, or other headgear
which provides no covering for the crown of the head (provided
for in subheading 6505.00.15)....................................................

9902.14.63

1/

Hats and other headgear, knitted, or made up in the piece from
lace, felt or other textile fabric (but not in strips), of cotton and
containing less than 23 percent by weight of wool, the foregoing
other than for babies, and other than visors, or other headgear
that provides no covering for the crown of the head (provided
for in subheading 6505.00.15)....................................................

9902.14.64

1/

Hats and headgear, of man-made fibers, knitted or crocheted
or made up from knitted or crocheted fabrics in the piece (but
not in strips), not in part of braid, each valued at $5.00 or more
(provided for in subheading 6505.00.60)...................................

9902.14.65

1/

Babies' woven hats of man-made fibers, not in part of braid
(provided for in subheading 6505.00.80) ..................................

9902.14.66

1/

Umbrella frames, not presented with bases, the foregoing with
aluminum center support poles of a length greater than 2.133
m, whether or not including a tilt function (provided for in
subheading 6603.20.90) .............................................................

9902.14.67

1/

Foliage and flowers of plastics, representing desert or
underwater plants and not exceeding 45.72 cm in height, each
assembled by gluing and inserted into a base or suction cup,
the foregoing presented put up for retail sale as goods designed
for a household terrarium or aquarium (provided for in
subheading 6702.10.20) .............................................................

9902.14.68

1/

Foliage and flowers of plastics, representing desert or
underwater plants, each inserted directly into a base or suction
cup, measuring not over 20.32 cm in height, not assembled
by gluing or similar means or by binding with flexible materials
such as wire, paper, textile materials or foil; the foregoing
presented put up for retail sale as goods designed for a
household terrarium or aquarium (provided for in subheading
6702.10.40)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Polycrystalline fibers containing by weight over 70 percent of
alumina and less than 30 percent of silica, the foregoing
containing no alkaline oxides or boric oxide, presented in bulk
(provided for in subheading 6806.10.00)...................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

XXII
99 - II - 132

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.69

1/

9902.14.70

1/

9902.14.71

1/

9902.14.72

1/

9902.14.73

1/

Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers,
containing over 65 percent by weight of aluminum oxide and
not over 3 percent of acrylic latex organic binder, of a basis
weight greater than or equal to 1745 g/m2, measuring 10.0
mm or more in thickness; the foregoing presented in bulk,
sheets or rolls, designed for use in motor vehicles of heading
8703 (provided for in subheading 6806.10.00). .......................

Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers,
containing over 65 percent by weight of aluminum oxide and
not over 3 percent by weight of acrylic latex organic binder, of
a basis weight less than 1745 g/m2, measuring 5.0 mm or
more but not over 9.9 mm in thickness; presented in bulk,
sheets or rolls, designed for use in motor vehicles of heading
8703 (provided for in subheading 6806.10.00). .......................

Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers
containing over 65 percent by weight of aluminum oxide,
containing an acrylic latex organic binder of greater than 3
percent and less than 7 percent by weight, of a basis weight
less than 1745 g/m2, measuring at least 5.0 mm or no more
than 9.9 mm in thickness, in bulk, sheets or rolls, designed for
motor vehicles of heading 8703 (provided for in subheading
6806.10.00). .................................................................................

Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers,
containing over 65 percent by weight of aluminum oxide and
3 percent or more but less than 7 percent by weight of acrylic
latex organic binder, measuring 10.0 mm or more in thickness,
of a basis weight greater than or equal to 1745 g/m2; presented
in bulk, sheets or rolls, designed for use in motor vehicles of
heading 8703 (provided for in subheading 6806.10.00). ........

9902.14.74

1/

Stoneware ceramic slabs each measuring at least 320 cm in
length by 144 cm in width (provided for in subheading
6914.90.80)...................................................................................

9902.14.75

1/

Glass in balls (other than microspheres of heading 7018),
unworked and not comprising made-up articles, each
measuring over 3 mm but not over 6 mm in diameter (provided
for in subheading 7002.10.10) ...................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

4.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 133

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.76

1/

9902.14.77

1/

Wired rolled glass, surface ground and polished but not further
worked, presented in rectangular shapes and with a thickness
of 6.35 mm or more, designed to retain glass fragments within
wired sashes when shattered due to exposure to fire or impact
(provided for in subheading 7005.30.00)...................................

Discs of drawn glass, each measuring between 1.4 m and 1.7
m in diameter, between 40 and 50 mm in thickness and
between 200 and 250 kg in weight, the foregoing having been
machined so as to render one surface concave in shape and
the opposite surface convex in shape, the foregoing not framed
or fitted with other materials and not designed to manipulate
light to create an optical effect (provided for in subheading
7006.00.40)...................................................................................

9902.14.78

1/

Tempered glass covers for cooking ware, such covers
produced by automatic machine (provided for in subheading
7010.20.20)...................................................................................

9902.14.79

1/

Kitchenware of glass-ceramics, non-glazed and greater than
75 percent by volume crystalline (provided for in subheading
7013.10.10) ..................................................................................

9902.14.80

1/

Opaque cooking ware of glass-ceramics (provided for in
subheading 7013.10.50)..............................................................

9902.14.81

1/

9902.14.82

1/

9902.14.83

1/

Sets of coasters of glass, not pressed or toughened (specially
tempered), each printed with a cross-sectional image of an
object after formation of the glass which, when the coasters
in any set are stacked, depict a three-dimensional image of
such object; each coaster with attached protective rubber feet
and valued over $0.30 each but not over $3 each (provided
for in subheading 7013.99.50) ...................................................

Vases of blown glass, not pressed or toughened (specially
tempered), with blown-in color, the foregoing with no decoration
from glass, metal flecking, pictorial scenes or thread- or
ribbon-like effects embedded or introduced into the body of
such goods prior to solidification; measuring at least 15.2 cm
but not over 20.4 cm in height, with an opening at least 11.4
cm but not more than 12.7 cm wide, valued not over $3.00
each; presented without seeds or stones (provided for in
subheading 7013.99.50)..............................................................

Vases of blown glass, not pressed or toughened (specially
tempered), with blown-in color, the foregoing with no decoration
from glass, metal flecking, pictorial scenes or thread- or
ribbon-like effects embedded or introduced into the body of
such goods prior to solidification; measuring over 20.4 cm but
not over 25.4 cm in height, with an opening at least 11.4 cm
but not more than 12.7 cm wide, valued not over $3.00 each;
presented without seeds or stones (provided for in subheading
7013.99.50)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

0.1%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

7.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 134

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.84

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Mouth-blown decorative figures of birds, of glass, valued over
$15.00 each and identifiable by a pontil mark (provided for in
subheading 7013.99.90)..............................................................

9902.14.85

1/

Chopped strands of glass, of a length greater than 50 mm,
containing over 90 percent silica by weight (provided for in
subheading 7019.19.30) .............................................................

9902.14.86

1/

Slivers of glass, containing over 90 percent silica by weight
(provided for in subheading 7019.19.90)...................................

9902.14.87

1/

Liquid-filled glass bulbs designed for use in sprinkler systems
and other release devices (provided for in subheading
7020.00.60)...................................................................................

9902.14.88

1/

Silver wire, containing 90 percent or more by weight of silver,
but not more than 93 percent by weight of silver, and containing
6 percent or more by weight of tin oxide, but not more than 9
percent by weight of tin oxide (provided for in subheading
7106.92.50) ..................................................................................

9902.14.89

1/

Silver in semimanufactured form, containing by weight 87 to
89 percent of silver, 11 to 13 percent of tin and 0.1 to 0.7
percent of copper oxide, presented in the form of strip and
certified by the importer as suitable for use in electrical contact
systems intended for the manufacture of switches and relays
(provided for in subheading 7106.92.50) ..................................

9902.14.90

1/

Gauzes containing platinum, palladium and rhodium (provided
for in subheading 7115.10.00) ...................................................

9902.14.91

1/

Clad strips of silver, further worked than semimanufactured,
each containing 54 percent or more but not over 56 percent
by weight of silver; having three layers with one layer containing
87 percent or more but not over 89 percent by weight of silver
and 11 percent or more but not over 3 percent of tin, a second
layer containing 99.9 percent or more by weight of silver, and
a third layer containing 14.5 percent or more but not over 15.5
percent by weight of silver, 79 percent or more but not over 81
percent of copper and 4.8 percent or more but not over 5.2
percent of phosphorus; measuring 15.65 mm in width and 0.95
mm in thickness, presented in coils (provided for in subheading
7115.90.40) ..................................................................................

9902.14.92

1/

Pins and metal inserts of iron, fully plated in gold, silver or
bronze color, engraved or shaped to memorialize current year,
replicate school mascots or symbolize academic, sport, fine
arts and guard achievements, such pins or inserts valued not
more than $0.20 each (provided for in subheading
7117.19.90)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 135

Effective
Period

Ferroboron to be used for manufacturing amorphous metal
strip (provided for in subheading 7202.99.80)..........................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.14.93

1/

9902.14.94

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

1.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.4%

No change

No change

1.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Self-tapping screw anchors of steel (provided for in
7318.14.50), each having a shank (body) measuring 6.35 mm
in diameter and an internally threaded hex washer head
measuring 9.53 mm, having cut threads (provided for in
subheading 7318.14.50) .............................................................

9902.14.95

1/

Portable propane gas camping stoves, each with one
adjustable burner rated to generate up to 7,650 British thermal
units (BTUs) of power, with casing of steel and pan support
of steel covered with porcelain, the foregoing valued $4 or
more but not over $20 each (provided for in subheading
7321.11.10)...................................................................................

9902.14.96

1/

Handles of stainless steel, the foregoing comprising parts of
cooking ware (provided for in subheading 7323.93.00)...........

9902.14.97

1/

Insulated thermal pitchers, each with stainless steel interior
and exterior, with hinged stainless steel lid and a capacity not
exceeding 1 liter (provided for in subheading 7323.93.00)......

9902.14.98

1/

Wire crates of iron or steel, designed for dogs, the foregoing
that can be folded down, less than or equal to 0.76 m in length
(provided for in subheading 7323.99.90)...................................

9902.14.99

1/

Wire crates of iron or steel, designed for dogs, the foregoing
that can be folded down, greater than 0.76 but less than 1.37
m in length (provided for in subheading 7323.99.90)...............

9902.15.01

1/

Wire cages of iron or steel, each with attached tray of plastics
or of steel, such cages with one or two hinged doors for access
to inside of cage, the foregoing designed for small pets other
than dogs and for use in the home (provided for in subheading
7323.99.90)...................................................................................

9902.15.02

1/

Fire escape ladders no taller than 4.3 m when fully extended,
tested to support 510.3 kg of weight and designed to be hung
from a window measuring 15 cm or more but not over 25 cm;
such ladders each composed of window brackets and rungs
(stairs) of steel and rope of man-made fibers that connects the
rungs to each other and to the window bracket; with slip
resistant rungs and stabilizers, the foregoing for residential
use, valued not over $19 each (provided for in subheading
7326.90.86)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 136

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.03

1/

Fire escape ladders measuring 4.4 m or more but not more
than 7.4 m tall when fully extended, tested to support 510.3 kg
of weight and designed to be hung from a window measuring
15 cm or more but not over 25 cm; such ladders each
composed of window brackets and rungs (stairs) of steel and
rope of man-made fibers that connects the rungs to each other
and to the window bracket; with slip resistant rungs and
stabilizers, the foregoing for residential use, valued not over
$34.50 each (provided for in subheading 7326.90.86)............

9902.15.04

1/

Belts and bandoliers of iron or steel, not coated or plated with
precious metal, the foregoing presented with or without buckle
(provided for in subheading 7326.90.86)...................................

9902.15.05

1/

Side press wringer handles of steel (provided for in subheading
7326.90.86)...................................................................................

9902.15.06

1/

Riser joints of iron or steel, designed to connect drilling rigs to
subsea riser containment packages, the foregoing certified by
the importer as designed for high bending moments and tension
at the bottom and top of riser (provided for in subheading
7326.90.86)...................................................................................

9902.15.07

1/

Cold-formed profiles of nickel alloys, having the symmetrical
cross section of an isosceles triangle, with a total width
between 2.9 mm and 3.1 mm and a height between 3.8 mm
and 4.3 mm (provided for in subheading 7505.12.50).............

9902.15.08

1/

Cold-formed wire of nickel-titanium alloy, presented in coils,
with round cross section, with a diameter of 0.1778 mm or
more but not over 0.6350 mm (provided for in subheading
7505.22.10) ..................................................................................

9902.15.09

1/

Machined loupe mountings of cast aluminum, with
polytetrafluoroethylene coating (provided for in subheading
7616.99.51)...................................................................................

9902.15.10

1/

Zinc die-cast interior punches, each with a plastic exterior
casing (provided for in subheading 7907.00.60)......................

9902.15.11

1/

Sintered tungsten bars containing 99.95 percent or more by
weight of tungsten, in 0.004 mm (4 micron) size, each
measuring 49.78 cm to 64.14 cm in length, 19.56 cm to 23.5
cm in width and 3.99 cm to 4.11 cm in thickness (provided for
in subheading 8101.94.00)..........................................................

9902.15.12

1/

Gallium, unwrought and in solid form (provided for in
subheading 8112.92.10)..............................................................

9902.15.13

1/

Ingots of germanium, unwrought, each weighing 0.5 kg or more
but less than 2 kg (provided for in subheading 8112.92.60)....

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 137

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.14

1/

Ingots and monocrystalline crystals of germanium, each
classifiable as unwrought goods under the terms of additional
U.S. note to section XV of the tariff schedule and containing
99.999 percent by weight of germanium (provided for in
subheading 8112.92.60), the foregoing other than ingots of
germanium, unwrought, each weighing 0.5 kg or more but less
than 2 kg .......................................................................................

9902.15.15

1/

Secateurs and similar one-handed pruners and shears, each
with a gear-driven rotatable handle which provides increased
leverage and control to the movement of the blade (provided
for in subheading 8201.50.00)....................................................

9902.15.16

1/

Two-handed pruning and hedge shears, each with blades
articulated around a non-circular gear mechanism (provided
for in subheading 8201.60.00)....................................................

9902.15.17

1/

Grass shears, each with steel cutting blades articulated on a
swivel head for horizontal trimming and vertical edging
(provided for in subheading 8201.90.30)...................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

9902.15.18

1/

Tweezers (provided for in subheading 8203.20.20) ................

1/

1.5%

No change

No change

9902.15.20

1/

Hand tools designed for attaching tags to garments with plastic
fasteners, each comprising a steel feed mechanism housed
in a plastic body and a replaceable hollow needle through
which the fastener is fed, then inserted through the garment
material (provided for in subheading 8205.59.55)....................

9902.15.21

1/

Steel bench vises, each weighing less than 9 kg, bolt mounted
with a 180 degree swivel base and with reversible jaw faces
having a jaw width (opening) measuring between 11 and 12
cm (provided for in subheading 8205.70.00).............................

9902.15.22

1/

Steel bench vises, weighing less than 13.5 kg, bolt mounted
with a 180 degree swivel base and reversible jaw faces, having
a jaw width (opening) between 13 and 14 cm (provided for in
subheading 8205.70.00) .............................................................

9902.15.23

1/

Steel bench vises, each weighing less than 18.75 kg, bolt
mounted with a 180 degree swivel base and with reversible
jaw faces, having a jaw width (opening) of between 17 and 18
cm (provided for in subheading 8205.70.00).............................

9902.15.24

1/

Rotary rock drill bits, each with cutting part containing by weight
over 0.2 percent of chromium, molybdenum or tungsten or over
0.1 percent of vanadium (provided for in subheading
8207.19.30), designed for use with rock drilling and earth
boring tools of heading 8430 ......................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 138

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.25

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

4.2%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Rotary or fixed cutter drill bits, each with cutting part of precious
or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed)
on a substrate of base metal or metal carbide mounted to a
base metal body, the foregoing designed for use with rock
drilling and earth boring tools of heading 8430 (provided for in
subheading 8207.19.60)..............................................................

9902.15.26

1/

Vacuum insulated coffee servers with liners of steel, each with
a capacity over 2 liters, containing a brew-through lid and hole
at bottom of server for lever faucet attachment (provided for
in subheading 8210.00.00)..........................................................

9902.15.27

1/

Vacuum insulated coffee servers, each with outer layer and
liner of steel, with a capacity over 2 liters, with tightly fitted
hinged lid with a center hole designed to allow brewed
beverages to pass directly into such server with top lever action
for dispensing (provided for in subheading 8210.00.00) ........

9902.15.28

1/

Vacuum insulated coffee servers with liners of steel, each with
a capacity over 2 liters, with base but no lid and a hole at
bottom of server for lever faucet attachment at time of
importation (provided for in subheading 8210.00.00)..............

9902.15.30

1/

Scissors, valued over $1.75/dozen, designed for use in pet
grooming and presented with attached retail labeling or put up
for retail sale as goods designed to cut pet hair (provided for
in subheading 8213.00.90) .........................................................

9902.15.31

1/

Scissors, valued over $1.75/dozen, each with stainless steel
blades, one small loop handle and one larger loop handle and
with an overall length of less than 17 cm, the foregoing other
than those scissors designed for use in pet grooming and
presented with attached retail labeling or put up for retail sale
as goods designed to cut pet hair (provided for in subheading
8213.00.90)...................................................................................

9902.15.32

1/

Nail clippers with stainless steel blades,each having one or
both blades with rounded edged cut-outs and designed for use
in cutting nails of dogs, cats or other small pets (including birds,
rabbits, ferrets, hamsters, guinea pigs or gerbils) (provided for
in subheading 8214.20.30)..........................................................

9902.15.33

1/

Nail nippers and clippers and nail files, the foregoing other
than nail nippers and clippers with one or both blades having
rounded edged cut-outs and designed for use in cutting nails
of dogs, cats or other small pets (including birds, rabbits,
ferrets, hamsters, guinea pigs or gerbils) (provided for in
subheading 8214.20.30)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 139

Effective
Period

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

1.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

1.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

0.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.34

1/

Manicure and pedicure sets, each set containing clippers, files
and similar manicure or pedicure products; the foregoing not
in leather containers (provided for in subheading
8214.20.90)...................................................................................

9902.15.35

1/

Padlocks of base metal, of cylinder or pin tumbler construction,
each measuring over 3.8 cm but not over 6.4 cm in width, not
put up for retail sale (provided for in subheading
8301.10.80)...................................................................................

9902.15.36

1/

Manual door closers of base metal, suitable for use on
buildings, such closers with adjustable latch speed tension to
suit individual needs; designed with side mount activation
button which reduces user damage during activation (provided
for in subheading 8302.41.30) ...................................................

9902.15.37

1/

Armored safes of welded steel; each weighing 11.8 kg or less,
valued $24 or more but not over $36, with digital lock. (provided
for in heading 8303.00.00)...........................................................

9902.15.38

1/

Economizers comprising auxiliary plant for use with boilers of
heading 8402, with a pressure capacity of 10686.87 kPa,
certified by the importer as for use in the pulp and paper
industry (provided for in subheading 8404.10.00)....................

9902.15.39

1/

Stationary steam turbines, condensing type, direct drive, suited
for use with a generator, having an output of 60 MW or more
but not over 120 MW, with a rotational speed more than 3500
RPM (provided for in subheading 8406.81.10) ........................

9902.15.40

1/

Steam turbines, multi-stage, condensing type, direct drive,
suitable for use with a generator, having an output of 27 MW
or more but not over 40 MW, with an operating rotational speed
more than 3500 RPM (provided for in subheading 8406.82.10)
........................................................................................................

9902.15.41

1/

Used compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines
to be installed in vehicles of subheading 8701.20 or heading
8704 (provided for in subheading 8408.20.20).........................

9902.15.42

1/

Engine blocks, each weighing over 272 kg but not over 317
kg, for compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines
(diesel or semi-diesel engines) having a cylinder capacity of
approximately 12.4 liters for vehicles of subheading 8701.20
(provided for in subheading 8409.99.91)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 140

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.43

1/

9902.15.44

1/

High silicon molybdenum exhaust manifolds for use in
compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines (diesel
or semi-diesel engines) with cylinder capacity of 2,300 cc or
more but not exceeding 20,000 cc, each manifold measuring
at least 80 cm but not exceeding 200 cm in length, at least 10
cm but not over 200 cm in width, and at least 10 cm but not
exceeding 200 cm in height (provided for in subheading
8409.99.91)...................................................................................

Connecting rods designed for use in compression-ignition
internal combustion piston engines (diesel or semi-diesel
engines) for vehicles of subheading 8701.20 or heading 8702,
8703, or 8704, each rod measuring at least 20 cm but not
exceeding 120 cm in length, at least 10 cm but not exceeding
60 cm in width, and at least 5 cm but not exceeding 90 cm in
height (provided for in subheading 8409.99.91).......................

9902.15.45

1/

Cast iron crankcases, suitable for use solely or principally with
marine propulsion engines, each crankcase measuring more
than 1.1 m in length (provided for in subheading
8409.99.92)...................................................................................

9902.15.46

1/

Cast-iron cylinder heads suitable for use solely or principally
with marine compression-ignition engines, such parts with
cylinder bore over 125 mm and weighing over 32 kg each
(provided for in subheading 8409.99.92)...................................

9902.15.47

1/

Pistons suitable for use solely or principally with marine
propulsion engines, such pistons each having a cast steel
crown and aluminum body, weighing 12 kg or more (provided
for in subheading 8409.99.92)....................................................

9902.15.48

1/

Fuel-injection pump assemblies, designed for
compression-ignition internal combustion engines with a
capacity of 6.4 liters and with output of less than 1000 kW of
power (provided for in subheading 8413.30.10), the foregoing
other than used goods..................................................................

9902.15.49

1/

Fuel-injection pumps, designed for compression-ignition
engines having an output of 1000 kW or greater, each pump
weighing 60 kg or more and capable of generating a pressure
greater than 1200 bar, such pumps designed for use in a
common rail fuel system (provided for in subheading
8413.30.10), the foregoing other than used goods...................

9902.15.50

1/

Used fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps designed for
internal combustion piston engines (provided for in subheading
8413.30.10 or 8413.30.90)..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

0.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 141

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.51

1/

New fuel pumps for compression-ignition engines, other than
fuel-injection pumps, such pumps measuring 2 cm or more
but not over 163 cm in length, 2 cm or more but less than 127
cm in width and 2 cm or more but less than 95 cm in height
(provided for in subheading 8413.30.90)...................................

9902.15.52

1/

High pressure fuel pumps, each incorporating a default open
or closed solenoid valve, certified by the importer to be used
in regulating the fuel supply into the fuel rail, designed for use
in gasoline direct injection (GDI) spark-ignition internal
combustion piston engines (provided for in subheading
8413.30.90); the foregoing other than used goods...................

9902.15.53

1/

Vacuum pumps, each having a steel casing and outer shell of
plastics to permit cooling; such pumps measuring
approximately 22 cm in height and 16 cm in width, having an
aperture to connect with a HEPA filter and a power output
rating exceeding 850 W but not over 1050 W, valued no more
than $24 each (provided for in subheading 8414.10.00) ........

9902.15.54

1/

Exhaust fans for permanent ceiling installation designed to be
used in the bathroom, each containing an electric motor with
an output wattage not exceeding 125 W, with or without a light,
with volume flow between 1.35 m3 and 2.04 m3 per minute
and having a sound level greater than 2.2 sones but not
exceeding 6.8 sones (provided for in subheading
8414.51.30)...................................................................................

9902.15.55

1/

Exhaust fans designed for permanent ceiling installation in
bathrooms, each with a self-contained electric DC brush-less
motor with an output wattage not exceeding 125 W, with or
without a light, such fans having a sound level rating greater
than 0.1 sone but not exceeding 1.2 sones (provided for in
subheading 8414.51.30)..............................................................

9902.15.56

1/

9902.15.57

1/

Blower subassemblies, each consisting of an electric A/C or
D/C motor with an output wattage over 18.5 W but not
exceeding 38.5 W, a metal or plastic blower wheel and a base
plate, designed to be incorporated in ceiling fans for permanent
installation of subheading 8414.51.30 or in heating units
combining a heater, fan and lights for permanent installation,
of subheading 8516.29.00 (provided for in subheading
8414.59.65)...................................................................................

Chimney range hoods, island range hoods or under-the-cabinet
range hoods, of a kind normally used in the household,
designed for permanent installation to a wall or ceiling, each
such hood measuring over 121 cm on its maximum horizontal
side, presented with or without a blower; the foregoing, if
presented without blower, incorporating other ventilating
equipment (provided in subheading 8414.80.90).....................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

0.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

4.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

3.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 142

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.58

1/

9902.15.59

1/

Pedestal column assemblies comprising parts for oscillating
electric fans, presented in the assembled condition, each
consisting of upper and lower tubes of steel, with thermoplastic
collet (sleeve) covering the connection point of such tubes
together with accompanying collet insert and allowing the two
tubes to be locked at adjustable intervals (provided for in
subheading 8414.90.10)..............................................................

Plastic grilles (provided for in subheading 8414.90.10), each
incorporating a light-emitting diode (LED) light on the exterior
perimeter capable of providing continuous light, certified by
the importer as designed to be used with exhaust fans for
permanent installation and generating 2.83 m3 per minute,
such fans of a kind for residential use and described in
subheading 8414.51.30...............................................................

9902.15.62

1/

Air conditioning machines, incorporating a refrigerating unit,
mounted on wheels or castors, exceeding 17.58 kW per hour
(provided for in 8415.82.01)........................................................

9902.15.63

1/

Air conditioning machines, each incorporating a refrigerating
unit, mounted on wheels or castors, rated at less than 3.52 kW
per hour (provided for in 8415.82.01).........................................

9902.15.64

1/

Self-contained, portable air conditioning machines, not
designed to be fixed to a window, wall, ceiling or floor, with
cooling capacity rated at 3.52 kW per hour or more but less
than 17.58 kW per hour (provided for in subheading
8415.82.01)...................................................................................

9902.15.66

1/

Pressure distillation columns, designed to liquefy air and its
component gases, the foregoing containing brazed aluminum
plate-fin heat exchangers (provided for in subheading
8419.60.10)...................................................................................

9902.15.67

1/

Shell and tube oil coolers designed for compression-ignition
engines, such coolers measuring 50 cm or more but not over
180 cm in length, 10 cm or more but not over 70 cm in width
and 15 cm or more but not over 70 cm in height (provided for
in subheading 8419.89.95)..........................................................

9902.15.68

1/

Self-propelled sprinklers for agricultural or horticultural
purposes, other than center pivot type (provided for in
subheading 8424.82.00)..............................................................

9902.15.69

1/

Flexographic printing machinery, having continuous roll feed,
designed for printing on paperboard (whether or not such
paperboard is coated), with a printing speed less than 184
m/minute, and a print width of 101 cm or more but less than
280 cm (provided for in subheading 8443.16.00).....................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

0.8%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 143

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.70

1/

Flexographic printing machinery, having continuous roll feed,
designed for printing on paperboard (whether or not such
paperboard is coated), having a printing speed of 599 m/minute
or more but not more than 801 m/minute and a print width of
106 cm or more but not more than 178 cm (provided for in
subheading 8443.16.00) .............................................................

9902.15.71

1/

Weaving machines (power looms), shuttleless, rapier type, for
weaving fabrics of a width exceeding 30 cm but not exceeding
4.9 m (provided for in subheading 8446.30.50)........................

9902.15.72

1/

Weaving machines (power looms), shuttleless, jet type, for
weaving fabrics of a width exceeding 30 cm but not exceeding
4.9 m (provided for in subheading 8446.30.50)........................

9902.15.73

1/

Miter sawing machines, power operated, not numerically
controlled, for working metal, with safety cut off switch
(provided for in subheading 8461.50.80)...................................

9902.15.74

1/

Table saws for working wood, cork, bone, hard rubber, hard
plastics or similar hard materials, each with blade measuring
25.4 cm (provided for in subheading 8465.91.00), such saws
excluding (i) tilting arbor table saws, non-laser guided, each
with a 25.4 cm blade and of a weight not exceeding 220 kg,
and (ii) laser-guided tilting arbor table saws, each with 25.4
cm blade and detachable base with casters, weighing less
than 31 kg .....................................................................................

9902.15.75

1/

Benchtop band saws, for working wood, cork, bone, hard
rubber, hard plastics or similar hard materials, the foregoing
with a cutting depth between 25 and 36 cm, valued under
$1,000 each (provided for in subheading 8465.91.00)............

9902.15.76

1/

Floor standing (stationary) band saws, each with a cutting
depth between 25 and 36 cm, valued under $1,000 each
(provided for in subheading 8465.91.00)...................................

9902.15.77

1/

Tilting arbor table saws, non-laser guided, each with a 25.4
cm blade and of a weight not exceeding 220 kg (provided for
in subheading 8465.91.00)..........................................................

9902.15.78

1/

Laser-guided tilting arbor table saws, each with 25.4 cm blade
and presented with a detachable base with casters, the
foregoing weighing less than 31 kg (provided for in subheading
8465.91.00)...................................................................................

9902.15.79

1/

Miter sawing machines, power operated, not numerically
controlled, for working wood, cork, bone, hard rubber, hard
plastics or similar hard materials, with 25.4 cm blade, capable
of adjusting bevel of cut, without laser guides (provided for in
subheading 8465.91.00)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

0.1%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1.2%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.1%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - II - 144

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

9902.15.80

1/

Drill presses, valued under $1,000 each (provided for in
subheading 8465.95.00)..............................................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

9902.15.81

1/

9902.15.82

1/

9902.15.83

1/

Rotary drill, hammer and chiseling tools with self-contained
electric motor (provided for in 8467.21.00), each with
pneumatic hammering mechanism that engages with slotted
drive drill-bits and an electromechanical mechanism that
separates the drive from the internal gearings, with rated
amperage that does not exceed 15 A and with triaxial vibration
values, measured in accordance with European Norm 60745,
that do not exceed 9 m/s2............................................................

Machinery for molding, assembling or otherwise forming
uncured, unvulcanized rubber (green) tires (provided for in
subheading 8477.59.01), the foregoing to be used in production
of new pneumatic tires designed in all sizes for motor cars
(such tires in subheadings 4011.10.10 and 4011.10.50), buses
and trucks (such tires in subheadings 4011.20.10 and
4011.20.50), motorcycles (such tires in subheading
4011.40.00) and agricultural, forestry, construction or industrial
vehicles (such tires of subheadings 4011.70.00, 4011.80.10,
4011.80.20, 4011.80.80, 4011.90.10, 4011.90.20, and
4011.90.80)...................................................................................

Electromechanical "hide and seek" toys, designed for use by
cats or dogs, each with an electrically powered fast-moving
feather wand that changes direction randomly; such wand
mechanism positioned in a round enclosure of plastics,
designed to allow the wand to shoot out; such toys each
containing a carpeted scratching area on top (provided for in
subheading 8479.89.94)..............................................................

9902.15.84

1/

Electromechanical pet toys, each with a plastic butterfly
attached to a wire cable that revolves around a plastic base
when in use, such toy designed to simulate the flying motion
of a butterfly (provided for in subheading 8479.89.94)............

9902.15.85

1/

Vehicle stability control actuator assemblies (provided for in
subheading 8479.89.94)..............................................................

9902.15.86

1/

Subsea joinable connection devices rated at 68947.57 kPa,
each certified by the importer as having high strength bend
resistance and designed to interconnect subsea trees,
manifolds and pipeline terminates to route production flow to
a flow line (provided for in subheading 8479.89.94).................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

2.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

2.3%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 145

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.87

1/

9902.15.88

1/

Electromechanical cat toys, each depicting a bird in a cage,
such toy bird of textile materials with magnet inside its body
and suspended by a string from the top of a cage comprising
plastic ribs; such cage sitting on a base of plastics that contains
the electrical components; with cage base having a magnetic
coil designed to switch polarity and cause the bird to be in a
state of continuous motion (provided for in subheading
8479.89.94)...................................................................................

Electromechanical cat toys, with electrical function supplying
power to the moving parts and supporting the mechanical
function, each unit comprising an electrical/mechanical "mouse"
of plastics enclosed in an approximately 0.61 m diameter textile
fabric "pouch," with such "mouse" designed to randomly move
around the inside of the pouch (provided for in subheading
8479.89.94)...................................................................................

9902.15.89

1/

Optical telescope mirror segment support assemblies, each
presented without mirrors (provided for in subheading
8479.89.94)...................................................................................

9902.15.90

1/

Segmented compression-type molds designed to be used for
molding / forming and curing "green tires" with a rim diameter
measuring over 63.5 cm (provided for in subheading
8480.79.90), such tires for off-the-road use..............................

9902.15.91

1/

Valve-type fuel injectors, each functional in a common rail fuel
system with a pressure greater than 120 Mpa (1200 bar)
(provided for in subheading 8481.80.90), the foregoing other
than used goods............................................................................

9902.15.92

1/

Dosing module injectors, comprising parts of
compression-ignition engine after-combustion treatment
systems, measuring 30 cm or more but not over 50 cm in
length, 30 cm or more but not over 50 cm in width and 10 cm
or more but not over 30 cm in height (provided for in
subheading 8481.80.90), such injectors other than used .......

9902.15.93

1/

Used self-operating regulator valves, such valves designed
for controlling variables such as temperature, pressure or flow
(provided for in subheading 8481.80.90)...................................

9902.15.94

1/

Fuel Injectors, other than used, each incorporating a valve and
a micro-stamped orifice hole, certified by the importer as
designed to deliver fuel to the combustion chamber of a
gasoline engine with a pressure not exceeding 120 Mpa (1200
bar) (provided for in subheading 8481.80.90)...........................

9902.15.95

1/

Valves, capable of operating at pressures of 68.94 MPa or
more (provided for in subheading 8481.80.90), for controlling
production flow through a subsea tree, each mounted in a
module that can be removed and replaced by a remotely
operated underwater vehicle (ROV)...........................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 146

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.15.96

1/

New crankshafts of forged steel designed for use solely or
principally with compression-ignition internal combustion piston
engines, other than for vehicles of chapter 87, each measuring
more than 1.86 m in length and weighing 453 kg or more
(provided for in subheading 8483.10.30)...................................

9902.15.97

1/

Used camshafts and crankshafts, designed for use solely or
principally with compression-ignition internal combustion piston
engines (other than spark-ignition internal combustion engines)
(provided for in subheading 8483.10.30)...................................

9902.15.98

1/

New crankshafts designed for use solely or principally with
compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines of a
cylinder capacity exceeding 19,000 cc, such crankshafts
measuring 200 cm or more but not over 900 cm in length, 100
cm or more but not over 200 cm in width and 50 cm or more
but not over 200 cm in height (provided for in subheading
8483.10.30), the foregoing except such new crankshafts of
forged steel, other than for vehicles of chapter 87, each
measuring more than 1.86 m in length and weighing 453 kg
or more...........................................................................................

9902.15.99

1/

Plain shaft sputter bearings without housing (the foregoing
other than spherical bearings), each weighing 200 g or more
and with journal diameter measuring 117 mm or more (provided
for in subheading 8483.30.80)....................................................

9902.16.01

1/

Used fixed ratio speed changers (provided for in subheading
8483.40.50), other than transmissions for the vehicles of
headings 8701, 8702, 8703, 8704, and 8705...........................

9902.16.02

1/

Flexplates designed for use in compression-ignition engines
of a cylinder capacity equal to or greater than 6,000 cc but not
exceeding 20,000 cc, such flexplates measuring 5 cm or more
but not over 150 cm in length, 22 cm or more but not over 150
cm in width and 2 cm or more but not over 150 cm in height
(provided for in subheading 8483.60.80)...................................

9902.16.03

1/

Flexplates designed for use in compression ignition engines
with cylinder capacity ranging between 1000 cc to 5900 cc,
such flexplates measuring 35 cm or more but not over 50 cm
in length, 35 cm or more but not over 50 cm in width and 2 cm
or more but not over 10 cm in height (provided for in
subheading 8483.60.80)..............................................................

9902.16.04

1/

Ring gears, with diameter 30 cm or more but not over 200 cm
and height of 6 cm or more but not over 30 cm, the foregoing
to be assembled onto the periphery of a flexplate or flywheel
for a diesel engine ranging in cylinder capacity equal to or
greater than 5,000 cc but not exceeding 95,000 cc (provided
for in subheading 8483.90.50)....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

0.6%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

1.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

1.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 147

Effective
Period

Electromechanical rotational actuators, each with attached
actuator arm and pin (such arm measuring between 12 mm
and 15 mm in length and with pin diameter of 8 mm), of an
output of 36 W (provided for in subheading 8501.10.60)........

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.05

1/

9902.16.06

1/

Power back door (liftgate) actuator assemblies for the motor
vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, each consisting of a
brushless electric DC motor that generates between 350 and
400 W, an electromagnetic clutch, a clutch magnet, a clutch
flywheel, a clutch plate, a sensor and a housing (provided for
in subheading 8501.31.40)..........................................................

9902.16.07

1/

DC motors of an output between 190 W and 290 W, weighing
less than 1 kg, each in a cylindrical housing with height of
approximately 55 mm and a radius of approximately 45 mm
(provided for in subheading 8501.31.40)...................................

9902.16.08

1/

AC electric motors of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not
exceeding 74.6 W, single phase, each equipped with a
capacitor, rotary speed control mechanism and a motor
mounting cooling ring (provided for in subheading
8501.40.20)...................................................................................

9902.16.09

1/

AC electric motors of an output exceeding 37.5w but not
exceeding 72w, single phase, each equipped with a capacitor,
a speed control mechanism, and a motor mount of plastics
and a self-contained gear mechanism for oscillation (provided
for in subheading 8501.40.20)....................................................

9902.16.10

1/

AC electric motors, single-phase, of an output exceeding 50
W but not exceeding 74.6 W, each equipped with a capacitor
and a three-speed control switch (provided for in subheading
8501.40.20)...................................................................................

9902.16.11

1/

AC electric motors of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not
exceeding 95 W, single phase, each equipped with a capacitor
and a speed control mechanism (provided for in subheading
8501.40.40)...................................................................................

9902.16.12

1/

AC electric motors, single phase, of an output exceeding 74.6
W but not exceeding 95 W, such motors each equipped with
a capacitor and a three-speed control switch (provided for in
subheading 8501.40.40) .............................................................

9902.16.13

1/

Submersible multi-phase motors designed for use with pumps,
such motors cylindrical in shape, each having a diameter
exceeding 12 cm but not exceeding 18 cm and a length
exceeding 63 cm but not exceeding 80 cm, the foregoing
having a power output exceeding 3 kW but not exceeding 14.92
kW (provided for in subheading 8501.52.40)............................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.3%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 148

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.14

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

1.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

0.7%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Submersible multi-phase motors designed for use with pumps,
such motors cylindrical in shape, each having a diameter
exceeding 22 cm but not exceeding 35 cm and a length
exceeding 150 cm but not exceeding 230 cm, the foregoing
with a power output exceeding 149.2 kW but not exceeding
150 kW (provided for in subheading 8501.53.60)....................

9902.16.15

1/

AC electric generators, each with a flywheel and an
eddy-current loading device, the load being controlled
magnetically (provided for in subheading 8501.61.00),
designed for use in exercise equipment of subheading
9506.91..........................................................................................

9902.16.16

1/

Electric generating sets, each with spark-ignition internal
combustion piston engine fueled by natural gas (provided for
in subheading 8502.20.00)..........................................................

9902.16.17

1/

Stator core and rotor core laminations, imported in pairs each
comprising one stator core lamination and one rotor core
lamination; with such stator core laminations having an exterior
diameter of 26.42 cm and an inner diameter of 20.35 cm,
weighing 4.14 kg or more but not over 6.72 kg; such rotor core
laminations having an exterior diameter of 20.2 cm and an
inner diameter of 14.0 cm, weighing 3.3 kg or more but not
over 5.3 kg; the foregoing certified by the importer as designed
to be used in the manufacture of generator motors for charging
the battery of hybrid vehicles and of electric motors for
propulsion of hybrid vehicles (provided for in subheading
8503.00.95) ..................................................................................

9902.16.18

1/

Power adapters designed for use with standard car cigarette
lighter sockets having dual USB output ports with 12 W output
per port (provided for in subheading 8504.40.95)....................

9902.16.19

1/

Fuel shutoff solenoids designed for compression-ignition diesel
engines with cylinder capacity ranging between 2,000 cc and
20,000 cc, such solenoids measuring 5 cm or more but not
over 800 cm in length, 3 cm but not over 500 cm in width and
3 cm but not over 200 cm in height (provided for in subheading
8505.90.75)...................................................................................

9902.16.20

1/

Rechargeable lithium batteries, certified by the importer as
having a polymer electrolyte layer and composite cathode,
designed to complete 800 cumulative battery lifetime hours
and operate at sustained temperatures between 45 degrees
Celsius and 130 degrees Celsius continuously for a minimum
of 1 hour between recharges (provided for in subheading
8507.60.00)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 149

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.21

1/

9902.16.22

1/

Lithium thionyl chloride (LTC) batteries, annular in shape,
measuring 30.48 mm or more but not over 152.4 mm in length,
with an outer diameter of 10.16 cm or more but not over 127
mm and an inner diameter of 55.88 mm or more but not over
88.9 mm, certified by the importer as containing a lithium anode
and a liquid cathode comprising a porous carbon current
collector filled with thionyl chloride (SOCl2) (provided for in
subheading 8507.60.00)..............................................................

Lithium thionyl chloride batteries, cylindrical in shape,
measuring 30.48 mm or more but not over 152.4 cm in length,
having an outer diameter of 10.16 mm or more but not over
127 mm, each certified by the importer as containing a lithium
anode and a liquid cathode comprising a porous carbon current
collector filled with thionyl chloride (SOCl2) (provided for in
subheading 8507.60.00)..............................................................

9902.16.23

1/

Electromechanical burr coffee grinders, with self-contained
electric motor, each presented with one clear glass top storage
vessel and one clear glass bottom storage vessel (provided
for in subheading 8509.40.00)....................................................

9902.16.24

1/

Electromechanical domestic appliances, each with
self-contained electric motor, such appliances designed for
peeling, coring and slicing fruits and vegetables and capable
of cutting such food into spiral shapes, the foregoing each
having more than five interchangeable cutting blades (provided
for in subheading 8509.40.00)....................................................

9902.16.25

1/

Electromechanical cylindrical coffee grinders, each operated
by pushing the plastic cover into the base, the foregoing having
a removable stainless steel bowl with a capacity of more than
0.1 liter and not exceeding 0.2 liter (provided for in subheading
8509.40.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.26

1/

Electromechanical knives, each with self-contained electric
motor, valued $8 or more but not more than $40 each (provided
for in subheading 8509.80.50)....................................................

9902.16.27

1/

Litterboxes, each with self-contained electric motor powered
by an external adapter that plugs into a wall socket or electrical
outlet and may have batteries for back-up, such devices which
rake and/or disperse cat waste into a compartment after a
certain amount of time has passed once the mechanism is
triggered by cat entering the litterbox; the foregoing designed
for domestic use (provided for in subheading 8509.80.50)......

9902.16.28

1/

Feeders, each with a self-contained electric motor powered
by an external adapter that plugs into a wall socket or electrical
outlet or uses batteries, such devices which can be
programmed to disperse various quantities of food at pre-set
times, designed for domestic use by dogs and cats (provided
for in subheading 8509.80.50)....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 150

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.29

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

0.3%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Waterers, each with a self-contained electric motor powered
through an external adapter that plugs into a wall socket or
electrical outlet or uses batteries, such devices which filter a
continuously flowing water fountain or replenish water when
volume is below a certain fill level, the foregoing designed for
domestic use by dogs and cats (provided for in subheading
8509.80.50)...................................................................................

9902.16.30

1/

Feeders designed for use with fish, each with a self-contained
electric motor powered by batteries, with retaining clips or
clamps to attach to a household aquarium, the foregoing which
can be programmed to disperse various quantities of food at
preset times (provided for in subheading 8509.80.50).............

9902.16.31

1/

Electromechanical knives, each with self-contained electric
motor (provided for in subheading 8509.80.50), the foregoing
only if valued either less than $8 or more than $40 each ........

9902.16.32

1/

Hand-held battery-operated automatic can openers, each with
self-contained electric motor, such can operners weighing not
over 20 kg exclusive of extra interchangeable parts or
detachable auxiliary devices (provided for in subheading
8509.80.50)...................................................................................

9902.16.33

1/

Stainless steel food beaters, designed for use solely on
electromechanical hand-held food mixers suitable for domestic
purposes (provided for in subheading 8509.90.55)..................

9902.16.34

1/

Stainless steel dough hooks designed for use solely on
electromechanical food hand mixers suitable for domestic
purposes (provided for in subheading 8509.90.55)..................

9902.16.35

1/

Electrothermal bowls designed for use with electromechanical
stand food mixers of a kind used for domestic purposes, each
bowl having a control panel with digital display (provided for
in subheading 8509.90.55)..........................................................

9902.16.36

1/

Stainless steel bowls designed for use on electromechanical
stand food mixers, each having a capacity greater than 4.7
liters but not exceeding 8.6 liters (whether or not having a single
stainless steel vertically oriented welded handle), the foregoing
each having a rolled top edge and two welded stainless steel
side brackets with circular holes (provided for in subheading
8509.90.55)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 151

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

0.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.6%

No change

No change

1.2%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.37

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Stainless steel bowls designed for use on electromechanical
stand food mixers, each having a capacity greater than 3.3
liters but not exceeding 4.8 liters (whether or not having a single
stainless steel vertically oriented welded handle), the foregoing
each having a rolled top edge and welded stainless steel base
with four protrusions designed to interlock with a stand food
mixer base (provided for in subheading 8509.90.55)...............

9902.16.38

1/

Used electric starter motors for spark ignition or compression
ignition internal combustion engines (provided for in
subheading 8511.40.00)..............................................................

9902.16.39

1/

New alternators rated to produce voltage at 24 V and current
at 500 A or more, designed to power military diesel engine
components and supporting systems, such alternators each
weighing less than 55 kg and measuring less than 300 mm in
diameter (provided for in subheading 8511.50.00) ..................

9902.16.40

1/

Used generators (alternators) of a kind used in conjunction
with spark ignition or compression ignition internal combustion
engines (provided for in subheading 8511.50.00)....................

9902.16.41

1/

Parts of signaling equipment, each with pressed sealing on
the flanges (provided for in subheading 8512.90.20)...............

9902.16.42

1/

Electric heating units designed for permanent ceiling
installation, each containing a heater and one or two infrared
bulbs, with or without a fan (provided for in subheading
8516.29.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.43

1/

Heating units each combining a heater, a fan and a light for
residential use, designed for permanent ceiling installation,
each containing an adjustable louver mounted in the grille,
such louver may be rotated 360 degrees for the flow of heat
output to be manually self-positioned (provided for in
subheading 8516.29.00)..............................................................

9902.16.44

1/

High-capacity heating units, designed to be permanently
mounted into a wall and for use in residential households, each
generating 1000 and 1500 W, containing a grille, with or without
built-in thermostat (provided for in subheading 8516.29.00)....

9902.16.45

1/

Electrothermic steam irons of a kind used for domestic
purposes, capable of operating without power cord connected
to mains, each with detachable base (provided in subheading
8516.40.40) ..................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Electrothermic steam irons of a kind used for domestic
purposes, each with a ceramic-coated cast aluminum sole
plate (provided for in subheading 8516.40.40), the foregoing
not capable of operating without power connected to mains....

1/

1.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

XXII
99 - II - 152

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.46

1/

9902.16.47

1/

Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each having oven capacity greater than
48 liters but not exceeding 49 liters, the foregoing containing
a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but
not exceeding 31 cm and with a door having an exterior molded
plastic handle (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00)..........

9902.16.48

1/

Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each having oven capacity greater than
48 liters but not exceeding 49 liters, the foregoing having a
glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but
not exceeding 31 cm and a door with exterior metal handle
(provided for in subheading 8516.50.00)...................................

9902.16.49

1/

Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each having oven capacity greater than
53 liters but not exceeding 55 liters, the foregoing having a
glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but
not exceeding 31 cm (provided for in subheading
8516.50.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.50

1/

Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each having an oven capacity of greater
than 58 liters but not exceeding 60 liters, the foregoing having
a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but
not exceeding 32 cm (provided for in subheading
8516.50.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.51

1/

Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each having an oven capacity of greater
than 58 liters but not exceeding 60 liters, the foregoing having
a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 35 cm but
not exceeding 37 cm (provided for in subheading
8516.50.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.52

1/

Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each having oven capacity of greater than
53 liters but not exceeding 55 liters, the foregoing having a
glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 35 cm but
not exceeding 37 cm (provided for in subheading
8516.50.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.53

1/

Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each having oven capacity of 56 liters or
more but not over 58 liters, having a glass turntable plate with
a diameter measuring 30 cm or more but not over 31 cm
(provided for in subheading 8516.50.00)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

0.5%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1.2%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 153

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.54

1/

Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each having oven capacity of greater than
56 liters but not exceeding 58 liters, the foregoing having a
glass rectangular turntable plate (provided for in subheading
8516.50.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.55

1/

Electrothermic waffle makers, of a kind used for domestic
purposes, with dual-sided plates positioned vertically and deep
grids divided into equal quarters in a circular shape mold, with
funnel on top; such appliances in stainless steel housing, with
a spout including fill mark level and a release to open housing
for waffle removal (provided for in subheading 8516.60.60)....

9902.16.56

1/

Electrothermic multifunction grills of a kind used for domestic
purposes, each incorporating a cooking plate for use as a grill,
griddle or oven, with removable power cord with a thermostatic
control (provided for in subheading 8516.60.60)......................

9902.16.57

1/

Electrothermic dual-grid sandwich grilling appliances of a kind
used for domestic purposes, each with a locking latch and
floating upper lid (provided for in subheading 8516.60.60), the
foregoing without thermostatic control.......................................

9902.16.58

1/

Electrothermic automatic drip coffee makers of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each capable of brewing multiple servings
and incorporating a removable water tank with a handle; the
foregoing excluding coffee makers with dome-shaped housing
or designed for permanent installation into a wall, cabinet or
shelf, and excluding coffee makers designed to utilize coffee
capsules or pods (provided for in subheading 8516.71.00).....

9902.16.59

1/

Electrothermic automatic coffee makers of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each having a dome-shaped housing over
the brewing chamber, the foregoing capable of brewing multiple
servings and designed to heat all water in separate heating
chamber before releasing heated water into brewing chamber
(provided for in subheading 8516.71.00)...................................

9902.16.60

1/

Electrothermic siphon coffee brewers of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each with upper globe-shaped chamber
that seals to bottom carafe magnetically, the foregoing having
an electronic control in base (provided for in subheading
8516.71.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.61

1/

Electrothermic tea kettles, of a kind used for domestic
purposes, each with clear glass chamber, having a stainless
steel tea steeper and hinged metal limescale filter, the foregoing
having a base containing a temperature control lever (provided
for in subheading 8516.71.00)....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Electrothermic coffee machines of a kind used for domestic
purposes, designed to brew using coffee capsules, each having
a loading lever containing both stainless steel and plastic
(provided for in subheading 8516.71.00)...................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

XXII
99 - II - 154

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.62

1/

9902.16.63

1/

Electrothermic espresso makers of a kind used for domestic
purposes, each with hydraulically activated "shower head"
spray with automatic tamping and retraction functionality and
magnetic locking drawer style filter, the foregoing without
bayonet locking tabs (provided for in subheading
8516.71.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.64

1/

Automatic drip coffee makers of a kind used for domestic
purposes, each with an electronic programmable clock and
with a front-access water reservoir and brew basket (provided
for in subheading 8516.71.00); the foregoing other than coffee
makers with removable water tank or with dome-shaped
housing over brewing chamber...................................................

9902.16.65

1/

Electrothermic automatic drip coffee makers of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each with electronic clock and
self-contained coffee holding chamber, the foregoing designed
to be used without separate carafe (provided for in subheading
8516.71.00); the foregoing excluding coffee makers (i)
designed for permanent installation in a wall, cabinet or shelf,
(ii) with removable tank with a handle or (iii) with loading lever
containing both stainless steel and plastics...............................

9902.16.66

1/

Electrothermic automatic coffee makers of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each incorporated into a housing for
permanent installation into a wall or cabinet or on a shelf and
capable of remote operation via wireless connection to a
smartphone or tablet (provided for in subheading
8516.71.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.67

1/

Electrothermic toaster ovens of a kind used for domestic
purposes, each incorporating a single-slot toaster opening on
top of the oven (provided for in subheading 8516.72.00)........

9902.16.68

1/

Electrothermic painted metal dome-shaped kettles, of a kind
used for domestic purposes, each with a circular thermometer
display and a base containing a temperature control lever and
power button (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00)...........

9902.16.69

1/

Electrothermic stainless steel cylindrical kettles, of a kind used
for domestic purposes, each with a liquid crystal display and
operational control buttons and display on top of the handle
and having a translucent capacity indicator behind the handle
(provided for in subheading 8516.79.00)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

0.7%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 155

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.70

1/

9902.16.71

1/

9902.16.72

1/

Electrothermic slow cookers of a kind used for domestic
purposes with stainless steel or painted metal exterior, each
with a glass lid and removable ceramic cooking pot with a
capacity of 5.68 liters, such cooker having five cooking
functions (slow cook, brown and saute, steam, bake and roast)
controlled by a digital control panel (provided for in subheading
8516.79.00), the foregoing without a thermometer probe or
boiling and simmering functions..................................................

Electrothermic slow cookers of a kind used for domestic
purposes, with stainless steel or painted metal exterior, each
with a glass lid and removable ceramic cooking pot with a
capacity of 5.68 liters, such cookers having three cooking
functions (bake, saute and slow cooking) operated by a digital
control panel (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00), the
foregoing without a thermometer probe or boiling and
simmering functions......................................................................

Electrothermic slow cookers of a kind used for domestic
purposes, with stainless steel or painted metal exterior, each
with one primary removable ceramic cooking pot with a
capacity of 3.31 liters and with two removable ceramic cooking
pots each having a capacity of 1.42 liters located above the
primary unit and attached to swing arms that can move to the
left and right of such primary unit, with separate knobs to
control temperature of each cooking pot (provided for in
subheading 8516.79.00), the foregoing without a thermometer
probe or boiling and simmering functions .................................

9902.16.73

1/

Electrothermic sandwich cookers of a kind used for domestic
purposes, designed to be used with round bread (provided for
in subheading 8516.79.00)..........................................................

9902.16.74

1/

Electrothermic multifunctional cookers (multicookers) of a kind
used for domestic purposes, each incorporating a timer and
designed to prepare foods by various methods, including
boiling, simmering, baking, frying, roasting or stewing (provided
for in subheading 8516.79.00), the foregoing without a
thermometer probe ......................................................................

9902.16.75

1/

Electrothermic programmable slow cookers of a kind used for
domestic purposes, with thermometer probe (provided for in
subheading 8516.79.00), the foregoing without boiling and
simmering functions .....................................................................

9902.16.76

1/

Electrothermic pressure cookers of a kind used for domestic
purposes, with a capacity of not less than 5 liters, rated more
than 1000 W but not more than 1200 W (provided for in
subheading 8516.79.00)..............................................................

9902.16.77

1/

Electrothermic rice cookers of a kind used for domestic
purposes, rated 200 W or less, each with detachable power
cord (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00)..........................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 156

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.78

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

3.6%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Electrothermic pressure cookers of a kind used for domestic
purposes, each with a capacity of not less than 5 liters and
rated more than 1200 W but not more than 1400 W (provided
for in subheading 8516.79.00)....................................................

9902.16.79

1/

Electrothermic pressure cookers of a kind used for domestic
purposes, each with a capacity of less than 5 liters and rated
from 800 W to 1000 W (provided for in subheading
8516.79.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.80

1/

Electrothermic hot oil popcorn poppers of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each with rotating metal wire stirring sticks
and mechanical tumbler action (provided for in subheading
8516.79.00)...................................................................................

9902.16.81

1/

Electrothermic plug-mounted room deodorizers of a kind used
for domestic purposes, each with decorative non-plastic
housing, not incorporating a rheostat; such appliances intended
for use with fragrant wax, whether or not presented with wax
(provided for in subheading 8516.79.00)...................................

9902.16.82

1/

Handheld electrothermic garment steamers of a kind used for
domestic purposes, each with body of plastics, with output
rated less than 1000 W, with retractable cord and weighing
not more than 1 kg, whether or not packaged with a storage
bag (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00)...........................

9902.16.83

1/

Vacuum insulated coffee carafes, with interior and exterior of
stainless steel, each with a capacity over 1 liter but not over 2
liters and plastic brew-through lid for direct brewing (provided
for in subheading 8516.90.90)....................................................

9902.16.84

1/

Vacuum insulated thermal pitchers, each with stainless steel
interior and exterior, with a capacity exceeding 1 liter but not
exceeding 2 liters, measuring 27.94 cm or more but not over
30.48 cm in height, with plastic brew-through lid for direct
brewing and plastic spout and handle for pouring (provided
for in subheading 8516.90.90)....................................................

9902.16.85

1/

Flat panel liquid crystal display (LCD) television reception
apparatus, each including a television tuner, designed for
incorporation into exercise equipment (provided for in
subheading 8528.72.72)..............................................................

9902.16.86

1/

15 Amp ground fault circuit interrupters (provided for in
subheading 8536.30.80)..............................................................

9902.16.87

1/

Ground fault circuit interrupters rated at 20 A (provided for in
subheading 8536.30.80)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 157

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.16.88

1/

Arc fault circuit interrupters, including dual function arc/ground
fault circuit interrupters (provided for in subheading
8536.30.80)...................................................................................

9902.16.89

1/

Lamp-holder housings of porcelain, containing sockets
(provided for subheading 8536.61.00).......................................

9902.16.90

1/

Assemblies each comprising a chassis or shelving of
subheading 8517.70 combined with a backplane
(panel/distribution board) equipped with two or more apparatus
of heading 8535 or 8536, for electric control or the distribution
of electricity, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (provided for
in subheading 8537.10.91)..........................................................

9902.16.91

1/

Printed circuit assemblies suitable for use solely with ground
fault circuit interrupters (GFCIs) and arc fault circuit interrupters
(AFCIs) of subheading 8536.30.80 (provided for in subheading
8538.90.30) ..................................................................................

9902.16.92

1/

Ultraviolet lamps filled with deuterium gas, each without
radio-frequency identification device and valued over $300
(provided for in subheading 8539.49.00)...................................

9902.16.93

1/

Ultraviolet lamps filled with deuterium gas, each with
radio-frequency identification device and valued over $300
(provided for in subheading 8539.49.00)...................................

9902.16.94

1/

Cathode-ray data/graphic display tubes, color, with a phosphor
dot screen pitch smaller than .4mm and with less than
90-degree deflection.(provided for in subheading
8540.40.10)...................................................................................

9902.16.95

1/

9902.16.96

1/

Position sensors, each designed to emit digital pulses when
rotated or moved linearly, consisting of an outer housing with
dimensions of approximately 67 mm by 50 mm by 24 mm that
contains an electrical connector and a printed circuit assembly,
such sensors certified by the importer as designed for use in
ground-based observatories (provided for in subheading
8543.70.45)...................................................................................

Electrical cables and cable bundles for a voltage not exceeding
1,000 V, fitted with connectors (provided for in subheading
8544.42.90), the foregoing of a kind used with machines and
apparatus for the manufacture or inspection of semiconductor
devices of subheading 8486.20.00 or with optical instruments
and appliances for inspecting semiconductor wafers of
9031.41.00.....................................................................................

9902.16.97

1/

Motor chassis fitted with cabs, each consisting of a motor
vehicle chassis fitted with only electric motor for propulsion
and a cab, with G.V.W. exceeding 5 metric tons but not
exceeding 20 metric tons and for the transport of goods
(provided for in subheading 8704.90.00)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

0.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

23.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - II - 158

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

9902.17.01

1/

Used gear boxes for the vehicles of subheading 8701.20 or
heading 8704 (provided for in subheading 8708.40.11)..........

1/

9902.17.02

1/

New gear boxes for the vehicles of headings 8702 or 8704,
the foregoing gear boxes with six speeds and with peak torque
rating of at least 69 kg-m but not greater than 110 kg-m
(provided for in subheading 8708.40.11)...................................

9902.17.03

1/

Used gear boxes for vehicles of subheadings 8701.30.50,
8701.91, 8701.92, 8701.93, 8701.94 and 8701.95 (provided
for in subheading 8708.40.50)....................................................

9902.17.04

1/

Differentials for vehicles of heading 8703, each incorporating
a self-contained silicone-fluid filled reservoir, shear pump and
progressively-locking clutch pack, the foregoing other than for
tractors (except road tractors) (provided for in subheading
8708.50.89)...................................................................................

9902.17.05

1/

Suspension system stabilizer bars of alloy steel, weighing not
more than 40 kg, designed for use in Class 7 and Class 8
heavy duty trucks only (provided for in subheading
8708.80.65)...................................................................................

9902.17.06

1/

Mufflers and exhaust pipes for motor vehicles of headings
8701 to 8705 (other than for tractors suitable for agricultural
use) (provided for in subheading 8708.92.50) and parts thereof
(provided for in subheading 8708.92.75) ..................................

9902.17.07

1/

Bicycles each with no seat, no seat tube and no seat stay,
designed to be pedaled by a user in a standing position only,
such bicycles having both wheels not exceeding 63.5 cm in
diameter (provided for in subheading 8712.00.15)...................

9902.17.08

1/

Cycles, each either with two wheels and having both wheels
not exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, or with three wheels; all
the foregoing propelled by laterally mounted pedals designed
to be pushed in an alternative elliptical step motion (provided
for in subheading 8712.00.50)....................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.1%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

2.3%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

2.4%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

9902.17.09

1/

Unicycles (provided for in 8712.00.50)......................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

9902.17.10

1/

Disc brakes designed for bicycles, and parts thereof (provided
for in 8714.94.90)..........................................................................

1/

6.7%

No change

No change

9902.17.11

1/

"Z"-shaped water bottle holders (cages) of alloy or composite
material, designed for use on bicycles (provided for in
8714.99.80)...................................................................................

9902.17.12

1/

Wide angle reflectors, designed for use on bicycles (provided
for in 8714.99.80)..........................................................................

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 159

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.17.13

1/

9902.17.14

1/

One-piece baby strollers, each with non-detachable seat; with
foldable, non-removable anchor points designed for car seat
mounting and a folding mechanism designed to allow the
backrest to collapse forward against the stroller seat (provided
for in heading 8715.00.00)...........................................................

Baby strollers, each with chassis presented with removable
seat and removable bassinet, with the seat designed to be
attached to the chassis base plate, with the seat backrest
designed to allow a child to be in a reclining position or to be
supported at varying backrest angles; the foregoing not
including any such stroller with a tilting or tilted seat only
(provided for in heading 8715.00.00).........................................

9902.17.15

1/

Projection lenses, each with focal length of 1.13 m or more but
not over 36.94 m and a throw ratio of 0.66 m or more but not
over 9.23 m, the foregoing not exceeding 8 kg in weight
(provided for in subheading 9002.11.40)...................................

9902.17.16

1/

Projection lenses, each with focal length of 19.68 mm or more
but not over 132.0 mm, throw ratio of 0.28:1 or more but not
over 7.10:1 and focus range optical 0.45 m or more but not
over 40 m, the foregoing not exceeding 5.4 kg in weight
(provided for in subheading 9002.11.40)...................................

9902.17.17

1/

Swim goggles, protective, with silicone head straps (provided
for in subheading 9004.90.00)....................................................

9902.17.18

1/

Projection screens, each measuring 11 m or more but not over
22 m in width, of acoustically transparent perforated material
(provided for in subheading 9010.60.00)...................................

9902.17.19

1/

Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each
with a video display diagonal measuring not over 58.42 cm
(provided for in subheading 9013.80.90)...................................

9902.17.20

1/

Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each
with a video display diagonal measuring over 58.42 cm but
not over 78.74 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90)
........................................................................................................

9902.17.21

1/

Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each
with a video display diagonal measuring over 78.74 cm but
not over 81.28 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90)....

9902.17.22

1/

Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each
with a video display diagonal measuring over 81.28 cm but
not over 99.06 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90)....

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

XXII
99 - II - 160

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.17.23

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each
with a video display diagonal measuring over 99.06 cm but
not over 101.6 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90)....

9902.17.24

1/

Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each
with a video display diagonal measuring over 101.6 cm but
not over 124.46 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90).

9902.17.25

1/

Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each
with a video display diagonal measuring over 124.46 cm but
not over 137.16 cm (provided for in subheading 9013.80.90).

9902.17.26

1/

Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies, each
with a video display diagonal measuring over 137.16 cm
(provided for in subheading 9013.80.90)...................................

9902.17.27

1/

Optical attenuators designed to reduce the power level of an
optical signal, either in free space or in an optical fiber, such
instruments or apparatus specifically designed for
telecommunications (provided for in subheading
9013.80.90)...................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

9902.17.28

1/

Bicycle speedometers (provided for in 9029.20.20).................

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

9902.17.29

1/

Oscilloscopes and oscillographs, having a bandwidth range
of 20 GHz to 90 GHz and a sampling rate range of 50
megabytes per second (50 Mbps) to 80 gigabytes per second
(80 Gbps), each with 1 to 16 measurement channels, internal
hard drive, 1 to 4 interchangeable measurement modules and
a color touch screen measuring over 25 cm but not over 28
cm (provided for in subheading 9030.20.10), the foregoing
other than hand-held.....................................................................

9902.17.30

1/

Hand-held oscilloscopes (provided for in subheading
9030.20.10) ..................................................................................

9902.17.31

1/

Multimeters, each without recording device, not intended to
be hand-held, having either 4-1/2, 5-1/2, 6-1/2, 7-1/2 or 8-1/2
digits of measurement accuracy, with or without LXI (LAN
extension for instruments) standard and with either a color or
non-color single or dual display screen (provided for in
subheading 9030.31.00)..............................................................

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 161

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.17.32

1/

9902.17.33

1/

True RMS (root mean square) multimeters, without recording
device, hand-held, each having either 3-1/2, 4 or 4-1/2 digits
of measurement accuracy and either a liquid crystal display
(LCD) or organic light emitting diode (OLED) display screen,
designed to provide one or more of the following
measurements: DCV, ACV, DCI, ACI, 2 and/or 4 wire
resistance, frequency, continuity, diode test, capacitance,
temperature, dB, switch counter, harmonic ratio, pulse width,
delay cycle and/or 4 to 20 mA percent scale (provided for in
subheading 9030.31.00)..............................................................

PXI 6-1/2 digit digital multimeters (DMM), each without
recording device, not intended to be hand-held, having 6-1/2
digit of measurement accuracy, designed to provide basic
measurements that may include DCV, ACV, DCI, ACI, 2 and
4 wire resistance, frequency, period, capacitance, temperature,
duty cycle, counter and DC source (provided for in subheading
9030.31.00)...................................................................................

9902.17.34

1/

Digital multimeters, each having 8.5 digit resolution and having
a recording device, certified by the importer as having 3 ppm
direct current volts (DCV) accuracy (provided for in subheading
9030.32.00)...................................................................................

9902.17.35

1/

Impedance analyzers, having a frequency range of 20 Hz to
120 MHz and plus or minus 42 V peak maximum output, each
with 1 to 4 measurement channels, a recording device and a
color touch screen measuring over 25 cm but not over 28 cm
(provided for in subheading 9030.84.00)...................................

9902.17.36

1/

Electromagnetic interference (EMI) receivers, each having a
frequency band range from 3 Hz to 44 GHz, conforming to LXI
(Local area network eXtension for Instruments) standard, with
two radio frequency (RF) inputs and with a color display screen
with a display diagonal exceeding 20 cm but not exceeding 23
cm (provided for in subheading 9030.84.00).............................

9902.17.37

1/

Multifunction devices for calibrating electrical safety testers,
each incorporating signal generator and multimeter, with a
recording device (provided for in subheading 9030.84.00)......

9902.17.38

1/

Local area network (LAN) eXtensions for Instrumentation (LXI)
data acquisition/switch units, each having both a universal
serial bus (USB) and LAN terminal using the LXI standard,
having a 3-slot mainframe in rear for plug-in modules, capable
of measuring 11 different input signals and having a built-in
digital multimeter (DMM) with 6-1/2 digits (22 bits) of resolution
(provided for in subheading 9030.89.01)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 162

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.17.39

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

3.1%

No change

No change

5.3%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

3.0%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Signal generators, certified by the importer to be used for
calibrating oscilloscopes, the foregoing each with five channels
and no recording device (provided for in subheading
9030.89.01)...................................................................................

9902.17.40

1/

Signal generators, certified by the importer to be used for
calibrating radio frequency measurement equipment, each
presented without a recording device (provided for in
subheading 9030.89.01) .............................................................

9902.17.41

1/

Output-only signal generators, each with configurable phases
and harmonics designed for calibrating power and energy
equipment, the foregoing without a recording device (provided
for in subheading 9030.89.01)....................................................

9902.17.42

1/

Battery-operated chiming melody clock movements, complete
and assembled, valued over $5 each, suitable for use in the
production of grandfather clocks, wall clocks and mantel clocks
(provided for in subheading 9109.10.80)...................................

9902.17.43

1/

Mechanical clock movements, presented complete and
assembled, valued over $5 each, suitable for use in the
production of grandfather clocks, wall clocks or mantel clocks
(provided for in subheading 9109.90.60)...................................

9902.17.44

1/

Chime melody rod assemblies and parts thereof, the foregoing
suitable for use in the production of grandfather clocks, wall
clocks and mantel clocks (provided for in subheading
9114.90.50)...................................................................................

9902.17.45

1/

Pillows, cushions and similar furnishings of cotton, each
measuring over 4,000 cm² (provided for in subheading
9404.90.10)...................................................................................

9902.17.46

1/

Pillows, cushions and similar furnishings, the foregoing of
materials other than cotton, each measuring over 4,000 cm²
(provided for in subheading 9404.90.20)...................................

9902.17.47

1/

Electric light emitting diode (LED) lighting fittings, of base metal
other than of brass, whether ceiling (hanging) or wall mounted,
each with LED light source concealed above a quartz cylinder
and designed to create a total internal reflection (provided for
in subheading 9405.10.60) .........................................................

9902.17.48

1/

Electric table or desk light-emitting diode (LED) task lamps,
of base metal other than of brass, each with interchangeable
mounting options including bases, clamps or other mounts
(provided for in subheading 9405.20.60)...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - II - 163

Effective
Period

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.17.49

1/

Electric table or desk light-emitting diode (LED) task lamps,
of base metal other than of brass, each with ball joints to allow
multiple positions of the lamp head relative to the base
(provided for in subheading 9405.20.60)...................................

9902.17.50

1/

Electric table or desk light-emitting diode (LED) task lamps,
of base metal other than of brass, each incorporating a reflector
designed to reflect light from the LED in the stem of the lamp
(provided for in subheading 9405.20.60)...................................

9902.17.51

1/

Light emitting diode (LED) motion-activated security lantern
kits, of a kind used for exterior lighting, such lanterns of base
metal and having antique bronze finish, each with frosted glass,
with an integrated photocell and motion sensor, and with a wall
mounting bracket (provided for in subheading 9405.40.60).....

9902.17.52

1/

9902.17.53

1/

9902.17.54

1/

Emergency lights, of base metal other than of brass, round or
elongated in shape, measuring between 6 and 12 cm in height,
each containing incandescent lamp, lamp holder, reflector,
clear glass lens with drain hole, pressure can and electrical
pigtail with connector; the foregoing configured to be mounted
to the exterior of an aircraft and designed for illuminating egress
paths on or around the aircraft during an emergency evacuation
(provided for in subheading 9405.40.60)...................................

Exterior lights, of base metal other than of brass, such lights
round in shape, with a height of 11.5 cm or more but not over
12 cm and a weight not over 1.3 kg, each containing a halogen
lamp, lamp holder, reflector, autotransformer and electrical
connector, the foregoing configured to be mounted to the
exterior of an aircraft and designed for illuminating the top
surface, leading edge and engine nacelle areas of the aircraft
wings for wing icing detection (provided for in subheading
9405.40.60)...................................................................................

Clear or frosted columnar globes or shades, certified by the
importer as of extruded borosilicate glass; the foregoing
measuring 2.54 cm or more but not over 30.48 cm in length
and 2.54 cm or more but not over 20.32 cm in diameter, each
with circular openings at the top and bottom, designed for use
on portable non-electrical lanterns for outdoor use (provided
for in subheading 9405.91.40) ...................................................

9902.17.55

1/

Ski bindings (other than for cross-country skis), valued not
over $55 each (provided for in subheading 9506.12.80) ........

9902.17.56

1/

Golf club driver heads, each stamped or otherwise permanently
marked to indicate a loft of 9.5 degrees (provided for in
subheading 9506.39.00)..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

3.8%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 164

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.17.57

1/

Golf club driver heads, each stamped or otherwise permanently
marked to indicate a loft over 9.5 degrees (provided for in
subheading 9506.39.00) .............................................................

9902.17.58

1/

Golf club driver heads, each stamped or otherwise permanently
marked to indicate a loft under 9.5 degrees (provided for in
subheading 9506.39.00)..............................................................

9902.17.59

1/

Golf club heads designed for clubs designated as 1-irons,
2-irons, 3-irons, 4-irons or 5-irons (provided for in subheading
9506.39.00)...................................................................................

9902.17.60

1/

Golf club hybrid heads, each stamped or otherwise
permanently marked as such (provided for in subheading
9506.39.00)...................................................................................

9902.17.61

1/

Golf club wedge heads, each stamped or permanently marked
to indicate a loft of 56 degrees or less (provided for in
subheading 9506.39.00)..............................................................

9902.17.62

1/

Golf club heads designed for clubs designated as 6-irons and
7-irons (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00)......................

9902.17.63

1/

Golf club heads designed for clubs designated as 8-irons and
9-irons (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00)......................

9902.17.64

1/

Golf club wedge heads, each stamped or otherwise
permanently marked to indicate a loft of greater than 56
degrees (provided for in subheading 9506.39.00)....................

9902.17.65

1/

Golf club putter heads (provided for in subheading
9506.39.00)...................................................................................

9902.17.70

1/

Tennis rackets, strung and packaged for retail sale (provided
for in subheading 9506.51.20)....................................................

9902.17.71

1/

Lawn-tennis rackets, unstrung (provided for in subheading
9506.51.40)...................................................................................

9902.17.72

1/

Racquetball rackets (provided for in subheading
9506.59.80)...................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

1.0%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

3.0%

No change

No change

2.6%

No change

No change

0.4%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

9902.17.73

1/

Squash rackets (provided for in subheading 9506.59.80).......

1/

Free

No change

No change

9902.17.74

1/

Inflatable volleyballs (provided for in subheading
9506.62.80)...................................................................................

1/

Free

No change

No change

9902.17.75

1/

Inflatable basketballs, each having an external surface other
than of leather or of rubber (provided for in subheading
9506.62.80)...................................................................................

1/

3.1%

No change

No change

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Free

No change

No change

2.5%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 165

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.9%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

0.9%

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

2.8%

No change

No change

0.8%

No change

No change

4.3%

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.17.76

1/

Article Description

Inflatable basketballs with outer surface of leather (provided
for in subheading 9506.62.80)....................................................

9902.17.77

1/

Inflatable basketballs, each with an outer surface of rubber
(provided for in subheading 9506.62.80)...................................

9902.17.78

1/

Noninflatable hollow racquetballs, not over 19 cm in diameter
(provided for in subheading 9506.69.40)...................................

9902.17.79

1/

9902.17.80

1/

9902.17.81

1/

Fitness equipment designed for circuit training, each unit
comprising a steel frame and standing platform incorporating
six handles attached to cables and pulleys with variable
resistance levels, with an electronic control panel capable of
the wireless exchange of data and having a multicolored
light-emitting diode (LED) grid (provided for in subheading
9506.91.00)...................................................................................

Fitness equipment designed for in-home use, each unit
incorporating two independent treadmill decks with separately
moving belts that rotate around a mechanical treadle and
simultaneously move up and down during use, designed to
allow progressive amounts of resistance and combine the
functions of a treadmill, a stair climber and an elliptical machine
(provided for in subheading 9506.91.00)...................................

Fitness equipment, with pivoting handles and foot pedals that
perform alternating movements which combine the motions of
a stepper and an elliptical machine, driving simultaneously a
radial fan and magnetic brake in the base, equipped with an
electronic control console incapable of the wireless exchange
of data, with non-backlit LCD display and presented with a
heart-rate monitor chest strap (provided for in subheading
9506.91.00)...................................................................................

9902.17.82

1/

Exercise and yoga mats of synthetic material (provided for in
subheading 9506.91.00)..............................................................

9902.17.83

1/

Fitness equipment, with pivoting handles and foot pedals that
perform alternating movements which combine the motions of
a stepper and an elliptical machine, driving simultaneously a
radial fan and magnetic brake in the base, equipped with an
electronic control console capable of the wireless exchange
of data, with backlit LCD display and heart rate monitor
(provided for in subheading 9506.91.00)...................................

9902.17.84

1/

Speed bags, free standing heavy bags, heavy bag stands of
steel, speed bags with inflatable balls and heavy bag shells
(provided for in subheading 9506.91.00)...................................

9902.17.85

1/

Upright, recumbent and semi-recumbent exercise cycles
(provided for in subheading 9506.91.00)...................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective
Period

XXII
99 - II - 166

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.17.86

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Adjustable-weight fitness dumbbells, each ranging from 2 kg
to not more than 30 kg, having the capability for wireless
exchange of data, incorporating a rotating single handle grip
that interlocks disks with weight plates supported by a fitted
plastic base, whether or not presented packaged with units
that are not capable of wireless exchange of data (provided
for in subheading 9506.91.00). ..................................................

9902.17.87

1/

Adjustable-weight fitness dumbbells without Bluetooth
capability, each ranging from 2 kg to not more than 30 kg,
certified by the importer as incorporating a rotating single
handle grip that interlocks disks with weight plates, supported
by a fitted plastic base (provided for in subheading 9506.91.00)
........................................................................................................

9902.17.88

1/

Fitness equipment, each unit with pivoting handles and foot
pedals with steel footbeds to allow the user to perform
alternating movements (whether or not also with stationary
handles), combining the motions of a stepper and an elliptical
machine, and driving simultaneously a radial fan and magnetic
brake in the base; with an electronic control console having a
backlit liquid crystal display/light-emitting diode (LCD/LED)
display and capable of the wireless exchange of data; having
an integrated heart rate monitor with optional chest strap
(provided for in subheading 9506.91.00) ..................................

9902.17.89

1/

Adjustable-weight fitness dumbbells, each allowing the user
to choose a weight from a range of either 2 kg or more but not
over 26 kg or 4 kg or more but not over 46 kg, certified by the
importer as incorporating rotating end dials that interlock disks
with weight plates supported by a fitted plastic base (provided
for in subheading 9506.91.00) ...................................................

9902.17.90

1/

Inflatable tetherballs, each with rope attachment (provided for
in subheading 9506.99.60)..........................................................

9902.17.91

1/

Athletic mouth guards of plastics (provided for in subheading
9506.99.60)...................................................................................

9902.17.92

1/

Boxing and mixed martial arts protective equipment, including
shin guards, pads and shields (provided for in subheading
9506.99.60)...................................................................................

9902.17.93

1/

Fishing rods of fiberglass and carbon fiber, one-piece,
presented without fishing reels, such rods valued $5 or more
but not over $50 each (provided for in subheading
9507.10.00)...................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9902.17.94

1/

Fishing rods, each presented with a fishing reel valued over
$2.70 but not more than $8.45 each and containing fishing
line, the foregoing put up for retail sale as a complete kit each
comprising one rod and one reel (whether or not containing
other accessories), with each kit having an aggregate value
of no more than $30 (provided for in 9507.30.40)....................

9902.17.95

1/

Hair-slides, set with imitation pearls or imitation gem stones
and not of hard rubber or plastics (provided for in subheading
9615.19.60)...................................................................................

9902.17.96

1/

Hair-slides, the foregoing not set with imitation pearls or
imitation gem stones, not of hard rubber or plastics (provided
for in subheading 9615.19.60)....................................................

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

9902.17.97

1/

Eyelash curlers (provided for in subheading 9615.90.20).......

1/

Free

No change

No change

XXII
99 - II - 167

Effective
Period

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

On or before
12/31/2020

9902.17.98

1/

Insulated coffee servers, each with exterior of stainless steel
and vacuum liner of glass and a hinged brew-through lid with
push-button dispensing; the foregoing with capacity over 2
liters (provided for in subheading 9617.00.40) .........................

9902.17.99

1/

Coffee servers, each with exterior of stainless steel, vacuum
glass liner, a hinged brew-through lid with top lever style pump
and swivel base; the foregoing with capacity over 2 liters
(provided for in subheading 9617.00.40)...................................

9902.18.01

1/

Vacuum coffee servers, each with lining of glass, a plastic
exterior, top carrying handle, see-through contents window
and a brew-through lid; the foregoing with a capacity over 2
liters (provided for in subheading 9617.00.40)..........................

9902.18.02

1/

Vacuum coffee servers, each with lining of stainless steel, a
plastic exterior, top carrying handle, see-through contents
window and a brew-through lid; the foregoing with a capacity
over 2 liters (provided for in subheading 9617.00.40)..............

9902.18.03

1/

Tripods of plastics designed for use with digital still image
video cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, the foregoing
measuring 12 cm or more but not over 20 cm in length
(provided for in subheading 9620.00.50)...................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

Free

No change

No change

On or before
12/31/2020

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

TEMPORARY MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO TRADE LEGISLATION

SUBCHAPTER III

XXII
99-III-1

U.S. Notes

This subchapter contains the temporary modifications of the provisions in the tariff schedule established pursuant to trade
legislation. Unless otherwise stated, the modified provisions are effective until suspended or terminated. Unless the context
requires otherwise, any article described in the provisions of this subchapter, for which rates of duty are herein provided, if
entered during the period specified, is subject to duty at the rate set forth herein in lieu of the rate provided therefor in chapters
1 to 98.

1.

2.

(a)

For the purposes of heading 9903.01.01, products of Mexico, other than products described in headings 9903.01.02,
9903.01.03, 9903.01.04, 9903.01.05, 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 or 9903.76.03 and other than products for personal use
included in accompanied baggage of persons arriving in the United States, shall be subject to an additional 25% ad valorem
rate of duty. Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of Mexico that are subject to the additional ad
valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.01 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on products
of Mexico entered under subheadings in chapters 1 to 97 of the tariff schedule.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.01 apply to products of Mexico including both goods of Mexico under the
rules set forth in part 102, title 19 of the Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable, as well as goods for which Mexico was
the last country of substantial transformation prior to importation into the United States.

Products of Mexico that are eligible for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, or that are
eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional ad
valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.01.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.01 shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection
("CBP"), and whenever CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered under heading
9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed (in Mexico), as described
in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article assembled abroad
(in Mexico), less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described.

Products of Mexico that are provided for in heading 9903.01.01 shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing,
or other duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional ad valorem rate
of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.01.

Products of Mexico that are provided for in heading 9903.01.01 and that are otherwise eligible for the administrative exemption
from duty and certain taxes at 19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C) - known as "de minimis" exemption - may continue to qualify for the
exemption, but the de minimis exemption shall cease to be available for such articles upon notification by the Secretary of
Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to the President that adequate systems are in place to fully
and expediently process and collect tariff revenue applicable for covered articles otherwise eligible for the de minimis
exemption.

(b)

Heading 9903.01.02 covers only products of Mexico, that are donations, by persons subject to the jurisdiction of the United
States, of articles, such as food, clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve human suffering, except to the
extent that the President determines that such donations (A) would seriously impair his ability to deal with any national
emergency declared under section 1701 of title 19 of the U.S. Code, (B) are in response to coercion against the proposed
recipient or donor, or (C) would endanger Armed Forces of the United States which are engaged in hostilities or are in a
situation where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 2
U.S. Notes (con.)

(c)

For the purposes of heading 9903.01.05, products of Mexico other than products described in headings 9903.01.01,
9903.01.02, 9903.01.03, and 9903.01.04, and other than products for personal use included in accompanied baggage of
persons arriving in the United States, shall be subject to an additional 10% ad valorem rate of duty. Notwithstanding U.S.
note 1 to this subchapter, all products of Mexico that are subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by
heading 9903.01.05 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on products of Mexico entered under
subheadings in chapters 1 to 97 of the tariff schedule.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.05 apply to products of Mexico including both goods of Mexico under the
rules set forth in part 102, title 19 of the Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable, as well as goods for which Mexico was
the last country of substantial transformation prior to importation into the United States.

Products of Mexico that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be
subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.05.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.05 shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”), and whenever CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered under heading
9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed (in Mexico), as described
in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article assembled abroad
(in Mexico), less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described.

Products of Mexico that are provided for in headings 9903.01.04 and 9903.01.05 shall continue to be subject to antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products.

Products of Mexico that are provided for in headings 9903.01.04 and 9903.01.05 that are otherwise eligible for the administrative
exemption from duty and certain taxes at 19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C) — known as the “de minimis” exemption – may continue
to qualify for the exemption, but the de minimis exemption shall cease to be available for such articles upon notification by
the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to the President that adequate systems are
in place to fully and expediently process and collect tariff revenue applicable for covered articles otherwise eligible for the de
minimis exemption.

(j)

For the purposes of heading 9903.01.10, products of Canada, other than products described in headings 9903.01.11,
9903.01.12, 9903.01.13, 9903.01.14, 9903.01.15, 9903.01.16, 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03 and other than
products for personal use included in accompanied baggage of persons arriving in the United States, shall be subject to
an additional 35% ad valorem rate of duty. For the purposes of heading 9903.01.13, the covered products of Canada shall
be subject to an additional 10% ad valorem rate of duty. Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of
Canada that are subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by headings 9903.01.10 and 9903.01.13 shall
also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on products of Canada entered under subheadings in chapters 1 to
97 of the tariff schedule.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.10 and 9903.01.13 that apply to products of Canada include both goods
of Canada under the rules set forth in part 102, title 19 of the Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable, as well as goods
for which Canada was the last country of substantial transformation prior to importation into the United States.

Products of Canada that are eligible for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, or that are
eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject tothe additional ad
valorem rate of duty imposed by headings 9903.01.10 and 9903.01.13.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.10 and 9903.01.13 shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly
claimed under a provision of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border
Protection ("CBP"), and whenever CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered
under heading 9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40,
9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed (in
Canada), as described in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the
article assembled abroad (in Canada), less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described.

Products of Canada that are provided for in headings 9903.01.10 or 9903.01.13 shall continue to be subject to antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional
ad valorem rate of duty imposed by headings 9903.01.10 and 9903.01.13.

Products of Canada that are provided for in headings 9903.01.10 and 9903.01.13 and that are otherwise eligible for the
administrative exemption from duty and certain taxes at 19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C) - known as "de minimis" exemption - may
continue to qualify for the exemption, but the de minimis exemption shall cease to be available for such articles upon notification
by the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to the President that adequate systems

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 3

U.S. Notes (con.)

are in place to fully and expediently process and collect tariff revenue applicable for covered articles otherwise eligible for
de minimis exemption.

(k)

(l)

Heading 9903.01.11 covers only products of Canada, that are donations, by persons subject to the jurisdiction of the
United States, of articles, such as food, clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve human suffering, except to
the extent that the President determines that such donations (A) would seriously impair his ability to deal with any national
emergency declared under section 1701 of title 19 of the U.S. Code, (B) are in response to coercion against the proposed
recipient or donor, or (C) would endanger Armed Forces of the United States which are engaged in hostilities or are in a
situation where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances.

For the purposes of heading 9903.01.15, products of Canada, other than products described in headings 9903.01.11,
9903.01.12, and 9903.01.14, and other than products for personal use included in accompanied baggage of persons
arriving in the United States, shall be subject to an additional 10% ad valorem rate of duty. Notwithstanding U.S. note 1
to this subchapter, all products of Canada that are subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading
9903.01.15 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on products of Canada entered under subheadings
in chapters 1 to 97 of the tariff schedule.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.15 apply to products of Canada including both goods of Canada under
the rules set forth in part 102, title 19 of the Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable, as well as goods for which Canada
was the last country of substantial transformation prior to importation into the United States.

Products of Canada that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be
subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.15.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.15 shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”), and whenever CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered under heading
9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed (in Canada), as described
in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article assembled abroad
(in Canada), less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described.

Products of Canada that are provided for in headings 9903.01.14 and 9903.01.15 shall continue to be subject to antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products.

Products of Canada that are provided for in headings 9903.01.14 and 9903.01.15 that are otherwise eligible for the
administrative exemption from duty and certain taxes at 19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C) — known as the “de minimis” exemption –
may continue to qualify for the exemption, but the de minimis exemption shall cease to be available for such articles upon
notification by the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to the President that adequate
systems are in place to fully and expediently process and collect tariff revenue applicable for covered articles otherwise
eligible for the de minimis exemption.

(m)

For the purposes of heading 9903.01.16, products of Canada that do not qualify as originating under the United
States-Canada-Mexico Free Trade Agreement (USMCA) and are determined by U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) to have been transshipped to evade applicable duties provided for by headings 9903.01.10, 9903.01.13, or
9903.01.15 shall be subject to an additional 40% ad valorem rate of duty in lieu of the additional rate of duty provided for
in headings 9903.01.10, 9903.01.13, or 9903.01.15. Heading 9903.01.16 does not apply to products described in headings
9903.01.11, 9903.01.12, 9903.01.14, 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03, or products for personal use included in
accompanied baggage of persons arriving in the United States. Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products
of Canada that are subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.16 shall also be subject
to the general rates of duty imposed on products of Canada entered under subheadings in chapters 1 to 97 of the tariff
schedule.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.16 apply to products of Canada including both goods of Canada under
the rules set forth in part 102, title 19 of the Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable, as well as goods for which Canada
was the last country of substantial transformation prior to importation into the United States.

Products of Canada that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be
subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.16.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.16 shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of CBP, and whenever CBP agrees that entry
under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered under heading 9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40,
9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the
value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed (in Canada), as described in the applicable subheading. For heading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 4
U.S. Notes (con.)

9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article assembled abroad (in Canada), less the cost or value of
such products of the United States, as described.

Products of Canada that are provided for in heading 9903.01.16 shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing,
or other duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products.

Products of Canada that are provided for in heading 9903.01.16 that are otherwise eligible for the administrative exemption
from duty and certain taxes at 19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C) — known as the “de minimis” exemption – may continue to qualify
for the exemption, but the de minimis exemption shall cease to be available for such articles upon notification by the Secretary
of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to the President that adequate systems are in place to fully
and expediently process and collect tariff revenue applicable for covered articles otherwise eligible for the de minimis
exemption.

(s)

For the purposes of heading 9903.01.20, products of China and Hong Kong, which have been entered for consumption,
or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 am eastern standard time February 4, 2025, and prior
to 12:01 a.m. eastern standard time on March 4, 2025, other than products described in heading 9903.01.21, heading
9903.01.22, heading 9903.01.23, and other than products for personal use included in accompanied baggage of persons
arriving in the United States, shall be subject to an additional 10% ad valorem rate of duty. Notwithstanding U.S. note 1
to this subchapter, all products of China and Hong Kong that are subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed
by heading 9903.01.20 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on products of China and Hong Kong
entered under subheadings in chapters 1 to 97 of the tariff schedule. Products of China and Hong Kong that are eligible
for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99 shall be subject to the additional ad valorem
rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.20.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.20 shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”), and whenever CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered under heading
9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed (in China and Hong Kong),
as described in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article
assembled abroad (in China and Hong Kong), less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described.

Products of China and Hong Kong that are provided for in heading 9903.01.20 shall continue to be subject to antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional
ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.20.

Products of China and Hong Kong that are provided for in heading 9903.01.20 and that are otherwise eligible for the
administrative exemption from duty and certain taxes at 19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C) — known as “de minimis” exemption – may
continue to qualify for the exemption, but the de minimis exemption shall cease to be available for such articles upon notification
by the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to the President that adequate systems
are in place to fully and expediently process and collect tariff revenue applicable for covered articles otherwise eligible for
the de minimis exemption.

(t)

(u)

Heading 9903.01.21 covers only products of China and Hong Kong, that are donations, by persons subject to the jurisdiction
of the United States, of articles, such as food, clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve human suffering,
except to the extent that the President determines that such donations (A) would seriously impair his ability to deal with
any national emergency declared under section 1701 of title 19 of the U.S. Code, (B) are in response to coercion against
the proposed recipient or donor, or (C) would endanger Armed Forces of the United States which are engaged in hostilities
or are in a situation where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances.

For the purposes of heading 9903.01.24, products of China and Hong Kong entered for consumption, or withdrawn from
warehouse for consumption on or after 12:01 a.m., eastern standard time on November 10, 2025, other than products
described in heading 9903.01.21, heading 9903.01.22, heading 9903.01.23, and other than products for personal use
included in accompanied baggage of persons arriving in the United States, shall be subject to an additional 10% ad valorem
rate of duty. Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of China and Hong Kong that are subject to the
additional ad valorem [Compiler's Note: entered as written in notice] rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.24 shall
also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on products of China and Hong Kong entered under subheadings in
chapters 1 to 97 of the tariff schedule. Products of China and Hong Kong that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions
or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99 shall be subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by
heading 9903.01.24.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.24 shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection
("CBP"), and whenever CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered under heading
9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 5

U.S. Notes (con.)

9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed (in China and Hong Kong),
as described in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article
assembled abroad (in China and Hong Kong), less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described.
Products of China and Hong Kong that are provided for in heading 9903.01.24 shall continue to be subject to antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional
ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.01.24.

Products of China and Hong Kong are not eligible for the administrative exemption from duty and certain taxes at 19 U.S.C.
1321(a)(2)(C)-known as ‘‘de minimis’’ exemption.

(v)

(i)

Except as provided in headings 9903.01.26-9903.01.33, in heading 9903.01.34, in headings 9903.96.01 and 9903.96.02,
and in headings 9903.02.74–9903.02.78, 9903.02.81, 9903.02.84–9903.02.86, and 9903.02.89–9903.02.91 and in
subdivisions (v)(ii) through (v)(xxv) of this note, and other than products for personal use included in accompanied
baggage of persons arriving in the United States, headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63,
9903.02.01–9903.02.73, 9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 impose
additional ad valorem rates of duty on imports of all products. Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all
products that are subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by these headings shall also be subject
to the general rates of duty imposed under subheadings in chapters 1 to 97 of the tariff schedule. Except as provided
in subdivisions (v)(ii) through (v)(xxv) of this note, all products that are subject to the additional ad valorem rates of
duty imposed by these headings shall also be subject to any additional duty provided for in this subchapter or subchapter
IV of chapter 99. Products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule,
or that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to
the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by these headings except as provided in 9903.96.01 and 9903.96.02
with respect to the Agreement on Trade and Civil Aircraft.

The additional duties imposed by these headings shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”), and whenever CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered under
heading 9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50,
and 9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed, as described in
the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article assembled
abroad, less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described.

Products that are provided for in headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall continue to be subject to antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional
ad valorem rate of duty imposed by these headings.

Heading 9903.01.30 covers only products that are donations, by persons subject to the jurisdiction of the United
States, of articles, such as food, clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve human suffering, except to the
extent that the President determines that such donations (A) would seriously impair his ability to deal with any national
emergency declared under section 1701 of title 19 of the U.S. Code, (B) are in response to coercion against the
proposed recipient or donor, or (C) would endanger Armed Forces of the United States which are engaged in hostilities
or are in a situation where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances.

(ii)

(iii)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 6
U.S. Notes (con.)

(a)

As provided for in heading 9903.01.32, the additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35,
9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73, 9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and
9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to products classified in the following subheadings of the HTSUS:
[Compiler's note: List may appear or continue on a subsequent page.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 7

U.S. Notes (con.)

0201.10.05
0201.20.02
0201.20.10
0201.20.80
0201.30.06
0201.30.50
0202.10.10
0202.20.04
0202.20.30
0202.30.02
0202.30.10
0202.30.80
0206.22.00
0508.00.00
0702.00.60
0710.80.15
0712.34.10
0713.34.40
0714.40.10
0714.40.60
0714.50.60
0714.90.46
0801.11.00
0801.21.00
0801.32.00
0802.61.00
0802.70.20
0802.91.10
0802.92.90
0803.90.00
0804.30.60
0804.50.60
0805.50.30
0808.40.20
0810.60.00
0811.90.10
0811.90.40
0812.90.40
0901.21.00
0901.90.20
0902.20.10
0902.40.00
0904.12.00
0904.21.60
0904.22.40
0904.22.80
0906.11.00
0907.10.00
0908.12.00
0908.22.40
0909.21.00
0909.32.00
0910.11.00
0910.30.00
0910.99.10
0910.99.50
1008.30.00
1106.20.90
1108.19.00
1513.11.00
1521.90.20
1602.50.08
1602.50.90
1803.10.00
1805.00.00
2001.90.45

0201.10.10
0201.20.04
0201.20.30
0201.30.02
0201.30.10
0201.30.80
0202.10.50
0202.20.06
0202.20.50
0202.30.04
0202.30.30
0206.10.00
0206.29.00
0702.00.20
0709.99.05
0711.90.30
0712.34.20
0714.10.10
0714.40.20
0714.50.10
0714.90.42
0714.90.48
0801.12.00
0801.22.00
0802.41.00
0802.62.00
0802.80.10
0802.91.90
0803.10.10
0804.30.20
0804.40.00
0804.50.80
0805.50.40
0808.40.40
0810.90.27
0811.90.25
0811.90.50
0901.11.00
0901.22.00
0902.10.10
0902.20.90
0903.00.00
0904.21.20
0904.21.80
0904.22.73
0905.10.00
0906.19.00
0907.20.00
0908.21.00
0908.31.00
0909.22.00
0909.61.00
0910.12.00
0910.91.00
0910.99.20
0910.99.60
1008.40.00
1106.30.20
1203.00.00
1513.19.00
1602.50.05
1602.50.21
1801.00.00
1803.20.00
1903.00.20
2005.91.60

0201.10.50
0201.20.06
0201.20.50
0201.30.04
0201.30.30
0202.10.05
0202.20.02
0202.20.10
0202.20.80
0202.30.06
0202.30.50
0206.21.00
0210.20.00
0702.00.40
0709.99.10
0712.32.00
0713.34.20
0714.10.20
0714.40.50
0714.50.20
0714.90.44
0714.90.61
0801.19.01
0801.31.00
0802.42.00
0802.70.10
0802.80.20
0802.92.10
0803.10.20
0804.30.40
0804.50.40
0805.10.00
0807.20.00
0810.50.00
0810.90.46
0811.90.30
0811.90.52
0901.12.00
0901.90.10
0902.10.90
0902.30.00
0904.11.00
0904.21.40
0904.22.20
0904.22.76
0905.20.00
0906.20.00
0908.11.00
0908.22.20
0908.32.00
0909.31.00
0909.62.00
0910.20.00
0910.99.07
0910.99.40
1003.90.40
1008.60.00
1108.14.00
1207.91.00
1521.10.00
1602.50.07
1602.50.60
1802.00.00
1804.00.00
1903.00.40
2006.00.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 8
U.S. Notes (con.)

2007.99.40
2008.20.00
2008.99.15
2008.99.91
2009.12.45
2009.49.40
2101.20.20
2202.99.35
2504.90.00
2511.10.10
2519.90.10
2529.21.00
2530.20.20
2530.90.80
2604.00.00
2608.00.00
2611.00.30
2612.20.00
2614.00.60
2616.10.00
2620.99.50
2701.19.00
2702.20.00
2705.00.00
2707.20.00
2707.50.00
2707.99.20
2707.99.55
2708.10.00
2709.00.20
2710.12.25
2710.19.06
2710.19.24
2710.19.30
2710.19.45
2710.20.10
2710.91.00
2710.99.16
2710.99.32
2710.99.90
2711.13.00
2711.21.00
2712.20.00
2713.11.00
2713.90.00
2715.00.00
2804.29.00
2804.80.00
2805.19.20
2811.11.00
2811.29.20
2815.20.00
2816.40.20
2818.10.20
2821.10.00
2823.00.00
2825.50.30
2825.90.15
2826.12.00
2827.31.00
2827.39.90
2827.59.51
2833.21.00
2833.27.00
2833.29.51
2834.29.51

2007.99.50
2008.91.00
2008.99.40
2009.11.00
2009.19.00
2101.11.29
2106.90.48
2504.10.10
2510.10.00
2511.10.50
2519.90.20
2529.22.00
2530.90.10
2602.00.00
2605.00.00
2609.00.00
2611.00.60
2613.90.00
2615.90.30
2617.10.00
2701.11.00
2701.20.00
2703.00.00
2706.00.00
2707.30.00
2707.91.00
2707.99.40
2707.99.59
2708.20.00
2710.12.15
2710.12.45
2710.19.11
2710.19.25
2710.19.35
2710.19.90
2710.20.15
2710.99.05
2710.99.21
2710.99.39
2711.11.00
2711.14.00
2711.29.00
2712.90.10
2713.12.00
2714.10.00
2716.00.00
2804.50.00
2804.90.00
2805.19.90
2811.19.10
2812.19.00
2816.10.00
2817.00.00
2818.20.00
2821.20.00
2825.20.00
2825.60.00
2825.90.30
2826.30.00
2827.39.45
2827.41.00
2827.60.10
2833.24.00
2833.29.10
2834.21.00
2836.60.00

2008.19.15
2008.99.13
2008.99.45
2009.12.25
2009.39.20
2101.12.90
2202.99.30
2504.10.50
2510.20.00
2519.10.00
2524.90.00
2530.20.10
2530.90.20
2603.00.00
2606.00.00
2610.00.00
2612.10.00
2614.00.30
2615.90.60
2620.30.00
2701.12.00
2702.10.00
2704.00.00
2707.10.00
2707.40.00
2707.99.10
2707.99.51
2707.99.90
2709.00.10
2710.12.18
2710.12.90
2710.19.16
2710.19.26
2710.19.40
2710.20.05
2710.20.25
2710.99.10
2710.99.31
2710.99.45
2711.12.00
2711.19.00
2712.10.00
2712.90.20
2713.20.00
2714.90.00
2801.20.00
2804.61.00
2805.19.10
2805.30.00
2811.29.10
2813.90.10
2816.40.10
2818.10.10
2820.10.00
2822.00.00
2825.40.00
2825.80.00
2825.90.90
2826.90.90
2827.39.60
2827.49.50
2827.60.51
2833.25.00
2833.29.45
2834.29.20
2836.91.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 9

U.S. Notes (con.)

2836.92.00
2841.80.00
2843.29.01
2844.10.10
2844.30.20
2845.90.01
2846.90.40
2849.20.20
2853.90.90
2903.59.90
2903.79.90
2903.89.70
2905.29.90
2905.59.90
2907.29.90
2909.20.00
2909.49.15
2909.50.40
2912.19.50
2914.40.90
2914.62.00
2914.79.40
2915.39.35
2915.90.10
2915.90.20
2916.19.50
2916.39.46
2917.19.10
2917.39.30
2918.16.50
2918.22.10
2918.23.50
2918.29.75
2918.30.90
2918.99.47
2919.90.50
2921.19.61
2921.30.50
2921.49.38
2921.49.50
2922.14.00
2922.19.33
2922.19.90
2922.29.61
2922.39.25
2922.41.00
2922.49.10
2922.49.37
2922.50.07
2922.50.13
2922.50.25
2922.50.50
2923.90.01
2924.19.80
2924.29.01
2924.29.23
2924.29.33
2924.29.71
2924.29.95
2925.19.91
2925.29.60
2926.40.00
2926.90.48
2927.00.50
2928.00.50
2930.20.20

2836.99.10
2841.90.20
2843.30.00
2844.10.20
2844.30.50
2846.10.00
2846.90.80
2849.90.30
2903.45.10
2903.69.90
2903.89.15
2903.92.00
2905.39.90
2906.19.50
2908.19.60
2909.30.60
2909.49.20
2909.50.45
2912.49.26
2914.50.30
2914.69.21
2915.29.30
2915.39.47
2915.90.14
2915.90.50
2916.20.50
2916.39.79
2917.19.70
2918.11.51
2918.19.60
2918.22.50
2918.29.20
2918.30.25
2918.99.30
2918.99.50
2920.90.51
2921.29.00
2921.42.90
2921.49.43
2921.59.80
2922.19.09
2922.19.60
2922.19.96
2922.29.81
2922.39.45
2922.42.50
2922.49.26
2922.49.49
2922.50.10
2922.50.14
2922.50.35
2923.10.00
2924.11.00
2924.21.16
2924.29.03
2924.29.26
2924.29.57
2924.29.77
2925.12.00
2925.21.00
2925.29.90
2926.90.14
2926.90.50
2928.00.25
2929.90.20
2930.20.90

2836.99.50
2841.90.40
2843.90.00
2844.20.00
2844.43.00
2846.90.20
2849.20.10
2853.90.10
2903.51.10
2903.78.00
2903.89.20
2904.99.40
2905.59.10
2906.29.60
2909.19.18
2909.49.10
2909.49.60
2909.50.50
2914.19.00
2914.50.50
2914.69.90
2915.39.31
2915.39.90
2915.90.18
2916.19.30
2916.31.50
2917.13.00
2917.34.01
2918.13.50
2918.19.90
2918.23.30
2918.29.65
2918.30.30
2918.99.43
2919.90.30
2921.19.11
2921.30.10
2921.46.00
2921.49.45
2922.11.00
2922.19.20
2922.19.70
2922.29.27
2922.31.00
2922.39.50
2922.44.00
2922.49.30
2922.49.80
2922.50.11
2922.50.17
2922.50.40
2923.20.20
2924.19.11
2924.21.50
2924.29.10
2924.29.28
2924.29.62
2924.29.80
2925.19.42
2925.29.20
2926.30.10
2926.90.43
2927.00.40
2928.00.30
2929.90.50
2930.30.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 10
U.S. Notes (con.)

2930.90.29
2931.49.00
2931.90.90
2932.20.20
2932.99.61
2933.11.00
2933.19.90
2933.29.20
2933.29.45
2933.33.01
2933.37.00
2933.39.20
2933.39.25
2933.39.41
2933.41.00
2933.49.15
2933.49.26
2933.49.70
2933.53.00
2933.59.15
2933.59.22
2933.59.53
2933.59.80
2933.69.60
2933.79.15
2933.99.01
2933.99.06
2933.99.12
2933.99.22
2933.99.42
2933.99.53
2933.99.61
2933.99.75
2933.99.85
2933.99.97
2934.10.90
2934.30.23
2934.30.50
2934.99.01
2934.99.06
2934.99.09
2934.99.15
2934.99.20
2934.99.44
2934.99.90
2935.90.10
2935.90.20
2935.90.33
2935.90.60
2936.21.00
2936.24.01
2936.27.00
2936.29.16
2936.90.01
2937.19.00
2937.23.10
2937.29.10
2937.90.05
2937.90.40
2938.10.00
2939.19.10
2939.20.00
2939.42.00
2939.49.03
2939.63.00
2939.79.00

2930.90.49
2931.53.00
2932.14.00
2932.20.30
2932.99.70
2933.19.35
2933.21.00
2933.29.35
2933.29.60
2933.34.00
2933.39.08
2933.39.21
2933.39.27
2933.39.61
2933.49.08
2933.49.17
2933.49.30
2933.52.10
2933.54.00
2933.59.18
2933.59.36
2933.59.59
2933.59.85
2933.72.00
2933.79.85
2933.99.02
2933.99.08
2933.99.16
2933.99.24
2933.99.46
2933.99.55
2933.99.65
2933.99.79
2933.99.89
2934.10.10
2934.20.40
2934.30.27
2934.91.00
2934.99.03
2934.99.07
2934.99.11
2934.99.16
2934.99.30
2934.99.47
2935.50.00
2935.90.13
2935.90.30
2935.90.42
2935.90.75
2936.22.00
2936.25.00
2936.28.00
2936.29.20
2937.11.00
2937.21.00
2937.23.25
2937.29.90
2937.90.10
2937.90.45
2938.90.00
2939.19.20
2939.30.00
2939.44.00
2939.59.00
2939.69.00
2939.80.00

2930.90.92
2931.90.22
2932.19.51
2932.20.50
2932.99.90
2933.19.45
2933.29.05
2933.29.43
2933.29.90
2933.35.00
2933.39.10
2933.39.23
2933.39.31
2933.39.92
2933.49.10
2933.49.20
2933.49.60
2933.52.90
2933.59.10
2933.59.21
2933.59.46
2933.59.70
2933.59.95
2933.79.08
2933.91.00
2933.99.05
2933.99.11
2933.99.17
2933.99.26
2933.99.51
2933.99.58
2933.99.70
2933.99.82
2933.99.90
2934.10.20
2934.20.80
2934.30.43
2934.92.00
2934.99.05
2934.99.08
2934.99.12
2934.99.18
2934.99.39
2934.99.70
2935.90.06
2935.90.15
2935.90.32
2935.90.48
2935.90.95
2936.23.00
2936.26.00
2936.29.10
2936.29.50
2937.12.00
2937.22.00
2937.23.50
2937.50.00
2937.90.20
2937.90.90
2939.11.00
2939.19.50
2939.41.00
2939.45.00
2939.62.00
2939.72.00
2940.00.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 11

U.S. Notes (con.)

2941.10.10
2941.10.50
2941.30.00
2941.90.10
2942.00.05
3001.20.00
3002.13.00
3002.41.00
3002.51.00
3002.90.52
3003.39.10
3003.42.00
3004.10.10
3004.31.00
3004.41.00
3004.50.10
3004.50.40
3004.90.10
3006.30.50
3006.93.10
3006.93.60
3102.10.00
3102.30.00
3102.60.00
3103.11.00
3104.20.00
3105.10.00
3105.40.00
3105.60.00
3204.13.80
3206.11.00
3402.42.20
3808.94.10
3824.91.00
3824.99.55
3904.61.00
3906.90.50
3907.70.00
3911.90.91
3912.90.00
3914.00.60
4001.22.00
4403.42.00
4407.22.00
4407.26.00
4407.29.02
4703.11.00
4820.20.00
4901.99.00
4902.90.20
4905.20.00
4906.00.00
4911.99.80
7108.12.10
7108.13.55
7110.11.00
7110.29.00
7110.41.00
7115.90.05
7202.11.10
7202.19.50
7202.49.10
7202.60.00
7202.93.40
7401.00.00
7403.12.00

2941.10.20
2941.20.10
2941.40.00
2941.90.30
2942.00.35
3001.90.01
3002.14.00
3002.42.00
3002.59.00
3003.10.00
3003.39.50
3003.49.00
3004.10.50
3004.32.00
3004.42.00
3004.50.20
3004.50.50
3004.90.92
3006.60.00
3006.93.20
3006.93.80
3102.21.00
3102.40.00
3102.80.00
3103.19.00
3104.30.00
3105.20.00
3105.51.00
3105.90.00
3204.17.20
3206.19.00
3402.42.90
3808.94.50
3824.99.29
3901.90.90
3905.91.10
3907.10.00
3908.10.00
3912.31.00
3913.90.20
4001.10.00
4001.29.00
4403.49.02
4407.23.01
4407.27.00
4408.31.01
4703.21.00
4901.10.00
4902.10.00
4903.00.00
4905.90.20
4911.10.00
7106.91.10
7108.12.50
7108.13.70
7110.19.00
7110.31.00
7110.49.00
7115.90.30
7202.11.50
7202.30.00
7202.49.50
7202.80.00
7202.93.80
7402.00.00
7403.13.00

2941.10.30
2941.20.50
2941.50.00
2941.90.50
2942.00.50
3002.12.00
3002.15.00
3002.49.00
3002.90.10
3003.20.00
3003.41.00
3003.90.01
3004.20.00
3004.39.00
3004.49.00
3004.50.30
3004.60.00
3006.30.10
3006.70.00
3006.93.50
3101.00.00
3102.29.00
3102.50.00
3102.90.01
3103.90.01
3104.90.01
3105.30.00
3105.59.00
3203.00.80
3204.18.00
3402.42.10
3606.90.30
3818.00.00
3824.99.49
3902.90.00
3905.99.80
3907.21.00
3911.90.25
3912.39.00
3913.90.50
4001.21.00
4001.30.00
4407.21.00
4407.25.00
4407.28.00
4408.39.02
4703.29.00
4901.91.00
4902.90.10
4904.00.00
4905.90.60
4911.99.60
7108.11.00
7108.13.10
7108.20.00
7110.21.00
7110.39.00
7112.92.01
7118.90.00
7202.19.10
7202.41.00
7202.50.00
7202.91.00
7204.21.00
7403.11.00
7403.19.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 12
U.S. Notes (con.)

7403.21.00
7404.00.30
7405.00.60
7502.20.00
7508.90.50
7901.12.50
7903.90.30
8001.20.00
8101.10.00
8103.30.00
8104.11.00
8104.30.00
8105.20.60
8105.90.00
8108.20.00
8108.90.60
8110.90.00
8112.21.00
8112.41.10
8112.59.00
8112.92.40
8112.99.10
8473.30
8517.13.00
8524
8541.21.00
8541.41.00
8541.49.80
8541.59.00
8542.31.00
8542.39.00

7403.22.00
7404.00.60
7501.10.00
7503.00.00
7901.11.00
7901.20.00
7907.00.60
8002.00.00
8101.97.00
8103.91.00
8104.19.00
8104.90.00
8105.20.90
8106.10.00
8108.30.00
8110.10.00
8111.00.47
8112.22.00
8112.41.50
8112.92.10
8112.92.60
8112.99.91
8486
8517.62.00
8528.52.00
8541.29.00
8541.49.10
8541.49.95
8541.90.00
8542.32.00
8542.90.00

7403.29.01
7405.00.10
7502.10.00
7504.00.00
7901.12.10
7902.00.00
8001.10.00
8007.00.50
8103.20.00
8103.99.00
8104.20.00
8105.20.30
8105.30.00
8106.90.00
8108.90.30
8110.20.00
8111.00.49
8112.29.00
8112.49.00
8112.92.30
8112.92.65
8471
8505.11.0070
8523.51.00
8541.10.00
8541.30.00
8541.49.70
8541.51.00
8542
8542.33.00

(b)

As provided in heading 9903.02.78, the additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39
and 9903.02.02–9903.02.73 shall not apply to the following particular articles the product of any country:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Etrogs (classifiable in subheading 0805.90.01)

Tropical fruit, nesoi, frozen, whether or not previously steamed or boiled (classifiable in subheading 0811.90.80)

Date palm branches, Myrtus branches or other vegetable material, for religious purposes only (classifiable
in subheading 1404.90.90)

Bread, pastry, cakes, biscuits and similar baked products, nesoi, and puddings, whether or not containing
chocolate, fruit, nuts or confectionery, for religious purposes only (classifiable in subheading 1905.90.10)

Bakers’ wares, communion wafers, sealing wafers, rice paper and similar products, nesoi, for religious purposes
only (classifiable in subheading 1905.90.90)

Acai (classifiable in subheading 2008.99.21)

Citrus juice of any single citrus fruit (other than orange, grapefruit or lime), of a Brix value not exceeding 20,
concentrated, unfermented, except for lemon juice (classifiable in subheading 2009.31.60)

Coconut water or juice of acai (classifiable in subheading 2009.89.70)

Coconut water juice blends, not from concentrate, packaged for retail sale (classifiable in subheading
2009.90.40)

(10)

Acai preparations for the manufacture of beverages (classifiable in subheading 2106.90.99)

(11)

Essential oils other than those of citrus fruit, nesoi, for religious purposes only (classifiable in subheading
3301.29.51)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 13

U.S. Notes (con.)

(iv)

(v)

(vi)

(vii)

(viii)

(ix)

(x)

(xi)

(xii)

(xiii)

(xiv)

(xv)

As provided in 9903.01.26, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.25 shall not apply to any products of
Canada, including those products of Canada entered free of duty as under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement,
including any treatment set forth in subchapter XXIII of chapter 98 and subchapter XXII of chapter 99 of the HTSUS.

As provided in 9903.01.27, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.25 shall not apply to any products of
Mexico, including those products of Mexico entered free of duty as under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement,
including any treatment set forth in subchapter XXIII of chapter 98 and subchapter XXII of chapter 99 of the HTSUS.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to products of iron or
steel provided for in headings 9903.81.87 and 9903.81.88, but such additional duties shall apply to the non-steel
content of such products of iron or steel.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to the declared value
of the steel content of the derivative iron or steel products provided for in headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, 9903.81.91,
9903.81.92 and 9903.81.93, but such additional duties shall apply to the non-steel content.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to products of aluminum
provided for in heading 9903.85.02, but such additional duties shall apply to the non-aluminum content of such products
of aluminum.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to the declared value
of the aluminum content of the derivative aluminum products provided for in headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08 and 9903.85.09, but such additional duties shall apply to the non-aluminum content.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to passenger vehicles
(sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and light trucks provided for in
headings 9903.94.01, 9903.94.03, 9903.94.60, and 9903.94.61.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to parts of passenger
vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and parts of light trucks
provided for in headings 9903.94.05, 9903.94.07, 9903.94.33, 9903.94.44, 9903.94.45, 9903.94.54, 9903.94.55,
9903.94.62, 9903.94.63, 9903.94.64, and 9903.94.65.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to semi-finished copper
and intensive copper derivative products provided for in 9903.78.01.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall apply to wood products provided
for in heading 9903.76.04, but shall not apply to wood products provided for in headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02,
9903.76.03, 9903.76.20, 9903.76.21, 9903.76.22, and 9903.76.23.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to medium- and
heavy-duty vehicles provided for in headings 9903.74.01, 9903.74.02 and 9903.74.03.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to medium- and
heavy-duty vehicle parts provided for in headings 9903.74.08 and 9903.74.09.

(xvi)

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.80, 9903.02.83, and 9903.02.88 shall not apply to semiconductor articles provided for in heading 9903.79.01.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 14
U.S. Notes (con.)

(xvii) The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73,
9903.02.79–9903.02.80, 9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to the U.S. content of
an article, provided at least 20% of the customs value, as determined under 19 U.S.C. 1401a, of the product is U.S.
originating, consistent with heading 9903.01.34. For greater certainty, with respect to an article for which at least 20%
of the customs value is U.S. originating, consistent with 9903.01.34, the additional duties imposed by headings
9903.01.25, 9903.01.35, 9903.01.39, 9903.01.63, 9903.02.01–9903.02.73, 9903.02.79–9903.02.80,
9903.02.82–9903.02.83, and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88, shall apply only to the non-U.S. content of such article. Heading
9903.01.34 covers only the U.S. content portion of articles described by that heading. The term “U.S. content” refers
to the value of an article attributable to the components wholly obtained, produced entirely, or substantially transformed
in the United States.

(xviii)

[Compiler's note: Subdivisions (1)–(9) and (11)–(57) of this note and headings 9903.01.43–9903.01.62 and
9903.01.64–9903.01.76 are terminated as of August 7, 2025. Subdivision (v)(xvii)(10) and heading 9903.01.63
are suspended. See headings 9903.02.02–9903.02.73.] Heading 9903.01.25 shall not apply to articles the product
of the following countries entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01
a.m. eastern daylight time on April 10, 2025, and that were not in transit on the final mode of transit prior to 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 10, 2025:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Algeria, subject to an additional duty of 30%

Angola, subject to an additional duty of 32%

Bangladesh, subject to an additional duty of 37%

Bosnia and Herzegovina, subject to an additional duty of 35%

Botswana, subject to an additional duty of 37%

Brunei, subject to an additional duty of 24%

Cambodia, subject to an additional duty of 49%

Cameroon, subject to an additional duty of 11%

Chad, subject to an additional duty of 13%

(10) China, including Hong Kong and Macau, subject to an additional duty of 34%

(11) Côte d`Ivoire, subject to an additional duty of 21%

(12) Democratic Republic of the Congo, subject to an additional duty of 11%

(13)

Equatorial Guinea, subject to an additional duty of 13%

(14)

European Union, subject to an additional duty of 20%

(15)

Falkland Islands, subject to an additional duty of 41%

(16)

Fiji, subject to an additional duty of 32%

(17) Guyana, subject to an additional duty of 38%

(18)

India, subject to an additional duty of 26%

(19)

Indonesia, subject to an additional duty of 32%

(20)

Iraq, subject to an additional duty of 39%

(21)

Israel, subject to an additional duty of 17%

(22)

Japan, subject to an additional duty of 24%

(23)

Jordan, subject to an additional duty of 20%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 15

U.S. Notes (con.)

(24)

Kazakhstan, subject to an additional duty of 27%

(25)

Laos, subject to an additional duty of 48%

(26)

Lesotho, subject to an additional duty of 50%

(27)

Libya, subject to an additional duty of 31%

(28)

Liechtenstein, subject to an additional duty of 37%

(29) Madagascar, subject to an additional duty of 47%

(30) Malawi, subject to an additional duty of 17%

(31) Malaysia, subject to an additional duty of 24%

(32) Mauritius, subject to an additional duty of 40%

(33) Moldova, subject to an additional duty of 31%

(34) Mozambique, subject to an additional duty of 16%

(35) Myanmar (Burma), subject to an additional duty of 44%

(36) Namibia, subject to an additional duty of 21%

(37) Nauru, subject to an additional duty of 30%

(38) Nicaragua, subject to an additional duty of 18%

(39) Nigeria, subject to an additional duty of 14%

(40) North Macedonia, subject to an additional duty of 33%

(41) Norway, subject to an additional duty of 15%

(42)

Pakistan, subject to an additional duty of 29%

(43)

Philippines, subject to an additional duty of 17%

(44)

Serbia, subject to an additional duty of 37%

(45)

South Africa, subject to an additional duty of 30%

(46)

South Korea, subject to an additional duty of 25%

(47)

Sri Lanka, subject to an additional duty of 44%

(48)

Switzerland, subject to an additional duty of 31%

(49)

Syria, subject to an additional duty of 41%

(50)

Taiwan, subject to an additional duty of 32%

(51)

Thailand, subject to an additional duty of 36%

(52)

Tunisia, subject to an additional duty of 28%

(53)

Vanuatu, subject to an additional duty of 22%

(54)

Venezuela, subject to an additional duty of 15%

(55)

Vietnam, subject to an additional duty of 46%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 16
U.S. Notes (con.)

(56)

Zambia, subject to an additional duty of 17%

(57)

Zimbabwe, subject to an additional duty of 18%

(xix) As provided in headings 9903.02.19, 9903.02.20, 9903.02.72, 9903.02.73, 9903.02.79, 9903.02.80, 9903.02.82,

9903.02.83, 9903.02.87, and 9903.02.88, for any good of the European Union, Japan, South Korea, Switzerland, or
Liechtenstein subject to a specific or compound rate of duty under column 1-General, the ad valorem equivalent rate
of duty of such good shall be determined by dividing the amount of duty payable under column 1-General by the
customs value of the good. For example, if a good were subject to a specific duty of 50 cents per kilogram, and one
kilogram of the good were entered with a customs value of $10, then the ad valorem equivalent rate of duty would be
obtained by dividing 50 cents by $10, yielding 5 percent. For any good of South Korea for which a specific or compound
rate of duty under column 1-Special is properly claimed, the ad valorem equivalent rate of duty shall be determined
in the same manner.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 17

U.S. Notes (con.)

(xx)

As provided in heading 9903.02.74, the additional duties imposed by headings 9903.02.19 and 9903.02.20 shall not
apply to articles the product of the European Union that are classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS:
[Compiler's note: List may appear or continue on a subsequent page; read numbers from left to right.]

0711.90.30
2504.10.10
2511.10.50
2524.90.00
2530.20.20
2602.00.00
2608.00.00
2611.00.60
2614.00.60
2617.10.00
2804.90.00
2811.11.00
2813.90.10
2817.00.00
2820.10.00
2823.00.00
2825.90.15
2826.30.00
2827.39.60
2833.29.10
2834.29.20
2836.92.00
2841.90.20
2849.20.20
3104.90.01
3823.11.00
4501.10.00
4503.10.20
4503.90.20
4504.10.20
4504.10.47
5005.00.00
5007.10.60
7101.10.60
7103.10.20
7103.99.50
7110.29.00
7110.49.00
7201.20.00
7202.19.10
7202.49.10
7202.80.00
7204.21.00
7502.20.00
7901.12.10
7903.90.30
8101.10.00
8103.91.00
8104.30.00
8105.20.90
8108.20.00
8110.90.00
8112.22.00
8112.92.10
8112.92.65

0810.50.00
2504.10.50
2519.10.00
2529.21.00
2530.90.10
2604.00.00
2609.00.00
2612.20.00
2615.90.30
2620.99.50
2805.19.10
2811.19.10
2816.10.00
2818.10.10
2821.10.00
2825.40.00
2825.90.30
2826.90.90
2827.59.51
2833.29.45
2834.29.51
2836.99.10
2846.10.00
2849.90.30
3206.11.00
3823.12.00
4501.90.20
4503.10.30
4503.90.40
4504.10.30
4504.10.50
5006.00.10
5007.20.00
7102.10.00
7103.10.40
7110.11.00
7110.31.00
7112.92.01
7201.50.30
7202.19.50
7202.49.50
7202.91.00
7205.10.00
7503.00.00
7901.12.50
8001.10.00
8101.97.00
8104.11.00
8104.90.00
8105.30.00
8108.30.00
8111.00.47
8112.41.10
8112.92.30
8112.99.10

0904.22.20
2504.90.00
2519.90.10
2529.22.00
2530.90.20
2605.00.00
2610.00.00
2613.90.00
2615.90.60
2801.20.00
2805.19.90
2811.29.10
2816.40.10
2818.10.20
2821.20.00
2825.60.00
2825.90.90
2827.31.00
2833.24.00
2833.29.51
2836.60.00
2836.99.50
2846.90.80
3104.20.00
3206.19.00
3823.19.20
4501.90.40
4503.10.40
4503.90.60
4504.10.40
4504.90.00
5006.00.90
5007.90.30
7102.31.00
7103.91.00
7110.19.00
7110.39.00
7118.90.00
7202.11.10
7202.30.00
7202.50.00
7202.93.40
7501.10.00
7504.00.00
7901.20.00
8001.20.00
8103.20.00
8104.19.00
8105.20.30
8106.10.00
8110.10.00
8111.00.49
8112.41.50
8112.92.40
8112.99.91

0910.20.00
2511.10.10
2519.90.20
2530.20.10
2530.90.80
2606.00.00
2611.00.30
2614.00.30
2616.10.00
2804.80.00
2805.30.00
2811.29.20
2816.40.20
2818.20.00
2822.00.00
2825.80.00
2826.12.00
2827.39.45
2833.27.00
2834.21.00
2836.91.00
2841.80.00
2849.20.10
3104.30.00
3606.90.30
3823.70.40
4502.00.00
4503.10.60
4504.10.10
4504.10.45
5004.00.00
5007.10.30
7101.10.30
7102.39.00
7103.99.10
7110.21.00
7110.41.00
7201.10.00
7202.11.50
7202.41.00
7202.60.00
7202.93.80
7502.10.00
7901.11.00
7902.00.00
8002.00.00
8103.30.00
8104.20.00
8105.20.60
8106.90.00
8110.20.00
8112.21.00
8112.92.07
8112.92.60

(xxi) As provided in heading 9903.02.75, the additional duties imposed by headings 9903.02.19 and 9903.02.20 shall not

apply to the following particular articles the product of the European Union:

(1)

Essential oils other than those of citrus fruit, other, nesoi, for religious purposes only (classifiable in subheading
3301.29.51)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 18
U.S. Notes (con.)

(xxii) As provided in heading 9903.02.76, the additional duties imposed by headings 9903.02.19, 9903.02.20, 9903.78.01,
9903.81.87, 9903.81.88, 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, 9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.85.02, 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07, and
9903.85.08, shall not apply to articles the product of the European Union that are civil aircraft (all aircraft other than
military aircraft and unmanned aircraft); their engines, parts, and components; their other parts, components, and
subassemblies; and ground flight simulators and their parts and components, that otherwise meet the criteria of
General Note 6 of HTSUS, and are classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, but regardless of whether
a product is entered under a provision for which the rate of duty “Free (C)” appears in the “Special” sub-column:
[Compiler's note: List may appear or continue on a subsequent page; read numbers from left to right.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 19

U.S. Notes (con.)

3917.21.00
3917.31.00
3926.90.45
4008.29.20
4009.42.00
4016.10.00
4017.00.00
4823.90.40
4823.90.70
6812.99.10
6813.81.00
7304.31.60
7304.49.00
7304.59.20
7304.90.30
7306.30.30
7306.50.10
7306.61.30
7306.69.30
7312.10.10
7312.10.60
7312.90.00
7326.20.00
8108.90.60
8302.42.30
8302.49.80
8407.10.00
8411.11.80
8411.21.80
8411.82.40
8411.99.90
8412.29.80
8412.80.90
8413.30.10
8413.70.10
8413.91.20
8414.30.40
8414.59.30
8414.80.20
8414.90.41
8415.81.01
8415.90.80
8418.61.01
8419.81.50
8419.90.30
8421.21.00
8421.32.00
8425.19.00
8425.49.00
8428.33.00
8443.32.10
8471.50.01
8471.60.80
8471.70.30
8471.70.90
8479.89.70
8479.90.55
8479.90.95
8483.30.40
8483.40.50
8483.50.40
8483.60.80
8483.90.50
8501.20.50
8501.31.81
8501.33.20

3917.22.00
3917.33.00
3926.90.94
4009.12.00
4011.30.00
4016.93.50
4823.90.10
4823.90.50
4823.90.80
6812.99.20
6813.89.00
7304.39.00
7304.51.10
7304.59.60
7304.90.50
7306.30.50
7306.50.30
7306.61.50
7306.69.50
7312.10.20
7312.10.70
7322.90.00
7413.00.90
8302.10.60
8302.42.60
8302.60.30
8408.90.90
8411.12.40
8411.22.40
8411.91.10
8412.10.00
8412.31.00
8412.90.90
8413.30.90
8413.70.20
8413.91.90
8414.30.80
8414.59.65
8414.80.90
8414.90.91
8415.82.01
8418.10.00
8418.69.01
8419.81.90
8419.90.50
8421.23.00
8421.39.01
8425.31.01
8426.99.00
8428.39.00
8443.32.50
8471.60.10
8471.60.90
8471.70.40
8479.89.10
8479.89.95
8479.90.65
8483.10.10
8483.30.80
8483.40.70
8483.50.60
8483.90.10
8483.90.80
8501.20.60
8501.32.20
8501.33.30

3917.23.00
3917.39.00
3926.90.96
4009.22.00
4012.13.00
4016.99.35
4823.90.20
4823.90.60
4823.90.86
6812.99.90
7007.21.11
7304.41.30
7304.51.50
7304.59.80
7304.90.70
7306.40.10
7306.50.50
7306.61.70
7306.69.70
7312.10.30
7312.10.80
7324.10.00
7608.10.00
8302.10.90
8302.49.40
8307.10.30
8409.10.00
8411.12.80
8411.22.80
8411.91.90
8412.21.00
8412.39.00
8413.19.00
8413.50.00
8413.81.00
8414.10.00
8414.51.30
8414.80.05
8414.90.10
8415.10.60
8415.83.00
8418.30.00
8419.50.10
8419.90.10
8419.90.85
8421.29.00
8424.10.00
8425.39.01
8428.10.00
8428.90.03
8471.41.01
8471.60.20
8471.70.10
8471.70.50
8479.89.20
8479.90.41
8479.90.75
8483.10.30
8483.40.10
8483.40.80
8483.50.90
8483.90.20
8484.10.00
8501.31.50
8501.32.55
8501.33.61

3917.29.00
3917.40.00
3926.90.99
4009.32.00
4012.20.10
4016.99.60
4823.90.31
4823.90.67
6812.80.90
6813.20.00
7304.31.30
7304.41.60
7304.59.10
7304.90.10
7306.30.10
7306.40.50
7306.61.10
7306.69.10
7312.10.05
7312.10.50
7312.10.90
7324.90.00
7608.20.00
8302.20.00
8302.49.60
8307.90.30
8411.11.40
8411.21.40
8411.81.40
8411.99.10
8412.29.40
8412.80.10
8413.20.00
8413.60.00
8413.91.10
8414.20.00
8414.51.90
8414.80.16
8414.90.30
8415.10.90
8415.90.40
8418.40.00
8419.50.50
8419.90.20
8421.19.00
8421.31.00
8425.11.00
8425.42.00
8428.20.00
8443.31.00
8471.49.00
8471.60.70
8471.70.20
8471.70.60
8479.89.65
8479.90.45
8479.90.85
8483.10.50
8483.40.30
8483.40.90
8483.60.40
8483.90.30
8484.90.00
8501.31.60
8501.32.61
8501.34.61

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 20
U.S. Notes (con.)

8501.40.50
8501.52.40
8501.61.01
8501.72.10
8501.80.10
8502.12.00
8502.39.00
8504.31.40
8504.40.40
8504.40.95
8507.20.80
8507.80.82
8511.20.00
8511.80.20
8516.80.40
8517.61.00
8518.10.40
8518.29.40
8518.40.10
8519.81.20
8519.89.10
8521.10.60
8522.90.45
8526.10.00
8528.42.00
8529.10.40
8529.90.06
8529.90.19
8529.90.33
8529.90.46
8529.90.68
8529.90.81
8529.90.89
8529.90.98
8531.80.90
8543.70.42
8543.70.91
8543.90.35
8543.90.88
8802.12.01
8805.29.00
8807.90.90
9001.90.80
9002.90.70
9014.10.60
9014.20.40
9014.90.20
9020.00.60
9025.19.80
9025.80.35
9026.10.20
9026.20.80
9026.90.20
9029.20.40
9030.20.10
9030.33.38
9030.89.01
9030.90.68
9031.80.80
9031.90.59
9032.20.00
9032.89.60
9033.00.90
9104.00.25
9104.00.50
9109.90.20

8501.40.60
8501.52.80
8501.62.01
8501.72.20
8501.80.20
8502.13.00
8502.40.00
8504.31.60
8504.40.60
8504.50.40
8507.30.80
8507.90.40
8511.30.00
8511.80.40
8516.80.80
8517.62.00
8518.10.80
8518.29.80
8518.40.20
8519.81.25
8519.89.20
8521.10.90
8522.90.58
8526.91.00
8528.52.00
8529.10.91
8529.90.09
8529.90.21
8529.90.36
8529.90.49
8529.90.73
8529.90.83
8529.90.93
8531.10.00
8536.70.00
8543.70.45
8543.70.95
8543.90.65
8544.30.00
8802.20.01
8807.10.00
9001.90.40
9001.90.90
9002.90.85
9014.10.70
9014.20.60
9014.90.40
9025.11.20
9025.80.10
9025.80.40
9026.10.40
9026.80.20
9026.90.40
9029.90.80
9030.31.00
9030.39.01
9030.90.25
9030.90.84
9031.90.21
9031.90.70
9032.81.00
9032.90.21
9104.00.05
9104.00.30
9104.00.60
9401.10.40

8501.51.50
8501.53.40
8501.63.01
8501.72.30
8501.80.30
8502.20.00
8504.10.00
8504.32.00
8504.40.70
8504.50.80
8507.50.00
8507.90.80
8511.40.00
8511.80.60
8517.13.00
8517.69.00
8518.21.00
8518.30.10
8518.50.00
8519.81.30
8519.89.30
8522.90.25
8522.90.65
8526.92.10
8528.62.00
8529.90.04
8529.90.13
8529.90.24
8529.90.39
8529.90.55
8529.90.77
8529.90.87
8529.90.95
8531.20.00
8539.10.00
8543.70.60
8543.90.12
8543.90.68
8801.00.00
8802.30.01
8807.20.00
9001.90.50
9002.90.20
9002.90.95
9014.10.90
9014.20.80
9014.90.60
9025.11.40
9025.80.15
9025.80.50
9026.10.60
9026.80.40
9026.90.60
9030.10.00
9030.32.00
9030.40.00
9030.90.46
9030.90.89
9031.90.45
9031.90.91
9032.89.20
9032.90.41
9104.00.10
9104.00.40
9109.10.50
9401.10.80

8501.51.60
8501.53.60
8501.71.00
8501.72.90
8502.11.00
8502.31.00
8504.31.20
8504.33.00
8504.40.85
8507.10.00
8507.60.00
8511.10.00
8511.50.00
8514.20.40
8517.14.00
8517.71.00
8518.22.00
8518.30.20
8519.81.10
8519.81.41
8521.10.30
8522.90.36
8522.90.80
8526.92.50
8529.10.21
8529.90.05
8529.90.16
8529.90.29
8529.90.43
8529.90.63
8529.90.78
8529.90.88
8529.90.97
8531.80.15
8539.51.00
8543.70.80
8543.90.15
8543.90.85
8802.11.01
8802.40.01
8807.30.00
9001.90.60
9002.90.40
9014.10.10
9014.20.20
9014.90.10
9020.00.40
9025.19.40
9025.80.20
9025.90.06
9026.20.40
9026.80.60
9029.10.80
9030.20.05
9030.33.34
9030.84.00
9030.90.66
9031.80.40
9031.90.54
9032.10.00
9032.89.40
9032.90.61
9104.00.20
9104.00.45
9109.10.60
9403.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 21

U.S. Notes (con.)

9403.70.40
9405.11.80
9405.61.20
9405.69.40
9405.99.40
9802.00.50
9818.00.07

9403.70.80
9405.19.40
9405.61.40
9405.69.60
9620.00.50
9802.00.60

9405.11.40
9405.19.60
9405.61.60
9405.92.00
9620.00.60
9802.00.80

9405.11.60
9405.19.80
9405.69.20
9405.99.20
9802.00.40
9818.00.05

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 22
U.S. Notes (con.)

(xxiii) As provided in heading 9903.02.77, the additional duties imposed by headings 9903.02.19 and 9903.02.20 shall not
apply to articles the product of the European Union that are not patented in the United States for use in pharmaceutical
applications, and are classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, but regardless of whether a product is
entered under a provision for which the rate of duty “Free (K)” appears in the “Special” sub-column: [Compiler's note:
List may appear or continue on a subsequent page; read numbers from left to right.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 23

U.S. Notes (con.)

2804.10.00
2805.19.20
2811.12.00
2814.10.00
2815.20.00
2827.39.65
2832.10.00
2833.21.00
2835.24.00
2837.20.51
2843.29.01
2844.42.00
2845.30.00
2847.00.00
2853.90.50
2902.90.30
2903.41.10
2903.45.10
2903.49.00
2903.69.10
2903.78.00
2903.89.20
2903.94.00
2904.10.50
2904.20.30
2904.20.50
2904.99.20
2904.99.47
2905.13.00
2905.22.20
2905.32.00
2905.51.00
2906.19.50
2907.19.20
2908.19.10
2908.99.15
2909.19.60
2909.49.05
2909.49.60
2909.50.50
2910.50.00
2911.00.10
2912.49.26
2914.29.30
2914.40.90
2914.62.00
2914.79.10
2915.21.00
2915.32.00
2915.39.35
2915.39.70
2915.40.30
2915.90.14
2916.16.00
2916.31.30
2916.39.46
2917.19.15
2917.19.27
2917.19.70
2917.39.30
2918.14.00
2918.19.20
2918.21.10
2918.23.30
2918.29.65
2918.30.25

2804.29.00
2806.10.00
2811.22.50
2814.20.00
2815.30.00
2827.39.90
2832.30.10
2833.22.00
2836.20.00
2841.90.40
2843.30.00
2844.43.00
2845.90.01
2850.00.50
2853.90.90
2903.12.00
2903.42.10
2903.46.10
2903.51.10
2903.69.90
2903.79.90
2903.89.70
2903.99.20
2904.20.10
2904.20.35
2904.99.04
2904.99.30
2904.99.50
2905.19.10
2905.22.50
2905.39.90
2905.59.10
2906.29.60
2907.19.40
2908.19.35
2908.99.25
2909.20.00
2909.49.10
2909.50.20
2910.10.00
2910.90.10
2911.00.50
2912.60.00
2914.29.50
2914.50.10
2914.69.21
2914.79.40
2915.24.00
2915.36.00
2915.39.40
2915.39.90
2915.40.50
2915.90.18
2916.19.30
2916.31.50
2916.39.79
2917.19.17
2917.19.30
2917.20.00
2918.11.51
2918.16.50
2918.19.31
2918.22.10
2918.23.50
2918.29.75
2918.30.30

2804.30.00
2807.00.00
2812.12.00
2815.11.00
2825.10.00
2827.60.20
2833.11.50
2834.10.10
2836.30.00
2842.10.00
2843.90.00
2844.44.00
2846.90.20
2853.10.00
2901.10.40
2903.13.00
2903.43.10
2903.47.10
2903.59.10
2903.71.01
2903.81.00
2903.92.00
2903.99.80
2904.20.15
2904.20.40
2904.99.08
2904.99.35
2905.11.20
2905.19.90
2905.29.90
2905.49.20
2905.59.90
2907.11.00
2907.19.80
2908.19.60
2909.11.00
2909.30.40
2909.49.15
2909.50.40
2910.30.00
2910.90.20
2912.19.50
2914.11.10
2914.39.90
2914.50.30
2914.69.90
2914.79.60
2915.29.30
2915.39.10
2915.39.45
2915.40.10
2915.50.20
2915.90.20
2916.19.50
2916.39.15
2917.13.00
2917.19.20
2917.19.35
2917.34.01
2918.12.00
2918.18.00
2918.19.60
2918.22.50
2918.29.20
2918.30.10
2918.30.70

2804.50.00
2809.20.00
2812.19.00
2815.12.00
2825.20.00
2827.60.51
2833.19.00
2835.22.00
2836.40.20
2842.90.90
2844.41.00
2845.20.00
2846.90.40
2853.90.10
2902.19.00
2903.22.00
2903.44.10
2903.48.00
2903.59.90
2903.77.00
2903.89.15
2903.93.00
2904.10.32
2904.20.20
2904.20.45
2904.99.15
2904.99.40
2905.12.00
2905.22.10
2905.31.00
2905.49.50
2906.11.00
2907.19.10
2907.29.90
2908.99.12
2909.19.18
2909.30.60
2909.49.20
2909.50.45
2910.40.00
2910.90.91
2912.29.60
2914.19.00
2914.40.40
2914.50.50
2914.71.00
2914.79.90
2915.29.50
2915.39.31
2915.39.47
2915.40.20
2915.90.10
2915.90.50
2916.20.50
2916.39.17
2917.19.10
2917.19.23
2917.19.40
2917.37.00
2918.13.50
2918.19.15
2918.19.90
2918.23.10
2918.29.22
2918.30.15
2918.30.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 24
U.S. Notes (con.)

2918.99.05
2918.99.50
2920.19.40
2920.23.00
2920.90.20
2921.19.11
2921.30.30
2921.42.65
2921.45.90
2921.49.45
2922.11.00
2922.16.00
2922.19.20
2922.19.90
2922.21.40
2922.29.08
2922.29.20
2922.29.61
2922.39.10
2922.39.45
2922.42.50
2922.49.05
2922.49.37
2922.49.80
2922.50.13
2922.50.25
2923.10.00
2923.40.00
2924.19.11
2924.21.45
2924.24.00
2924.29.05
2924.29.28
2924.29.65
2924.29.95
2925.21.00
2925.29.60
2926.40.00
2926.90.50
2928.00.15
2929.90.05
2930.10.01
2930.40.00
2930.90.49
2931.43.00
2931.47.00
2931.52.00
2931.90.22
2932.11.00
2932.20.05
2932.20.45
2932.99.08
2932.99.39
2932.99.90
2933.19.37
2933.21.00
2933.29.35
2933.29.90
2933.35.00
2933.39.10
2933.39.25
2933.39.61
2933.49.26
2933.54.00
2933.59.18
2933.59.46

2918.99.30
2919.10.00
2920.19.50
2920.24.00
2920.90.51
2921.19.61
2921.30.50
2921.42.90
2921.46.00
2921.49.50
2922.12.00
2922.17.00
2922.19.33
2922.19.96
2922.21.50
2922.29.10
2922.29.26
2922.29.81
2922.39.14
2922.39.50
2922.43.10
2922.49.10
2922.49.43
2922.50.07
2922.50.14
2922.50.35
2923.20.10
2923.90.01
2924.19.80
2924.21.50
2924.25.00
2924.29.10
2924.29.33
2924.29.71
2925.12.00
2925.29.10
2925.29.70
2926.90.14
2927.00.40
2928.00.25
2929.90.15
2930.20.20
2930.60.00
2930.90.92
2931.44.00
2931.48.00
2931.53.00
2931.90.30
2932.14.00
2932.20.20
2932.20.50
2932.99.21
2932.99.55
2933.11.00
2933.19.43
2933.29.05
2933.29.43
2933.31.00
2933.36.00
2933.39.20
2933.39.27
2933.39.92
2933.49.60
2933.55.00
2933.59.21
2933.59.53

2918.99.43
2919.90.30
2920.21.00
2920.29.00
2921.11.00
2921.29.00
2921.41.10
2921.43.40
2921.49.38
2921.59.40
2922.14.00
2922.18.00
2922.19.60
2922.21.10
2922.29.03
2922.29.13
2922.29.27
2922.31.00
2922.39.17
2922.41.00
2922.43.50
2922.49.26
2922.49.49
2922.50.10
2922.50.17
2922.50.40
2923.20.20
2924.11.00
2924.21.16
2924.23.70
2924.29.01
2924.29.23
2924.29.57
2924.29.77
2925.19.42
2925.29.18
2925.29.90
2926.90.43
2927.00.50
2928.00.30
2929.90.20
2930.20.90
2930.70.00
2931.41.00
2931.45.00
2931.49.00
2931.54.00
2931.90.60
2932.19.10
2932.20.25
2932.95.00
2932.99.32
2932.99.61
2933.19.08
2933.19.45
2933.29.10
2933.29.45
2933.33.01
2933.37.00
2933.39.21
2933.39.31
2933.41.00
2933.49.70
2933.59.10
2933.59.22
2933.59.59

2918.99.47
2919.90.50
2920.22.00
2920.30.00
2921.14.00
2921.30.10
2921.41.20
2921.45.60
2921.49.43
2921.59.80
2922.15.00
2922.19.09
2922.19.70
2922.21.25
2922.29.06
2922.29.15
2922.29.29
2922.39.05
2922.39.25
2922.42.10
2922.44.00
2922.49.30
2922.49.60
2922.50.11
2922.50.19
2922.50.50
2923.30.00
2924.12.00
2924.21.20
2924.23.75
2924.29.03
2924.29.26
2924.29.62
2924.29.80
2925.19.91
2925.29.20
2926.30.10
2926.90.48
2928.00.10
2928.00.50
2929.90.50
2930.30.60
2930.90.29
2931.42.00
2931.46.00
2931.51.00
2931.59.00
2931.90.90
2932.19.51
2932.20.30
2932.99.04
2932.99.35
2932.99.70
2933.19.35
2933.19.90
2933.29.20
2933.29.60
2933.34.00
2933.39.08
2933.39.23
2933.39.41
2933.49.20
2933.53.00
2933.59.15
2933.59.36
2933.59.70

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 25

U.S. Notes (con.)

2933.59.80
2933.69.60
2933.79.15
2933.79.85
2933.99.05
2933.99.12
2933.99.22
2933.99.46
2933.99.58
2933.99.75
2933.99.89
2934.10.20
2934.20.80
2934.30.43
2934.99.01
2934.99.07
2934.99.12
2934.99.20
2934.99.47
2935.90.29
2935.90.42
2935.90.95
2936.24.01
2936.28.00
2936.29.50
2937.19.00
2937.23.25
2937.50.00
2937.90.40
2938.90.00
2939.19.50
2939.42.00
2939.49.03
2939.62.00
2939.79.00
2941.10.20
2941.30.00
2941.90.30
2942.00.10
3001.90.01
3002.15.00
3002.51.00
3003.10.00
3003.39.50
3003.49.00
3004.10.50
3004.39.00
3004.49.00
3004.50.40
3004.90.92
3006.70.00
3006.93.50
3204.13.60
3401.30.10
3402.50.11
3808.59.50
3812.31.00
3824.81.00
3824.84.00
3824.88.00
3824.99.25
3824.99.55
3827.40.00
3905.91.10
3907.10.00
3908.90.20

2933.59.85
2933.72.00
2933.79.20
2933.91.00
2933.99.06
2933.99.14
2933.99.24
2933.99.51
2933.99.61
2933.99.79
2933.99.90
2934.10.70
2934.30.18
2934.30.50
2934.99.03
2934.99.08
2934.99.15
2934.99.30
2934.99.70
2935.90.30
2935.90.48
2936.21.00
2936.25.00
2936.29.10
2936.90.01
2937.21.00
2937.23.50
2937.90.05
2937.90.45
2939.11.00
2939.20.00
2939.43.00
2939.51.00
2939.63.00
2939.80.00
2941.10.30
2941.40.00
2941.90.50
2942.00.35
3002.12.00
3002.41.00
3002.59.00
3003.20.00
3003.41.00
3003.60.00
3004.20.00
3004.41.00
3004.50.10
3004.50.50
3006.30.10
3006.92.00
3006.93.60
3204.13.80
3402.42.10
3507.90.70
3808.61.50
3815.11.00
3824.82.10
3824.85.00
3824.89.00
3824.99.29
3826.00.30
3901.90.90
3905.91.50
3907.21.00
3909.10.00

2933.59.95
2933.79.04
2933.79.30
2933.99.01
2933.99.08
2933.99.16
2933.99.26
2933.99.53
2933.99.65
2933.99.82
2933.99.97
2934.10.90
2934.30.23
2934.91.00
2934.99.05
2934.99.09
2934.99.16
2934.99.39
2934.99.90
2935.90.32
2935.90.60
2936.22.00
2936.26.00
2936.29.16
2937.11.00
2937.22.00
2937.29.10
2937.90.10
2937.90.90
2939.19.10
2939.30.00
2939.44.00
2939.59.00
2939.69.00
2940.00.60
2941.10.50
2941.50.00
2942.00.03
2942.00.50
3002.13.00
3002.42.00
3002.90.10
3003.31.00
3003.42.00
3003.90.01
3004.31.00
3004.42.00
3004.50.20
3004.60.00
3006.30.50
3006.93.10
3006.93.80
3204.18.00
3402.42.20
3802.10.00
3808.94.10
3815.12.00
3824.82.90
3824.86.00
3824.91.00
3824.99.49
3827.13.00
3902.90.00
3905.99.80
3907.70.00
3909.40.00

2933.69.50
2933.79.08
2933.79.40
2933.99.02
2933.99.11
2933.99.17
2933.99.42
2933.99.55
2933.99.70
2933.99.85
2934.10.10
2934.20.40
2934.30.27
2934.92.00
2934.99.06
2934.99.11
2934.99.18
2934.99.44
2935.90.06
2935.90.33
2935.90.75
2936.23.00
2936.27.00
2936.29.20
2937.12.00
2937.23.10
2937.29.90
2937.90.20
2938.10.00
2939.19.20
2939.41.00
2939.45.00
2939.61.00
2939.72.00
2941.10.10
2941.20.50
2941.90.10
2942.00.05
3001.20.00
3002.14.00
3002.49.00
3002.90.52
3003.39.10
3003.43.00
3004.10.10
3004.32.00
3004.43.00
3004.50.30
3004.90.10
3006.60.00
3006.93.20
3203.00.80
3204.90.00
3402.42.90
3808.59.40
3808.94.50
3815.90.50
3824.83.00
3824.87.00
3824.92.00
3824.99.50
3827.14.00
3904.61.00
3906.90.50
3908.10.00
3911.20.00

XXII
99 - III - 26
U.S. Notes (con.)

(xxiv)

(a)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

3911.90.25
3912.31.00
3913.90.50
7907.00.60

3911.90.45
3912.39.00
3914.00.20
8007.00.50

3911.90.91
3912.90.00
3914.00.60
8112.59.00

3912.20.00
3913.90.20
7508.90.50

As provided in headings 9903.02.79 and 9903.02.80, for articles the product of South Korea for which the U.S.
Most Favored Nation (“MFN”) tariff rate (Column 1-General) or the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement tariff rate
(Column 1-Special), as applicable, is less than 15 percent, the sum of the column 1 duty rate and the additional
ad valorem rate of duty pursuant to heading 9903.02.80 will be 15 percent ad valorem, and for articles the product
of South Korea for which the column 1 duty rate is 15 percent or higher, heading 9903.02.79 applies, and no
additional duty is due pursuant to heading 9903.02.80.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 27

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

As provided in heading 9903.02.81, the additional duties imposed by headings 9903.02.79, 9903.02.80, 9903.78.01,
9903.81.87, 9903.81.88, 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, 9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.85.02, 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
and 9903.85.08, shall not apply to articles the product of South Korea that are civil aircraft (all aircraft other than
military aircraft and unmanned aircraft); their engines, parts, and components; their other parts, components, and
subassemblies; and ground flight simulators and their parts and components, that otherwise meet the criteria of
General Note 6 of HTSUS, and are classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, but regardless of whether
a product is entered under a provision for which the rate of duty “Free (C)” appears in the “Special” subcolumn:
[Compiler's note: List may appear or continue on a subsequent page.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 28
U.S. Notes (con.)

3917.21.00
3917.31.00
3926.90.45
4008.29.20
4009.42.00
4016.10.00
4017.00.00
4823.90.31
4823.90.67
6812.80.90
6813.20.00
7304.31.30
7304.41.60
7304.59.10
7304.90.10
7306.30.10
7306.40.50
7306.61.10
7306.69.10
7312.10.05
7312.10.50
7312.10.90
7324.90.00
7608.20.00
8302.20.00
8302.49.60
8307.90.30
8411.11.40
8411.21.40
8411.81.40
8411.99.10
8412.29.40
8412.80.10
8413.20.00
8413.60.00
8413.91.10
8414.20.00
8414.51.90
8414.80.16
8414.90.30
8415.10.90
8415.90.40
8418.40.00
8419.50.50
8419.90.20
8421.19.00
8421.31.00
8425.11.00
8425.42.00
8428.20.00
8443.31.00
8471.49.00
8471.60.70
8471.70.20
8471.70.60
8479.89.65
8479.90.45
8479.90.85
8483.10.50
8483.40.30
8483.40.90
8483.60.40
8483.90.30
8484.90.00
8501.31.60
8501.32.61

3917.22.00
3917.33.00
3926.90.94
4009.12.00
4011.30.00
4016.93.50
4504.90.00
4823.90.40
4823.90.70
6812.99.10
6813.81.00
7304.31.60
7304.49.00
7304.59.20
7304.90.30
7306.30.30
7306.50.10
7306.61.30
7306.69.30
7312.10.10
7312.10.60
7312.90.00
7326.20.00
8108.90.60
8302.42.30
8302.49.80
8407.10.00
8411.11.80
8411.21.80
8411.82.40
8411.99.90
8412.29.80
8412.80.90
8413.30.10
8413.70.10
8413.91.20
8414.30.40
8414.59.30
8414.80.20
8414.90.41
8415.81.01
8415.90.80
8418.61.01
8419.81.50
8419.90.30
8421.21.00
8421.32.00
8425.19.00
8425.49.00
8428.33.00
8443.32.10
8471.50.01
8471.60.80
8471.70.30
8471.70.90
8479.89.70
8479.90.55
8479.90.95
8483.30.40
8483.40.50
8483.50.40
8483.60.80
8483.90.50
8501.20.50
8501.31.81
8501.33.20

3917.23.00
3917.39.00
3926.90.96
4009.22.00
4012.13.00
4016.99.35
4823.90.10
4823.90.50
4823.90.80
6812.99.20
6813.89.00
7304.39.00
7304.51.10
7304.59.60
7304.90.50
7306.30.50
7306.50.30
7306.61.50
7306.69.50
7312.10.20
7312.10.70
7322.90.00
7413.00.90
8302.10.60
8302.42.60
8302.60.30
8408.90.90
8411.12.40
8411.22.40
8411.91.10
8412.10.00
8412.31.00
8412.90.90
8413.30.90
8413.70.20
8413.91.90
8414.30.80
8414.59.65
8414.80.90
8414.90.91
8415.82.01
8418.10.00
8418.69.01
8419.81.90
8419.90.50
8421.23.00
8421.39.01
8425.31.01
8426.99.00
8428.39.00
8443.32.50
8471.60.10
8471.60.90
8471.70.40
8479.89.10
8479.89.95
8479.90.65
8483.10.10
8483.30.80
8483.40.70
8483.50.60
8483.90.10
8483.90.80
8501.20.60
8501.32.20
8501.33.30

3917.29.00
3917.40.00
3926.90.99
4009.32.00
4012.20.10
4016.99.60
4823.90.20
4823.90.60
4823.90.86
6812.99.90
7007.21.11
7304.41.30
7304.51.50
7304.59.80
7304.90.70
7306.40.10
7306.50.50
7306.61.70
7306.69.70
7312.10.30
7312.10.80
7324.10.00
7608.10.00
8302.10.90
8302.49.40
8307.10.30
8409.10.00
8411.12.80
8411.22.80
8411.91.90
8412.21.00
8412.39.00
8413.19.00
8413.50.00
8413.81.00
8414.10.00
8414.51.30
8414.80.05
8414.90.10
8415.10.60
8415.83.00
8418.30.00
8419.50.10
8419.90.10
8419.90.85
8421.29.00
8424.10.00
8425.39.01
8428.10.00
8428.90.03
8471.41.01
8471.60.20
8471.70.10
8471.70.50
8479.89.20
8479.90.41
8479.90.75
8483.10.30
8483.40.10
8483.40.80
8483.50.90
8483.90.20
8484.10.00
8501.31.50
8501.32.55
8501.33.61

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 29

U.S. Notes (con.)

8501.34.61
8501.51.60
8501.53.60
8501.71.00
8501.72.90
8502.11.00
8502.31.00
8504.31.20
8504.33.00
8504.40.85
8507.10.00
8507.60.00
8511.10.00
8511.50.00
8514.20.40
8517.14.00
8517.71.00
8518.22.00
8518.30.20
8519.81.10
8519.81.41
8521.10.30
8522.90.36
8522.90.80
8526.92.50
8529.10.21
8529.90.05
8529.90.16
8529.90.29
8529.90.43
8529.90.63
8529.90.78
8529.90.88
8529.90.97
8531.80.15
8539.51.00
8543.70.80
8543.90.15
8543.90.85
8802.11.01
8802.40.01
8807.30.00
9001.90.60
9002.90.40
9014.10.10
9014.20.20
9014.90.10
9020.00.40
9025.19.40
9025.80.20
9025.90.06
9026.20.40
9026.80.60
9029.10.80
9030.20.05
9030.33.34
9030.84.00
9030.90.66
9031.80.40
9031.90.54
9032.10.00
9032.89.40
9032.90.61
9104.00.20
9104.00.45
9109.10.60

8501.40.50
8501.52.40
8501.61.01
8501.72.10
8501.80.10
8502.12.00
8502.39.00
8504.31.40
8504.40.40
8504.40.95
8507.20.80
8507.80.82
8511.20.00
8511.80.20
8516.80.40
8517.61.00
8518.10.40
8518.29.40
8518.40.10
8519.81.20
8519.89.10
8521.10.60
8522.90.45
8526.10.00
8528.42.00
8529.10.40
8529.90.06
8529.90.19
8529.90.33
8529.90.46
8529.90.68
8529.90.81
8529.90.89
8529.90.98
8531.80.90
8543.70.42
8543.70.91
8543.90.35
8543.90.88
8802.12.01
8805.29.00
8807.90.90
9001.90.80
9002.90.70
9014.10.60
9014.20.40
9014.90.20
9020.00.60
9025.19.80
9025.80.35
9026.10.20
9026.20.80
9026.90.20
9029.20.40
9030.20.10
9030.33.38
9030.89.01
9030.90.68
9031.80.80
9031.90.59
9032.20.00
9032.89.60
9033.00.90
9104.00.25
9104.00.50
9109.90.20

8501.40.60
8501.52.80
8501.62.01
8501.72.20
8501.80.20
8502.13.00
8502.40.00
8504.31.60
8504.40.60
8504.50.40
8507.30.80
8507.90.40
8511.30.00
8511.80.40
8516.80.80
8517.62.00
8518.10.80
8518.29.80
8518.40.20
8519.81.25
8519.89.20
8521.10.90
8522.90.58
8526.91.00
8528.52.00
8529.10.91
8529.90.09
8529.90.21
8529.90.36
8529.90.49
8529.90.73
8529.90.83
8529.90.93
8531.10.00
8536.70.00
8543.70.45
8543.70.95
8543.90.65
8544.30.00
8802.20.01
8807.10.00
9001.90.40
9001.90.90
9002.90.85
9014.10.70
9014.20.60
9014.90.40
9025.11.20
9025.80.10
9025.80.40
9026.10.40
9026.80.20
9026.90.40
9029.90.80
9030.31.00
9030.39.01
9030.90.25
9030.90.84
9031.90.21
9031.90.70
9032.81.00
9032.90.21
9104.00.05
9104.00.30
9104.00.60
9401.10.40

8501.51.50
8501.53.40
8501.63.01
8501.72.30
8501.80.30
8502.20.00
8504.10.00
8504.32.00
8504.40.70
8504.50.80
8507.50.00
8507.90.80
8511.40.00
8511.80.60
8517.13.00
8517.69.00
8518.21.00
8518.30.10
8518.50.00
8519.81.30
8519.89.30
8522.90.25
8522.90.65
8526.92.10
8528.62.00
8529.90.04
8529.90.13
8529.90.24
8529.90.39
8529.90.55
8529.90.77
8529.90.87
8529.90.95
8531.20.00
8539.10.00
8543.70.60
8543.90.12
8543.90.68
8801.00.00
8802.30.01
8807.20.00
9001.90.50
9002.90.20
9002.90.95
9014.10.90
9014.20.80
9014.90.60
9025.11.40
9025.80.15
9025.80.50
9026.10.60
9026.80.40
9026.90.60
9030.10.00
9030.32.00
9030.40.00
9030.90.46
9030.90.89
9031.90.45
9031.90.91
9032.89.20
9032.90.41
9104.00.10
9104.00.40
9109.10.50
9401.10.80

XXII
99 - III - 30
U.S. Notes (con.)

(xxv)

(a)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

9403.20.00
9405.11.60
9405.19.80
9405.69.20
9405.99.20
9802.00.40
9818.00.05

9403.70.40
9405.11.80
9405.61.20
9405.69.40
9405.99.40
9802.00.50
9818.00.07

9403.70.80
9405.19.40
9405.61.40
9405.69.60
9620.00.50
9802.00.60

9405.11.40
9405.19.60
9405.61.60
9405.92.00
9620.00.60
9802.00.80

As provided in headings 9903.02.82 and 9903.02.83, for articles the product of Switzerland for which the U.S.
Most Favored Nation (“MFN”) tariff rate (column 1-General) is less than 15 percent, the sum of the column 1 duty
rate and the additional ad valorem rate of duty pursuant to heading 9903.02.83 will be 15 percent ad valorem,
and for articles the product of Switzerland for which the column 1 duty rate is 15 percent or higher, heading
9903.02.82 applies, and no additional duty is due pursuant to heading 9903.02.83. As provided in headings
9903.02.87 and 9903.02.88, for articles the product of Liechtenstein for which the MFN tariff rate (column 1-General)
is less than 15 percent, the sum of the column 1 duty rate and the additional ad valorem rate of duty pursuant to
heading 9903.02.88 will be 15 percent ad valorem, and for articles the product of Liechtenstein for which the
column 1 duty rate is 15 percent or higher, heading 9903.02.87 applies, and no additional duty is due pursuant
to heading 9903.02.88.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 31

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

As provided in headings 9903.02.84 and 9903.02.89, the additional duties imposed by headings
9903.02.82–9903.02.83 and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to articles the product of Switzerland or
Liechtenstein, respectively, that are classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS: [Compiler's note: List
for 2(v)(xxiv)(b) may appear or continue on a subsequent page.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 32
U.S. Notes (con.)

0106.14.00
0106.31.00
0208.90.25
0601.10.15
0601.10.75
0602.40.00
0603.12.30
0603.19.01
0604.90.30
1302.31.00
1515.30.00
2504.10.10
2511.10.50
2524.90.00
2530.20.20
2602.00.00
2608.00.00
2611.00.60
2614.00.60
2617.10.00
2804.90.00
2811.11.00
2813.90.10
2817.00.00
2820.10.00
2823.00.00
2825.90.15
2826.30.00
2827.39.60
2833.29.10
2834.29.20
2836.92.00
2841.90.20
2849.20.20
3301.19.51
3823.11.00
4001.21.00
4403.41.00
4407.22.00
4407.27.00
4408.39.02
4409.22.40
4409.22.90
4412.31.45
4412.31.92
4412.51.41
4412.91.31
4501.90.20
4503.10.30
4503.90.40
4504.10.30
4504.10.50
4601.22.90
4601.93.20
4602.12.23
5001.00.00
5004.00.00
5007.10.30
5102.11.90
7102.31.00
7103.91.00
7110.19.00
7110.39.00
7118.90.00
7202.11.10
7202.30.00

0106.19.30
0106.39.01
0410.10.00
0601.10.30
0601.10.90
0602.90.30
0603.12.70
0603.90.00
0604.90.60
1302.32.00
1515.90.21
2504.10.50
2519.10.00
2529.21.00
2530.90.10
2604.00.00
2609.00.00
2612.20.00
2615.90.30
2620.99.50
2805.19.10
2811.19.10
2816.10.00
2818.10.10
2821.10.00
2825.40.00
2825.90.30
2826.90.90
2827.59.51
2833.29.45
2834.29.51
2836.99.10
2846.10.00
2849.90.30
3301.29.10
3823.12.00
4001.22.00
4403.42.00
4407.23.01
4407.28.00
4409.22.05
4409.22.50
4412.31.06
4412.31.48
4412.41.00
4412.51.51
4412.91.41
4501.90.40
4503.10.40
4503.90.60
4504.10.40
4504.90.00
4601.29.40
4602.12.05
4602.12.25
5002.00.00
5005.00.00
5007.10.60
7101.10.30
7102.39.00
7103.99.10
7110.21.00
7110.41.00
7201.10.00
7202.11.50
7202.41.00

0106.19.91
0106.90.01
0501.00.00
0601.10.45
0601.20.90
0602.90.60
0603.14.00
0604.20.00
1212.94.00
1404.90.30
2101.30.00
2504.90.00
2519.90.10
2529.22.00
2530.90.20
2605.00.00
2610.00.00
2613.90.00
2615.90.60
2801.20.00
2805.19.90
2811.29.10
2816.40.10
2818.10.20
2821.20.00
2825.60.00
2825.90.90
2827.31.00
2833.24.00
2833.29.51
2836.60.00
2836.99.50
2846.90.80
3206.11.00
3301.30.00
3823.70.40
4001.29.00
4403.49.02
4407.25.00
4407.29.02
4409.22.10
4409.22.60
4412.31.26
4412.31.52
4412.51.10
4412.91.06
4412.91.51
4502.00.00
4503.10.60
4504.10.10
4504.10.45
4601.22.40
4601.93.01
4602.12.14
4602.12.35
5003.00.10
5006.00.10
5007.20.00
7101.10.60
7103.10.20
7103.99.50
7110.29.00
7110.49.00
7201.20.00
7202.19.10
7202.49.10

0106.20.00
0208.50.00
0510.00.40
0601.10.60
0602.10.00
0603.11.00
0603.15.00
0604.90.10
1302.19.21
1404.90.40
2102.20.60
2511.10.10
2519.90.20
2530.20.10
2530.90.80
2606.00.00
2611.00.30
2614.00.30
2616.10.00
2804.80.00
2805.30.00
2811.29.20
2816.40.20
2818.20.00
2822.00.00
2825.80.00
2826.12.00
2827.39.45
2833.27.00
2834.21.00
2836.91.00
2841.80.00
2849.20.10
3206.19.00
3606.90.30
4001.10.00
4001.30.00
4407.21.00
4407.26.00
4408.31.01
4409.22.25
4409.22.65
4412.31.42
4412.31.61
4412.51.31
4412.91.10
4501.10.00
4503.10.20
4503.90.20
4504.10.20
4504.10.47
4601.22.80
4601.93.05
4602.12.16
4602.12.45
5003.00.90
5006.00.90
5007.90.30
7102.10.00
7103.10.40
7110.11.00
7110.31.00
7112.92.01
7201.50.30
7202.19.50
7202.49.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 33

U.S. Notes (con.)

7202.50.00
7202.93.40
7501.10.00
7504.00.00
7901.20.00
8001.20.00
8103.20.00
8104.19.00
8105.20.30
8106.10.00
8110.10.00
8111.00.49
8112.41.50
8112.92.40
8112.99.91

7202.60.00
7202.93.80
7502.10.00
7901.11.00
7902.00.00
8002.00.00
8103.30.00
8104.20.00
8105.20.60
8106.90.00
8110.20.00
8112.21.00
8112.92.07
8112.92.60

7202.80.00
7204.21.00
7502.20.00
7901.12.10
7903.90.30
8101.10.00
8103.91.00
8104.30.00
8105.20.90
8108.20.00
8110.90.00
8112.22.00
8112.92.10
8112.92.65

7202.91.00
7205.10.00
7503.00.00
7901.12.50
8001.10.00
8101.97.00
8104.11.00
8104.90.00
8105.30.00
8108.30.00
8111.00.47
8112.41.10
8112.92.30
8112.99.10

XXII
99 - III - 34
U.S. Notes (con.)

(c)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

As provided in headings 9903.02.85 and 9903.02.90, the additional duties imposed by headings
9903.02.82–9903.02.83 and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to articles the product of Switzerland or
Liechtenstein, respectively, that are civil aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft and unmanned aircraft);
their engines, parts, and components; their other parts, components, and subassemblies; and ground flight
simulators and their parts and components, that otherwise meet the criteria of General Note 6 of HTSUS, and
are classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, but regardless of whether a product is entered under a
provision for which the rate of duty “Free (C)” appears in the “Special” sub-column: [Compiler's note: List for
2(v)(xxiv)(c) may appear or continue on a subsequent page.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 35

U.S. Notes (con.)

3917.21.00
3917.31.00
3926.90.45
4008.29.20
4009.42.00
4016.10.00
4017.00.00
4823.90.40
4823.90.70
6812.99.10
6813.81.00
7304.31.60
7304.49.00
7304.59.20
7304.90.30
7306.30.30
7306.50.10
7306.61.30
7306.69.30
7312.10.10
7312.10.60
7312.90.00
7326.20.00
8108.90.60
8302.42.30
8302.49.80
8407.10.00
8411.11.80
8411.21.80
8411.82.40
8411.99.90
8412.29.80
8412.80.90
8413.30.10
8413.70.10
8413.91.20
8414.30.40
8414.59.30
8414.80.20
8414.90.41
8415.81.01
8415.90.80
8418.61.01
8419.81.50
8419.90.30
8421.21.00
8421.32.00
8425.19.00
8425.49.00
8428.33.00
8443.32.10
8471.50.01
8471.60.80
8471.70.30
8471.70.90
8479.89.70
8479.90.55
8479.90.95
8483.30.40
8483.40.50
8483.50.40
8483.60.80
8483.90.50
8501.20.50
8501.31.81
8501.33.20

3917.22.00
3917.33.00
3926.90.94
4009.12.00
4011.30.00
4016.93.50
4823.90.10
4823.90.50
4823.90.80
6812.99.20
6813.89.00
7304.39.00
7304.51.10
7304.59.60
7304.90.50
7306.30.50
7306.50.30
7306.61.50
7306.69.50
7312.10.20
7312.10.70
7322.90.00
7413.00.90
8302.10.60
8302.42.60
8302.60.30
8408.90.90
8411.12.40
8411.22.40
8411.91.10
8412.10.00
8412.31.00
8412.90.90
8413.30.90
8413.70.20
8413.91.90
8414.30.80
8414.59.65
8414.80.90
8414.90.91
8415.82.01
8418.10.00
8418.69.01
8419.81.90
8419.90.50
8421.23.00
8421.39.01
8425.31.01
8426.99.00
8428.39.00
8443.32.50
8471.60.10
8471.60.90
8471.70.40
8479.89.10
8479.89.95
8479.90.65
8483.10.10
8483.30.80
8483.40.70
8483.50.60
8483.90.10
8483.90.80
8501.20.60
8501.32.20
8501.33.30

3917.23.00
3917.39.00
3926.90.96
4009.22.00
4012.13.00
4016.99.35
4823.90.20
4823.90.60
4823.90.86
6812.99.90
7007.21.11
7304.41.30
7304.51.50
7304.59.80
7304.90.70
7306.40.10
7306.50.50
7306.61.70
7306.69.70
7312.10.30
7312.10.80
7324.10.00
7608.10.00
8302.10.90
8302.49.40
8307.10.30
8409.10.00
8411.12.80
8411.22.80
8411.91.90
8412.21.00
8412.39.00
8413.19.00
8413.50.00
8413.81.00
8414.10.00
8414.51.30
8414.80.05
8414.90.10
8415.10.60
8415.83.00
8418.30.00
8419.50.10
8419.90.10
8419.90.85
8421.29.00
8424.10.00
8425.39.01
8428.10.00
8428.90.03
8471.41.01
8471.60.20
8471.70.10
8471.70.50
8479.89.20
8479.90.41
8479.90.75
8483.10.30
8483.40.10
8483.40.80
8483.50.90
8483.90.20
8484.10.00
8501.31.50
8501.32.55
8501.33.61

3917.29.00
3917.40.00
3926.90.99
4009.32.00
4012.20.10
4016.99.60
4823.90.31
4823.90.67
6812.80.90
6813.20.00
7304.31.30
7304.41.60
7304.59.10
7304.90.10
7306.30.10
7306.40.50
7306.61.10
7306.69.10
7312.10.05
7312.10.50
7312.10.90
7324.90.00
7608.20.00
8302.20.00
8302.49.60
8307.90.30
8411.11.40
8411.21.40
8411.81.40
8411.99.10
8412.29.40
8412.80.10
8413.20.00
8413.60.00
8413.91.10
8414.20.00
8414.51.90
8414.80.16
8414.90.30
8415.10.90
8415.90.40
8418.40.00
8419.50.50
8419.90.20
8421.19.00
8421.31.00
8425.11.00
8425.42.00
8428.20.00
8443.31.00
8471.49.00
8471.60.70
8471.70.20
8471.70.60
8479.89.65
8479.90.45
8479.90.85
8483.10.50
8483.40.30
8483.40.90
8483.60.40
8483.90.30
8484.90.00
8501.31.60
8501.32.61
8501.34.61

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 36
U.S. Notes (con.)

8501.40.50
8501.52.40
8501.61.01
8501.72.10
8501.80.10
8502.12.00
8502.39.00
8504.31.40
8504.40.40
8504.40.95
8507.20.80
8507.80.82
8511.20.00
8511.80.20
8516.80.40
8517.61.00
8518.10.40
8518.29.40
8518.40.10
8519.81.20
8519.89.10
8521.10.60
8522.90.45
8526.10.00
8528.42.00
8529.10.40
8529.90.06
8529.90.19
8529.90.33
8529.90.46
8529.90.68
8529.90.81
8529.90.89
8529.90.98
8531.80.90
8543.70.42
8543.70.91
8543.90.35
8543.90.88
8802.12.01
8805.29.00
8807.90.90
9001.90.80
9002.90.70
9014.10.60
9014.20.40
9014.90.20
9020.00.60
9025.19.80
9025.80.35
9026.10.20
9026.20.80
9026.90.20
9029.20.40
9030.20.10
9030.33.38
9030.89.01
9030.90.68
9031.80.80
9031.90.59
9032.20.00
9032.89.60
9033.00.90
9104.00.25
9104.00.50
9109.90.20

8501.40.60
8501.52.80
8501.62.01
8501.72.20
8501.80.20
8502.13.00
8502.40.00
8504.31.60
8504.40.60
8504.50.40
8507.30.80
8507.90.40
8511.30.00
8511.80.40
8516.80.80
8517.62.00
8518.10.80
8518.29.80
8518.40.20
8519.81.25
8519.89.20
8521.10.90
8522.90.58
8526.91.00
8528.52.00
8529.10.91
8529.90.09
8529.90.21
8529.90.36
8529.90.49
8529.90.73
8529.90.83
8529.90.93
8531.10.00
8536.70.00
8543.70.45
8543.70.95
8543.90.65
8544.30.00
8802.20.01
8807.10.00
9001.90.40
9001.90.90
9002.90.85
9014.10.70
9014.20.60
9014.90.40
9025.11.20
9025.80.10
9025.80.40
9026.10.40
9026.80.20
9026.90.40
9029.90.80
9030.31.00
9030.39.01
9030.90.25
9030.90.84
9031.90.21
9031.90.70
9032.81.00
9032.90.21
9104.00.05
9104.00.30
9104.00.60
9401.10.40

8501.51.50
8501.53.40
8501.63.01
8501.72.30
8501.80.30
8502.20.00
8504.10.00
8504.32.00
8504.40.70
8504.50.80
8507.50.00
8507.90.80
8511.40.00
8511.80.60
8517.13.00
8517.69.00
8518.21.00
8518.30.10
8518.50.00
8519.81.30
8519.89.30
8522.90.25
8522.90.65
8526.92.10
8528.62.00
8529.90.04
8529.90.13
8529.90.24
8529.90.39
8529.90.55
8529.90.77
8529.90.87
8529.90.95
8531.20.00
8539.10.00
8543.70.60
8543.90.12
8543.90.68
8801.00.00
8802.30.01
8807.20.00
9001.90.50
9002.90.20
9002.90.95
9014.10.90
9014.20.80
9014.90.60
9025.11.40
9025.80.15
9025.80.50
9026.10.60
9026.80.40
9026.90.60
9030.10.00
9030.32.00
9030.40.00
9030.90.46
9030.90.89
9031.90.45
9031.90.91
9032.89.20
9032.90.41
9104.00.10
9104.00.40
9109.10.50
9401.10.80

8501.51.60
8501.53.60
8501.71.00
8501.72.90
8502.11.00
8502.31.00
8504.31.20
8504.33.00
8504.40.85
8507.10.00
8507.60.00
8511.10.00
8511.50.00
8514.20.40
8517.14.00
8517.71.00
8518.22.00
8518.30.20
8519.81.10
8519.81.41
8521.10.30
8522.90.36
8522.90.80
8526.92.50
8529.10.21
8529.90.05
8529.90.16
8529.90.29
8529.90.43
8529.90.63
8529.90.78
8529.90.88
8529.90.97
8531.80.15
8539.51.00
8543.70.80
8543.90.15
8543.90.85
8802.11.01
8802.40.01
8807.30.00
9001.90.60
9002.90.40
9014.10.10
9014.20.20
9014.90.10
9020.00.40
9025.19.40
9025.80.20
9025.90.06
9026.20.40
9026.80.60
9029.10.80
9030.20.05
9030.33.34
9030.84.00
9030.90.66
9031.80.40
9031.90.54
9032.10.00
9032.89.40
9032.90.61
9104.00.20
9104.00.45
9109.10.60
9403.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 37

U.S. Notes (con.)

9403.70.40
9405.11.80
9405.61.20
9405.69.40
9405.99.40
9802.00.50
9818.00.07

9403.70.80
9405.19.40
9405.61.40
9405.69.60
9620.00.50
9802.00.60

9405.11.40
9405.19.60
9405.61.60
9405.92.00
9620.00.60
9802.00.80

9405.11.60
9405.19.80
9405.69.20
9405.99.20
9802.00.40
9818.00.05

XXII
99 - III - 38
U.S. Notes (con.)

(d)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

As provided in headings 9903.02.86 and 9903.02.91, the additional duties imposed by headings
9903.02.82–9903.02.83 and 9903.02.87–9903.02.88 shall not apply to articles the product of Switzerland or
Liechtenstein, respectively, that are not patented in the United States for use in pharmaceutical applications, and
are classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, but regardless of whether a product is entered under a
provision for which the rate of duty “Free (K)” appears in the “Special” sub-column: [Compiler's note: List for
2(v)(xxiv)(d) may appear or continue on a subsequent page.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 39

U.S. Notes (con.)

2804.10.00
2805.19.20
2811.12.00
2814.10.00
2815.20.00
2827.39.65
2832.10.00
2833.21.00
2835.24.00
2837.20.51
2843.29.01
2844.42.00
2845.30.00
2847.00.00
2853.90.50
2902.90.30
2903.41.10
2903.45.10
2903.49.00
2903.69.10
2903.78.00
2903.89.20
2903.94.00
2904.10.50
2904.20.30
2904.20.50
2904.99.20
2904.99.47
2905.13.00
2905.22.20
2905.32.00
2905.51.00
2906.19.50
2907.19.20
2908.19.10
2908.99.15
2909.19.60
2909.49.05
2909.49.60
2909.50.50
2910.50.00
2911.00.10
2912.49.26
2914.29.30
2914.40.90
2914.62.00
2914.79.10
2915.21.00
2915.32.00
2915.39.35
2915.39.70
2915.40.30
2915.90.14
2916.16.00
2916.31.30
2916.39.46
2917.19.15
2917.19.27
2917.19.70
2917.39.30
2918.14.00
2918.19.20
2918.21.10
2918.23.30
2918.29.65
2918.30.25

2804.29.00
2806.10.00
2811.22.50
2814.20.00
2815.30.00
2827.39.90
2832.30.10
2833.22.00
2836.20.00
2841.90.40
2843.30.00
2844.43.00
2845.90.01
2850.00.50
2853.90.90
2903.12.00
2903.42.10
2903.46.10
2903.51.10
2903.69.90
2903.79.90
2903.89.70
2903.99.20
2904.20.10
2904.20.35
2904.99.04
2904.99.30
2904.99.50
2905.19.10
2905.22.50
2905.39.90
2905.59.10
2906.29.60
2907.19.40
2908.19.35
2908.99.25
2909.20.00
2909.49.10
2909.50.20
2910.10.00
2910.90.10
2911.00.50
2912.60.00
2914.29.50
2914.50.10
2914.69.21
2914.79.40
2915.24.00
2915.36.00
2915.39.40
2915.39.90
2915.40.50
2915.90.18
2916.19.30
2916.31.50
2916.39.79
2917.19.17
2917.19.30
2917.20.00
2918.11.51
2918.16.50
2918.19.31
2918.22.10
2918.23.50
2918.29.75
2918.30.30

2804.30.00
2807.00.00
2812.12.00
2815.11.00
2825.10.00
2827.60.20
2833.11.50
2834.10.10
2836.30.00
2842.10.00
2843.90.00
2844.44.00
2846.90.20
2853.10.00
2901.10.40
2903.13.00
2903.43.10
2903.47.10
2903.59.10
2903.71.01
2903.81.00
2903.92.00
2903.99.80
2904.20.15
2904.20.40
2904.99.08
2904.99.35
2905.11.20
2905.19.90
2905.29.90
2905.49.20
2905.59.90
2907.11.00
2907.19.80
2908.19.60
2909.11.00
2909.30.40
2909.49.15
2909.50.40
2910.30.00
2910.90.20
2912.19.50
2914.11.10
2914.39.90
2914.50.30
2914.69.90
2914.79.60
2915.29.30
2915.39.10
2915.39.45
2915.40.10
2915.50.20
2915.90.20
2916.19.50
2916.39.15
2917.13.00
2917.19.20
2917.19.35
2917.34.01
2918.12.00
2918.18.00
2918.19.60
2918.22.50
2918.29.20
2918.30.10
2918.30.70

2804.50.00
2809.20.00
2812.19.00
2815.12.00
2825.20.00
2827.60.51
2833.19.00
2835.22.00
2836.40.20
2842.90.90
2844.41.00
2845.20.00
2846.90.40
2853.90.10
2902.19.00
2903.22.00
2903.44.10
2903.48.00
2903.59.90
2903.77.00
2903.89.15
2903.93.00
2904.10.32
2904.20.20
2904.20.45
2904.99.15
2904.99.40
2905.12.00
2905.22.10
2905.31.00
2905.49.50
2906.11.00
2907.19.10
2907.29.90
2908.99.12
2909.19.18
2909.30.60
2909.49.20
2909.50.45
2910.40.00
2910.90.91
2912.29.60
2914.19.00
2914.40.40
2914.50.50
2914.71.00
2914.79.90
2915.29.50
2915.39.31
2915.39.47
2915.40.20
2915.90.10
2915.90.50
2916.20.50
2916.39.17
2917.19.10
2917.19.23
2917.19.40
2917.37.00
2918.13.50
2918.19.15
2918.19.90
2918.23.10
2918.29.22
2918.30.15
2918.30.90

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 40
U.S. Notes (con.)

2918.99.05
2918.99.50
2920.19.40
2920.23.00
2920.90.20
2921.19.11
2921.30.30
2921.42.65
2921.45.90
2921.49.45
2922.11.00
2922.16.00
2922.19.20
2922.19.90
2922.21.40
2922.29.08
2922.29.20
2922.29.61
2922.39.10
2922.39.45
2922.42.50
2922.49.05
2922.49.37
2922.49.80
2922.50.13
2922.50.25
2923.10.00
2923.40.00
2924.19.11
2924.21.45
2924.24.00
2924.29.05
2924.29.28
2924.29.65
2924.29.95
2925.21.00
2925.29.60
2926.40.00
2926.90.50
2928.00.15
2929.90.05
2930.10.01
2930.40.00
2930.90.49
2931.43.00
2931.47.00
2931.52.00
2931.90.22
2932.11.00
2932.20.05
2932.20.45
2932.99.08
2932.99.39
2932.99.90
2933.19.37
2933.21.00
2933.29.35
2933.29.90
2933.35.00
2933.39.10
2933.39.25
2933.39.61
2933.49.26
2933.54.00
2933.59.18
2933.59.46

2918.99.30
2919.10.00
2920.19.50
2920.24.00
2920.90.51
2921.19.61
2921.30.50
2921.42.90
2921.46.00
2921.49.50
2922.12.00
2922.17.00
2922.19.33
2922.19.96
2922.21.50
2922.29.10
2922.29.26
2922.29.81
2922.39.14
2922.39.50
2922.43.10
2922.49.10
2922.49.43
2922.50.07
2922.50.14
2922.50.35
2923.20.10
2923.90.01
2924.19.80
2924.21.50
2924.25.00
2924.29.10
2924.29.33
2924.29.71
2925.12.00
2925.29.10
2925.29.70
2926.90.14
2927.00.40
2928.00.25
2929.90.15
2930.20.20
2930.60.00
2930.90.92
2931.44.00
2931.48.00
2931.53.00
2931.90.30
2932.14.00
2932.20.20
2932.20.50
2932.99.21
2932.99.55
2933.11.00
2933.19.43
2933.29.05
2933.29.43
2933.31.00
2933.36.00
2933.39.20
2933.39.27
2933.39.92
2933.49.60
2933.55.00
2933.59.21
2933.59.53

2918.99.43
2919.90.30
2920.21.00
2920.29.00
2921.11.00
2921.29.00
2921.41.10
2921.43.40
2921.49.38
2921.59.40
2922.14.00
2922.18.00
2922.19.60
2922.21.10
2922.29.03
2922.29.13
2922.29.27
2922.31.00
2922.39.17
2922.41.00
2922.43.50
2922.49.26
2922.49.49
2922.50.10
2922.50.17
2922.50.40
2923.20.20
2924.11.00
2924.21.16
2924.23.70
2924.29.01
2924.29.23
2924.29.57
2924.29.77
2925.19.42
2925.29.18
2925.29.90
2926.90.43
2927.00.50
2928.00.30
2929.90.20
2930.20.90
2930.70.00
2931.41.00
2931.45.00
2931.49.00
2931.54.00
2931.90.60
2932.19.10
2932.20.25
2932.95.00
2932.99.32
2932.99.61
2933.19.08
2933.19.45
2933.29.10
2933.29.45
2933.33.01
2933.37.00
2933.39.21
2933.39.31
2933.41.00
2933.49.70
2933.59.10
2933.59.22
2933.59.59

2918.99.47
2919.90.50
2920.22.00
2920.30.00
2921.14.00
2921.30.10
2921.41.20
2921.45.60
2921.49.43
2921.59.80
2922.15.00
2922.19.09
2922.19.70
2922.21.25
2922.29.06
2922.29.15
2922.29.29
2922.39.05
2922.39.25
2922.42.10
2922.44.00
2922.49.30
2922.49.60
2922.50.11
2922.50.19
2922.50.50
2923.30.00
2924.12.00
2924.21.20
2924.23.75
2924.29.03
2924.29.26
2924.29.62
2924.29.80
2925.19.91
2925.29.20
2926.30.10
2926.90.48
2928.00.10
2928.00.50
2929.90.50
2930.30.60
2930.90.29
2931.42.00
2931.46.00
2931.51.00
2931.59.00
2931.90.90
2932.19.51
2932.20.30
2932.99.04
2932.99.35
2932.99.70
2933.19.35
2933.19.90
2933.29.20
2933.29.60
2933.34.00
2933.39.08
2933.39.23
2933.39.41
2933.49.20
2933.53.00
2933.59.15
2933.59.36
2933.59.70

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 41

U.S. Notes (con.)

2933.59.80
2933.69.60
2933.79.15
2933.79.85
2933.99.05
2933.99.12
2933.99.22
2933.99.46
2933.99.58
2933.99.75
2933.99.89
2934.10.20
2934.20.80
2934.30.43
2934.99.01
2934.99.07
2934.99.12
2934.99.20
2934.99.47
2935.90.29
2935.90.42
2935.90.95
2936.24.01
2936.28.00
2936.29.50
2937.19.00
2937.23.25
2937.50.00
2937.90.40
2938.90.00
2939.19.50
2939.42.00
2939.49.03
2939.62.00
2939.79.00
2941.10.20
2941.30.00
2941.90.30
2942.00.10
3001.90.01
3002.15.00
3002.51.00
3003.10.00
3003.39.50
3003.49.00
3004.10.50
3004.39.00
3004.49.00
3004.50.40
3004.90.92
3006.70.00
3006.93.50
3204.13.60
3401.30.10
3402.50.11
3808.59.50
3812.31.00
3824.81.00
3824.84.00
3824.88.00
3824.99.25
3824.99.55
3827.40.00
3905.91.10
3907.10.00
3908.90.20

2933.59.85
2933.72.00
2933.79.20
2933.91.00
2933.99.06
2933.99.14
2933.99.24
2933.99.51
2933.99.61
2933.99.79
2933.99.90
2934.10.70
2934.30.18
2934.30.50
2934.99.03
2934.99.08
2934.99.15
2934.99.30
2934.99.70
2935.90.30
2935.90.48
2936.21.00
2936.25.00
2936.29.10
2936.90.01
2937.21.00
2937.23.50
2937.90.05
2937.90.45
2939.11.00
2939.20.00
2939.43.00
2939.51.00
2939.63.00
2939.80.00
2941.10.30
2941.40.00
2941.90.50
2942.00.35
3002.12.00
3002.41.00
3002.59.00
3003.20.00
3003.41.00
3003.60.00
3004.20.00
3004.41.00
3004.50.10
3004.50.50
3006.30.10
3006.92.00
3006.93.60
3204.13.80
3402.42.10
3507.90.70
3808.61.50
3815.11.00
3824.82.10
3824.85.00
3824.89.00
3824.99.29
3826.00.30
3901.90.90
3905.91.50
3907.21.00
3909.10.00

2933.59.95
2933.79.04
2933.79.30
2933.99.01
2933.99.08
2933.99.16
2933.99.26
2933.99.53
2933.99.65
2933.99.82
2933.99.97
2934.10.90
2934.30.23
2934.91.00
2934.99.05
2934.99.09
2934.99.16
2934.99.39
2934.99.90
2935.90.32
2935.90.60
2936.22.00
2936.26.00
2936.29.16
2937.11.00
2937.22.00
2937.29.10
2937.90.10
2937.90.90
2939.19.10
2939.30.00
2939.44.00
2939.59.00
2939.69.00
2940.00.60
2941.10.50
2941.50.00
2942.00.03
2942.00.50
3002.13.00
3002.42.00
3002.90.10
3003.31.00
3003.42.00
3003.90.01
3004.31.00
3004.42.00
3004.50.20
3004.60.00
3006.30.50
3006.93.10
3006.93.80
3204.18.00
3402.42.20
3802.10.00
3808.94.10
3815.12.00
3824.82.90
3824.86.00
3824.91.00
3824.99.49
3827.13.00
3902.90.00
3905.99.80
3907.70.00
3909.40.00

2933.69.50
2933.79.08
2933.79.40
2933.99.02
2933.99.11
2933.99.17
2933.99.42
2933.99.55
2933.99.70
2933.99.85
2934.10.10
2934.20.40
2934.30.27
2934.92.00
2934.99.06
2934.99.11
2934.99.18
2934.99.44
2935.90.06
2935.90.33
2935.90.75
2936.23.00
2936.27.00
2936.29.20
2937.12.00
2937.23.10
2937.29.90
2937.90.20
2938.10.00
2939.19.20
2939.41.00
2939.45.00
2939.61.00
2939.72.00
2941.10.10
2941.20.50
2941.90.10
2942.00.05
3001.20.00
3002.14.00
3002.49.00
3002.90.52
3003.39.10
3003.43.00
3004.10.10
3004.32.00
3004.43.00
3004.50.30
3004.90.10
3006.60.00
3006.93.20
3203.00.80
3204.90.00
3402.42.90
3808.59.40
3808.94.50
3815.90.50
3824.83.00
3824.87.00
3824.92.00
3824.99.50
3827.14.00
3904.61.00
3906.90.50
3908.10.00
3911.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 42
U.S. Notes (con.)

3911.90.25
3912.31.00
3913.90.50
7907.00.60

3911.90.45
3912.39.00
3914.00.20
8007.00.50

3911.90.91
3912.90.00
3914.00.60
8112.59.00

3912.20.00
3913.90.20
7508.90.50

Products of China and Hong Kong are not eligible for the administrative exemption from duty and certain taxes at 19
U.S.C.1321(a)(2)(C)-known as the ‘‘de minimis’’ exemption.

Except as provided in headings 9903.01.78–9903.01.83 and 9903.01.90, and in subdivisions (x)(ii) through (x)(xv) of
this note, and other than products for personal use included in accompanied baggage of persons arriving in the United
States, heading 9903.01.77 imposes an additional ad valorem rate of duty on imports of all products of Brazil.
Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products that are subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty
imposed by this heading shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed under subheadings in chapters 1
to 97 of the tariff schedule. Except as provided in subdivisions (x)(ii) through (x)(xv) of this note, all products that are
subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by this heading shall also be subject to any additional duty
provided for in this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99. Products that are eligible for special tariff treatment
under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, with the exception of products covered by the World Trade Organization
Agreement on Trade in Civil Aircraft, or that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter
II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by this heading.

The additional duty imposed by this heading shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a provision
of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection ("CBP"),
and whenever CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered under heading
9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed, as described in the
applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article assembled abroad,
less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described.

Products that are provided for in heading 9903.01.77 shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing, or other
duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional ad valorem rate of
duty imposed by this heading.

Heading 9903.01.79 covers only products that are donations, by persons subject to the jurisdiction of the United
States, of articles, such as food, clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve human suffering, except to the
extent that the President determines that such donations (A) would seriously impair his ability to deal with any national
emergency declared under section 1701 of title 19 of the U.S. Code, (B) are in response to coercion against the
proposed recipient or donor, or (C) would endanger Armed Forces of the United States which are engaged in hostilities
or are in a situation where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances.

(w)

(x)

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 43

U.S. Notes (con.)

(a)

As provided in heading 9903.01.81, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to
products classified in the following provisions of the HTSUS:[Compiler's note: List may appear or continue
on a subsequent page; read numbers from left to right.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 44
U.S. Notes (con.)

0201.10.05
0201.20.06
0201.30.02
0201.30.50
0202.20.02
0202.20.50
0202.30.10
0206.21.00
0702.00.40
0711.90.30
0713.34.40
0714.40.50
0714.90.42
0801.11.00
0801.31.00
0802.62.00
0802.91.10
0803.10.20
0804.40.00
0805.50.30
0810.50.00
0811.90.25
0812.90.40
0901.90.10
0902.20.90
0904.12.00
0904.22.20
0905.10.00
0907.10.00
0908.22.20
0909.22.00
0910.11.00
0910.99.07
0910.99.60
1106.20.90
1207.91.00
1602.50.05
1602.50.90
1804.00.00
2005.91.60
2008.20.00
2008.99.40
2009.12.45
2101.12.90
2525.10.00
2701.12.00
2703.00.00
2707.20.00
2707.99.10
2707.99.59
2709.00.20
2710.12.90
2710.19.25
2710.19.45
2710.20.25
2710.99.21
2710.99.90
2711.19.00
2712.90.10
2713.90.00
2804.69.10
2827.39.25
3101.00.00
3102.40.00
3103.11.00
3104.90.01

0201.10.10
0201.20.10
0201.30.04
0201.30.80
0202.20.04
0202.20.80
0202.30.30
0206.22.00
0702.00.60
0712.32.00
0714.10.10
0714.40.60
0714.90.44
0801.12.00
0801.32.00
0802.70.10
0802.91.90
0803.90.00
0804.50.40
0805.50.40
0810.60.00
0811.90.30
0901.11.00
0901.90.20
0902.30.00
0904.21.20
0904.22.40
0905.20.00
0907.20.00
0908.22.40
0909.31.00
0910.12.00
0910.99.10
1003.90.40
1106.30.20
1513.11.00
1602.50.07
1801.00.00
1805.00.00
2006.00.40
2008.30.35
2008.99.45
2009.19.00
2101.20.20
2601.11.00
2701.19.00
2704.00.00
2707.30.00
2707.99.20
2707.99.90
2710.12.15
2710.19.06
2710.19.26
2710.19.90
2710.91.00
2710.99.31
2711.11.00
2711.21.00
2712.90.20
2714.10.00
2804.69.50
2903.19.05
3102.10.00
3102.50.00
3103.19.00
3105.10.00

0201.10.50
0201.20.30
0201.30.06
0202.10.05
0202.20.06
0202.30.02
0202.30.50
0206.29.00
0709.99.05
0712.34.10
0714.10.20
0714.50.10
0714.90.46
0801.19.01
0802.41.00
0802.70.20
0802.92.10
0804.30.20
0804.50.60
0807.20.00
0810.90.27
0811.90.40
0901.12.00
0902.10.10
0902.40.00
0904.21.40
0904.22.73
0906.11.00
0908.11.00
0908.31.00
0909.32.00
0910.20.00
0910.99.20
1008.30.00
1108.14.00
1513.19.00
1602.50.08
1802.00.00
1903.00.20
2007.99.40
2008.91.00
2008.99.91
2009.39.20
2106.90.48
2601.12.00
2701.20.00
2705.00.00
2707.40.00
2707.99.40
2708.10.00
2710.12.18
2710.19.11
2710.19.30
2710.20.05
2710.99.05
2710.99.32
2711.12.00
2711.29.00
2713.11.00
2714.90.00
2815.20.00
2903.19.10
3102.21.00
3102.60.00
3103.90.01
3105.20.00

0201.20.02
0201.20.50
0201.30.10
0202.10.10
0202.20.10
0202.30.04
0202.30.80
0210.20.00
0709.99.10
0712.34.20
0714.40.10
0714.50.20
0714.90.48
0801.21.00
0802.42.00
0802.80.10
0802.92.90
0804.30.40
0804.50.80
0808.40.20
0810.90.46
0811.90.50
0901.21.00
0902.10.90
0903.00.00
0904.21.60
0904.22.76
0906.19.00
0908.12.00
0908.32.00
0909.61.00
0910.30.00
0910.99.40
1008.40.00
1108.19.00
1521.10.00
1602.50.21
1803.10.00
1903.00.40
2007.99.50
2008.99.13
2009.11.00
2009.49.40
2202.99.30
2609.00.00
2702.10.00
2706.00.00
2707.50.00
2707.99.51
2708.20.00
2710.12.25
2710.19.16
2710.19.35
2710.20.10
2710.99.10
2710.99.39
2711.13.00
2712.10.00
2713.12.00
2715.00.00
2818.20.00
2903.19.30
3102.29.00
3102.80.00
3104.20.00
3105.30.00

0201.20.04
0201.20.80
0201.30.30
0202.10.50
0202.20.30
0202.30.06
0206.10.00
0702.00.20
0710.80.15
0713.34.20
0714.40.20
0714.50.60
0714.90.61
0801.22.00
0802.61.00
0802.80.20
0803.10.10
0804.30.60
0805.10.00
0808.40.40
0811.90.10
0811.90.52
0901.22.00
0902.20.10
0904.11.00
0904.21.80
0904.22.80
0906.20.00
0908.21.00
0909.21.00
0909.62.00
0910.91.00
0910.99.50
1008.60.00
1203.00.00
1521.90.20
1602.50.60
1803.20.00
2001.90.45
2008.19.15
2008.99.15
2009.12.25
2101.11.29
2202.99.35
2701.11.00
2702.20.00
2707.10.00
2707.91.00
2707.99.55
2709.00.10
2710.12.45
2710.19.24
2710.19.40
2710.20.15
2710.99.16
2710.99.45
2711.14.00
2712.20.00
2713.20.00
2716.00.00
2825.90.20
2903.19.60
3102.30.00
3102.90.01
3104.30.00
3105.40.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 45

U.S. Notes (con.)

3105.51.00
3301.90.50
4703.21.00
4704.29.00
4706.91.00
7106.91.10
7201.50.60
7203.90.00

3105.59.00
4407.29.02
4703.29.00
4705.00.00
4706.92.01
7108.12.10
7202.60.00
8002.00.00

3105.60.00
4702.00.00
4704.11.00
4706.10.00
4706.93.01
7201.10.00
7202.93.40

3105.90.00
4703.11.00
4704.19.00
4706.20.00
5607.21.00
7201.20.00
7202.93.80

3301.12.00
4703.19.00
4704.21.00
4706.30.00
6802.99.00
7201.50.30
7203.10.00

(b)

As provided in heading 9903.01.90, the additional duty imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to the
following particular articles the product of Brazil:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Etrogs (classifiable in subheading 0805.90.01)

Tropical fruit, nesoi, frozen, whether or not previously steamed or boiled (classifiable in subheading 0811.90.80)

Date palm branches, Myrtus branches or other vegetable material, for religious purposes only (classifiable
in subheading 1404.90.90)

Bread, pastry, cakes, biscuits and similar baked products, nesoi, and puddings, whether or not containing
chocolate, fruit, nuts or confectionery, for religious purposes only (classifiable in subheading 1905.90.10)

Bakers’ wares, communion wafers, sealing wafers, rice paper and similar products, nesoi, for religious purposes
only (classifiable in subheading 1905.90.90)

Acai (classifiable in subheading 2008.99.21)

Citrus juice of any single citrus fruit (other than orange, grapefruit or lime), of a Brix value not exceeding 20,
concentrated, unfermented, except for lemon juice (classifiable in subheading 2009.31.60)

Coconut water or juice of acai (classifiable in subheading 2009.89.70)

Coconut water juice blends, not from concentrate, packaged for retail sale (classifiable in subheading
2009.90.40)

(10)

Acai preparations for the manufacture of beverages (classifiable in subheading 2106.90.99)

(11)

Essential oils other than those of citrus fruit, nesoi, for religious purposes only (classifiable in subheading
3301.29.51)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 46
U.S. Notes (con.)

(iv)

As provided in heading 9903.01.82, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to articles
of civil aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft); their engines, parts, and components; their other parts,
components, and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators and their parts and components of Brazil, that otherwise
meet the criteria of general note 6 to the tariff schedule, and classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, but
regardless of whether a product is entered under a provision for which the rate of duty "Free (C)" appears in the
"Special" subcolumn:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 47

U.S. Notes (con.)

3917.21.00
3917.33.00
3926.90.96
4009.32.00
4016.10.00
4504.90.00
4823.90.50
4823.90.86
6813.20.00
7304.31.60
7304.51.10
7304.59.80
7306.30.10
7306.50.10
7306.61.50
7306.69.70
7312.10.50
7312.90.00
7413.00.90
8302.10.90
8302.49.60
8407.10.00
8411.12.40
8411.22.80
8411.99.10
8412.29.80
8412.90.90
8413.50.00
8413.91.10
8414.30.40
8414.59.65
8414.90.10
8415.10.90
8415.90.80
8418.69.01
8419.90.10
8421.19.00
8421.32.00
8425.31.01
8428.10.00
8443.31.00
8471.50.01
8471.60.90
8471.70.50
8479.89.65
8479.90.55
8483.10.10
8483.40.10
8483.40.90
8483.60.80
8483.90.80
8501.31.50
8501.32.61
8501.40.50
8501.52.80
8501.63.01
8501.72.90
8502.12.00
8502.40.00
8504.32.00
8504.40.85
8507.20.80
8507.90.40
8511.40.00
8514.20.40
8517.61.00

3917.22.00
3917.39.00
3926.90.99
4009.42.00
4016.93.50
4823.90.10
4823.90.60
6812.80.90
6813.81.00
7304.39.00
7304.51.50
7304.90.10
7306.30.30
7306.50.30
7306.61.70
7312.10.05
7312.10.60
7322.90.00
7608.10.00
8302.20.00
8302.49.80
8408.90.90
8411.12.80
8411.81.40
8411.99.90
8412.31.00
8413.19.00
8413.60.00
8413.91.20
8414.30.80
8414.80.05
8414.90.30
8415.81.01
8418.10.00
8419.50.10
8419.90.20
8421.21.00
8421.39.01
8425.39.01
8428.20.00
8443.32.10
8471.60.10
8471.70.10
8471.70.60
8479.89.70
8479.90.65
8483.10.30
8483.40.30
8483.50.40
8483.90.10
8484.10.00
8501.31.60
8501.33.20
8501.40.60
8501.53.40
8501.71.00
8501.80.10
8502.13.00
8504.10.00
8504.33.00
8504.40.95
8507.30.80
8507.90.80
8511.50.00
8516.80.40
8517.62.00

3917.23.00
3917.40.00
4008.29.20
4011.30.00
4016.99.35
4823.90.20
4823.90.67
6812.99.10
6813.89.00
7304.41.30
7304.59.10
7304.90.30
7306.30.50
7306.50.50
7306.69.10
7312.10.10
7312.10.70
7324.10.00
7608.20.00
8302.42.30
8302.60.30
8409.10.00
8411.21.40
8411.82.40
8412.10.00
8412.39.00
8413.20.00
8413.70.10
8413.91.90
8414.51.30
8414.80.16
8414.90.41
8415.82.01
8418.30.00
8419.50.50
8419.90.30
8421.23.00
8424.10.00
8425.42.00
8428.33.00
8443.32.50
8471.60.20
8471.70.20
8471.70.90
8479.89.95
8479.90.75
8483.10.50
8483.40.50
8483.50.60
8483.90.20
8484.90.00
8501.31.81
8501.33.30
8501.51.50
8501.53.60
8501.72.10
8501.80.20
8502.20.00
8504.31.20
8504.40.40
8504.50.40
8507.50.00
8511.10.00
8511.80.20
8516.80.80
8517.69.00

3917.29.00
3926.90.45
4009.12.00
4012.13.00
4016.99.60
4823.90.31
4823.90.70
6812.99.20
7007.21.11
7304.41.60
7304.59.20
7304.90.50
7306.40.10
7306.61.10
7306.69.30
7312.10.20
7312.10.80
7324.90.00
8108.90.60
8302.42.60
8307.10.30
8411.11.40
8411.21.80
8411.91.10
8412.21.00
8412.80.10
8413.30.10
8413.70.20
8414.10.00
8414.51.90
8414.80.20
8414.90.91
8415.83.00
8418.40.00
8419.81.50
8419.90.50
8421.29.00
8425.11.00
8425.49.00
8428.39.00
8471.41.01
8471.60.70
8471.70.30
8479.89.10
8479.90.41
8479.90.85
8483.30.40
8483.40.70
8483.50.90
8483.90.30
8501.20.50
8501.32.20
8501.33.61
8501.51.60
8501.61.01
8501.72.20
8501.80.30
8502.31.00
8504.31.40
8504.40.60
8504.50.80
8507.60.00
8511.20.00
8511.80.40
8517.13.00
8517.71.00

3917.31.00
3926.90.94
4009.22.00
4012.20.10
4017.00.00
4823.90.40
4823.90.80
6812.99.90
7304.31.30
7304.49.00
7304.59.60
7304.90.70
7306.40.50
7306.61.30
7306.69.50
7312.10.30
7312.10.90
7326.20.00
8302.10.60
8302.49.40
8307.90.30
8411.11.80
8411.22.40
8411.91.90
8412.29.40
8412.80.90
8413.30.90
8413.81.00
8414.20.00
8414.59.30
8414.80.90
8415.10.60
8415.90.40
8418.61.01
8419.81.90
8419.90.85
8421.31.00
8425.19.00
8426.99.00
8428.90.03
8471.49.00
8471.60.80
8471.70.40
8479.89.20
8479.90.45
8479.90.95
8483.30.80
8483.40.80
8483.60.40
8483.90.50
8501.20.60
8501.32.55
8501.34.61
8501.52.40
8501.62.01
8501.72.30
8502.11.00
8502.39.00
8504.31.60
8504.40.70
8507.10.00
8507.80.82
8511.30.00
8511.80.60
8517.14.00
8518.10.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 48
U.S. Notes (con.)

8518.10.80
8518.30.10
8519.81.10
8519.89.10
8521.10.90
8522.90.65
8526.92.50
8529.10.40
8529.90.09
8529.90.24
8529.90.43
8529.90.68
8529.90.83
8529.90.95
8531.80.15
8543.70.42
8543.70.95
8543.90.68
8802.11.01
8805.29.00
8806.24.00
8806.94.00
8807.90.90
9001.90.90
9002.90.95
9014.20.20
9014.90.20
9025.11.20
9025.80.15
9025.90.06
9026.20.80
9026.90.40
9030.10.00
9030.33.34
9030.89.01
9030.90.84
9031.90.45
9032.10.00
9032.89.60
9104.00.05
9104.00.40
9109.10.60
9403.70.40
9405.19.40
9405.61.60
9405.99.20
9802.00.50

8518.21.00
8518.30.20
8519.81.20
8519.89.20
8522.90.25
8522.90.80
8528.42.00
8529.10.91
8529.90.13
8529.90.29
8529.90.46
8529.90.73
8529.90.87
8529.90.97
8531.80.90
8543.70.45
8543.90.12
8543.90.85
8802.12.01
8806.10.00
8806.29.00
8806.99.00
9001.90.40
9002.90.20
9014.10.10
9014.20.40
9014.90.40
9025.11.40
9025.80.20
9026.10.20
9026.80.20
9026.90.60
9030.20.05
9030.33.38
9030.90.25
9030.90.89
9031.90.54
9032.20.00
9032.90.21
9104.00.10
9104.00.45
9109.90.20
9403.70.80
9405.19.60
9405.69.20
9405.99.40
9802.00.60

8518.22.00
8518.40.10
8519.81.25
8519.89.30
8522.90.36
8526.10.00
8528.52.00
8529.90.04
8529.90.16
8529.90.33
8529.90.49
8529.90.77
8529.90.88
8529.90.98
8536.70.00
8543.70.60
8543.90.15
8543.90.88
8802.20.01
8806.21.00
8806.91.00
8807.10.00
9001.90.50
9002.90.40
9014.10.60
9014.20.60
9014.90.60
9025.19.40
9025.80.35
9026.10.40
9026.80.40
9029.10.80
9030.20.10
9030.39.01
9030.90.46
9031.80.40
9031.90.59
9032.81.00
9032.90.41
9104.00.20
9104.00.50
9401.10.40
9405.11.40
9405.19.80
9405.69.40
9620.00.50
9802.00.80

8518.29.40
8518.40.20
8519.81.30
8521.10.30
8522.90.45
8526.91.00
8528.62.00
8529.90.05
8529.90.19
8529.90.36
8529.90.55
8529.90.78
8529.90.89
8531.10.00
8539.10.00
8543.70.80
8543.90.35
8544.30.00
8802.30.01
8806.22.00
8806.92.00
8807.20.00
9001.90.60
9002.90.70
9014.10.70
9014.20.80
9020.00.40
9025.19.80
9025.80.40
9026.10.60
9026.80.60
9029.20.40
9030.31.00
9030.40.00
9030.90.66
9031.80.80
9031.90.70
9032.89.20
9032.90.61
9104.00.25
9104.00.60
9401.10.80
9405.11.60
9405.61.20
9405.69.60
9620.00.60
9818.00.05

8518.29.80
8518.50.00
8519.81.41
8521.10.60
8522.90.58
8526.92.10
8529.10.21
8529.90.06
8529.90.21
8529.90.39
8529.90.63
8529.90.81
8529.90.93
8531.20.00
8539.51.00
8543.70.91
8543.90.65
8801.00.00
8802.40.01
8806.23.00
8806.93.00
8807.30.00
9001.90.80
9002.90.85
9014.10.90
9014.90.10
9020.00.60
9025.80.10
9025.80.50
9026.20.40
9026.90.20
9029.90.80
9030.32.00
9030.84.00
9030.90.68
9031.90.21
9031.90.91
9032.89.40
9033.00.90
9104.00.30
9109.10.50
9403.20.00
9405.11.80
9405.61.40
9405.92.00
9802.00.40
9818.00.07

(v)

(vi)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to products of iron or steel provided for in
headings 9903.81.87 and 9903.81.88.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to derivative iron or steel products provided for
in headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, 9903.81.91, 9903.81.92 and 9903.81.93.

(vii)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to products of aluminum provided for in heading
9903.85.02.

(viii)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to derivative aluminum products provided for in
headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07, 9903.85.08 and 9903.85.09.

(ix)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility
vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and light trucks provided for in headings 9903.94.01
and 9903.94.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 49

U.S. Notes (con.)

(x)

(xi)

(xii)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to parts of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport
utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and parts of light trucks provided for in headings
9903.94.05 and 9903.94.07.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to semi-finished copper and intensive copper
derivative products provided for in heading 9903.78.01.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall apply to wood products provided for in heading 9903.76.04,
but shall not apply to wood products provided for in headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

(xiii)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to medium- and heavy-duty vehicles provided
for in headings 9903.74.01, 9903.74.02 and 9903.74.03.

(xiv)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to medium- and heavy-duty vehicle parts provided
for in headings 9903.74.08 and 9903.74.09.

(xv)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.77 shall not apply to semiconductor articles provided for in heading
9903.79.01.

(y)

Products of all countries are not eligible for the administrative exemption from duty and certain taxes at 19 U.S.C.
1321(a)(2)(C), known as the “de minimis” exemption, except for the following: products that are donations, by persons
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, such as food, clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve human
suffering, except to the extent that the President determines that such donations (A) would seriously impair his ability to
deal with any national emergency declared under 19 U.S.C. 1701, (B) are in response to coercion against the proposed
recipient or donor, or (C) would endanger Armed Forces of the United States which are engaged in hostilities or are in a
situation where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances; and, products that are
informational materials, including but not limited to, publications, films, posters, phonograph records, photographs, microfilms,
microfiche, tapes, compact disks, CDROMs, artworks, and news wire feeds.

Products shipped through the international postal network that are valued at or under $800 and that would otherwise qualify
for the de minimis exemption authorized at 19 U.S.C. 1321(a)(2)(C) shall be subject to either an ad valorem or specific duty
based on the total duty rate imposed on the article to address a national emergency declared under the International Emergency
Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) – termed the “effective IEEPA tariff rate.” The ad valorem duty is equal to the effective IEEPA
tariff rate applicable to the country of origin of the product and shall be assessed on the value of each dutiable postal item
(package) containing goods. The specific duty is based on the effective IEEPA tariff rate applicable to the country of origin
of the product: (i) products of countries with an effective IEEPA tariff rate of less than 16 percent: $80 per item; (ii) products
of countries with an effective IEEPA tariff rate between 16 and 25 percent (inclusive): $160 per item; (iii) products of countries
with an effective IEEPA rate above 25 percent: $200 per item. The specific duty will cease to be effective for products entered
for consumption on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on February 28, 2026, at which time only the ad valorem will be
applicable.

(z)

(i)

Except as provided in headings 9903.01.85-9903.01.89, and in subdivisions (z)(ii) through (z)(xiv) of this note, and
other than products for personal use included in accompanied baggage of persons arriving in the United States,
heading 9903.01.84 imposes an additional ad valorem rate of duty on imports of all products of India. Notwithstanding
U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products that are subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by this
heading shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed under subheadings in chapters 1 to 97 of the tariff
schedule. Except as provided in subdivisions (z)(ii) through (z)(xiv) of this note, all products that are subject to the
additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by this heading shall also be subject to any additional duty provided for in
this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99. Products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under general
note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, or that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II
to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by this heading.

The additional duty imposed by this heading shall not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a provision
of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule pursuant to applicable regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”),
and whenever CBP agrees that entry under such a provision is appropriate, except for goods entered under heading
9802.00.80; and subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed, as described in the
applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article assembled abroad,
less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described.

Products that are provided for in heading 9903.01.84 shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing, or other
duties, taxes, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional ad valorem rate of
duty imposed by this heading.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 50
U.S. Notes (con.)

(ii)

(iii)

(iv)

(v)

(vi)

(vii)

(viii)

(ix)

(x)

(xi)

As provided in heading 9903.01.86, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to articles
the product of India classified in the provisions of the HTSUS listed in subdivision (v)(iii) of note 2 to this subchapter.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to products of iron or steel provided for in
headings 9903.81.87 and 9903.81.88.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to derivative iron or steel products provided for
in headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, 9903.81.91, 9903.81.92 and 9903.81.93.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to products of aluminum provided for in heading
9903.85.02.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to derivative aluminum products provided for in
headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07, 9903.85.08 and 9903.85.09.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility
vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and light trucks provided for in headings 9903.94.01
and 9903.94.03.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to parts of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport
utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and parts of light trucks provided for in headings
9903.94.05 and 9903.94.07.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to semi-finished copper and intensive copper
derivative products provided for in heading 9903.78.01.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall apply to wood products provided for in heading 9903.76.04,
but shall not apply to wood products provided for in headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to medium- and heavy-duty vehicles provided
for in headings 9903.74.01, 9903.74.02 and 9903.74.03.

(xii)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to medium- and heavy-duty vehicle parts provided
for in headings 9903.74.08 and 9903.74.09.

(xiii)

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.84 shall not apply to semiconductor articles provided for in heading
9903.79.01.

(xiv) Heading 9903.01.88 covers only products that are donations, by persons subject to the jurisdiction of the United

States, of articles, such as food, clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve human suffering, except to the
extent that the President determines that such donations (A) would seriously impair his ability to deal with any national
emergency declared under section 1701 of title 19 of the U.S. Code, (B) are in response to coercion against the
proposed recipient or donor, or (C) would endanger Armed Forces of the United States which are engaged in hostilities
or are in a situation where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances.

3.

For the purposes of subheadings 9903.41.05 and 9903.41.10, the duties provided for in this subchapter are cumulative duties
which apply in addition to the duties otherwise imposed on the articles involved.

[U.S. note 4 deleted]

5.

6.

The following provisions have been suspended pursuant to executive action: subheadings 9903.04.05 and 9903.04.10, headings
9903.04.15 through 9903.04.55, inclusive, subheading 9903.41.25, and subheadings 9903.41.35 through 9903.41.45, inclusive.

Import quotas for upland cotton.--The provisions of this note apply beginning August 1, 1991, to imports of upland cotton as
provided in subheadings 9903.52.00 through 9903.52.26.

(a)

Special Upland Cotton Import Quota Based on Northern Europe Prices.--

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 51

U.S. Notes (con.)

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

Whenever the Secretary of Agriculture determines and announces that for any consecutive 4-week period, the Friday
through Thursday average price quotation for the lowest-priced United States growth, as quoted for Middling (M)
one-and-three-thirty-seconds cotton, delivered to a definable and significant international market, as determined by
the Secretary, exceeds the prevailing world market price, there shall immediately be in effect a special import quota.
The quota shall be equal to 1 week's consumption of upland cotton by domestic mills at the seasonally adjusted
average rate of the most recent 3 months for which data are available. The aggregate quantity of cotton entered into
the United States during any marketing year under the special import quota established under this subdivision may
not exceed the equivalent of 10 week's consumption of upland cotton by domestic mills at the seasonally adjusted
average rate of the 3 months immediately preceding the first special import quota established in any marketing year.

Application.--The quota shall apply to upland cotton purchased not later than 90 days after the effective date of the
Secretary's announcement under clause(i) and entered into the United States not later than 180 days after such date.

Overlap.--A quota period may be established that overlaps any existing quota period if required by clause(i), except
that a quota period may not be established under this paragraph if a quota period has been established under
paragraph(b) of this note.

(iv)

The Secretary of Agriculture shall inform the Secretary of the Treasury of the establishment of any special import
quota under this paragraph and shall file a notice of such quota with the Federal Register.

(b)

Upland Cotton Import Quota Based on Spot Market Prices.--

(i)

Whenever the Secretary of Agriculture determines and announces that the average price of the base quality of upland
cotton, as determined by the Secretary, in the designated spot markets for a month exceeded 130 percent of the
average price of such quality of cotton in such markets for the preceding 36 months, there shall immediately be in
effect a limited global import quota equal to 21 days of domestic mill consumption of upland cotton at the seasonally
adjusted average rate of the most recent 3 months for which data are available. An announcement under this clause
shall be known as a Limited Global Cotton Import Quota Announcement. For purposes of this subdivision, a Limited
Global Cotton Import Quota means a quantity of imports that is not subject to the over-quota tariff rate of a tariff-rate
quota contained in chapter 52 of the tariff schedule.

(ii)

Quantity if prior quota.--If a quota has been established under this paragraph during the preceding 12 months, the
quantity of the quota next established under this paragraph shall be the smaller of 21 days of domestic mill consumption,
calculated as set forth in clause (i), or the quantity required to increase the supply to 130 percent of the demand.

(iii)

Definitions.--As used in clause (ii):

(A)

Supply.--The term "supply" means, using the latest official data of the Bureau of the Census, the Department of
Agriculture, and the Department of the Treasury--

(I)

the carry-over of upland cotton at the beginning of the marketing year (adjusted to 480-pound bales) in which
the special quota is established; plus

(II)

production of the current crop; plus

(III)

imports to the latest date available during the marketing year.

(B)

Demand.--The term "demand" means--

(I)

the average seasonally adjusted annual rate of domestic mill consumption in the most recent 3 months for
which data are available; plus

(II)

the larger of--

(aa)

average exports of upland cotton during the preceding 6 marketing years; or

(bb)

cumulative exports of upland cotton plus outstanding export sales for the marketing year in which the
special quota is established.

(iv)

(v)

Quota entry period.--When a quota is established under this paragraph, cotton may be entered under the quota during
the 90-day period beginning on the effective date of the Secretary of Agriculture's announcement of such quota.

No overlap.--Notwithstanding clauses (i) through (iv), a quota period may not be established under this paragraph
that overlaps an existing quota period established under this paragraph or a quota period established under paragraph
(a) of this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 52
U.S. Notes (con.)

(vi)

The Secretary of Agriculture shall inform the Secretary of the Treasury of the establishment of any import quota under
this paragraph and shall file a notice of such quota with the Federal Register.

[U.S. note 7 deleted]

[U.S. note 8 deleted]

[U.S. note 9 deleted]

[U.S. note 10 deleted]

[U.S. note 11 deleted]

[U.S. note 12 deleted]

13. (a)

(b)

For the purposes of subheading 9903.53.01, the duties provided for in this subchapter are cumulative duties which apply
in addition to the duties otherwise imposed on the articles involved. [Compiler's note: the provisions of this note and
the related heading have expired.]

For the purposes of subheading 9903.53.01, and as provided in Annex 1A of the 2006 Softwood Lumber Agreement
between the United States and Canada, signed on September 12, 2006, as amended by an Agreement between the
United States and Canada, signed on October 12, 2006 (SLA 2006), "softwood lumber products" include all products
classified under subheadings 4407.10.01, 4409.10.10, 4409.10.20, 4409.10.90, and 4418.90.25, and under statistical
reporting number 4418.90.4605, and any softwood lumber, flooring, and siding described below. These softwood lumber
products include:

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

(iv)

coniferous wood, sawn or chipped lengthwise, sliced or peeled, whether or not planed, sanded or finger-jointed, of a
thickness exceeding 6 mm;

coniferous wood siding (including strips and friezes for parquet flooring, not assembled) continuously shaped (tongued,
grooved, rabbeted, chamfered, v-jointed, beaded, molded, rounded, or the like) along any of its edges or faces, whether
or not planed, sanded, or finger-jointed;

other coniferous wood (including strips and friezes for parquet flooring, not assembled) continuously shaped (tongued,
grooved, rabbeted, chamfered, v-jointed, beaded, molded, rounded, or the like) along any of its edges or faces (other
than wood moldings and wood dowel rods) whether or not planed, sanded, or finger-jointed;

coniferous wood flooring (including strips and friezes for parquet flooring, not assembled) continuously shaped (tongued,
grooved, rabbeted, chamfered, v-jointed, beaded, molded, rounded, or the like) along any of its edges or faces, whether
or not planed, sanded, or finger-jointed; and

(v)

coniferous drilled and notched lumber and angle cut lumber.

(c)

For the purposes of subheading 9903.53.01, and as provided in Annex 1A of the SLA 2006, "softwood lumber products"
shall also include:

(i)

(ii)

any product entering under subheading 4409.10.05 which is continually shaped along its end and/or sided edges
which otherwise conforms to the written definition of the scope; and

lumber products that are classified as stringers, radius cut box-spring-frame components, and fence pickets, not
conforming to the criteria listed in subdivision (f) of this note, as well as truss components, pallet components, and
door and window frame parts, which may be imported under statistical reporting numbers 4418.90.4695, 4421.90.7040
and 4421.90.9760.

(d)

For the purposes of subheading 9903.53.01 and the definition of "softwood lumber products," the subheading references
and statistical reporting numbers in this note are provided for convenience; the written description of softwood lumber
products in this note is dispositive.

(e)

The following articles are not "softwood lumber products" for purposes of subheading 9903.53.01:

(i)

(ii)

trusses and truss kits, properly classified under subheading 4418.90;

I-Joist beams;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 53

U.S. Notes (con.)

(iii)

assembled box spring frames;

(iv)

pallets and pallet kits, properly classified under subheading 4415.20;

(v)

garage doors;

(vi)

edge-glued lumber, properly classified under subheading 4421.90.94, and other edge-glued wood, properly classified
under statistical reporting number 4421.90.9760;

(vii)

properly classified complete door frames;

(viii)

properly classified complete window frames;

(ix)

properly classified furniture;

(x)

articles brought into the United States temporarily and claimed to be exempt from duty under subchapter XIII of chapter
98; and

(xi)

household and personal effects.

(f)

The following articles are not "softwood lumber products" for purposes of subheading 9903.53.01, provided that they meet
the specified requirements detailed below:

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

(iv)

(v)

(vi)

stringers (pallet components used for runners); if they have at least two notches on the side, positioned at equal
distance from the center, to properly accommodate forklift blades, properly classified under statistical reporting number
4421.90.9760;

box-spring frame kits, if they contain the following wooden pieces - two side rails; two end (or top) rails; and varying
numbers of slats. The side rails and the end rails should be radius-cut at both ends. The kits should be individually
packaged, and should contain the exact number of wooden components needed to make a particular box spring
frame, with no further processing required. None of the components exceeds 1 inch in actual thickness or 83 inches
in length;

radius-cut box-spring-frame components, not exceeding 1 inch in actual thickness or 83 inches in length, ready for
assembly without further processing. The radius cuts must be present on both ends of the boards and must be
substantial cuts so as to completely round one corner;

fence pickets requiring no further processing and properly classified under subheading 4421.90.70, 1 inch or less in
actual thickness, up to 8 inches wide, and 6 feet or less in length, and having finials or decorative cuttings that clearly
identify them as fence pickets. In the case of dog-eared fence pickets, the corners of the boards should be cut off so
as to remove pieces of wood in the shape of isosceles right angle triangles with sides measuring 3/4 of an inch or
more;

U.S.-origin lumber shipped to Canada for minor processing and imported into the United States, is excluded from the
scope of subheading 9903.53.01 if the following conditions are met: (1) if the processing occurring in Canada is limited
to kiln drying, planing to create smooth-to-size board, and sanding, and (2) if the importer establishes to the satisfaction
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (U.S. CBP) that the lumber is of U.S. origin; and

in addition, all softwood lumber products entered claiming non-subject status based on U.S. country of origin shall be
treated as excluded under subheading 9903.53.01, provided that these softwood lumber products meet the following
condition: upon entry, the importer, exporter, Canadian processor and/or original U.S. producer shall establish to U.S.
CBP's satisfaction that the softwood lumber entered and documented as U.S.-origin softwood lumber was first produced
in the United States as a lumber product satisfying the physical parameters of the softwood lumber scope.

(g)

Softwood lumber products contained in single family home packages or kits, regardless of tariff classification, are excluded
from the scope of subheading 9903.53.01 if the importer certifies to subdivisions (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv) and the requirements
in subdivision (v) are met:

(i)

(ii)

the imported home package or kit constitutes a full package of the number of wooden pieces specified in the plan,
design or blueprint necessary to produce a home of at least 700 square feet produced to a specified plan, design or
blueprint;

the package or kit must contain all necessary internal and external doors and windows, nails, screws, glue, sub floor,
sheathing, beams, posts, connectors, and if included in the purchase contract, decking, trim, drywall and roof shingles
specified in the plan, design or blueprint;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 54
U.S. Notes (con.)

(iii)

(iv)

(v)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

prior to importation, the package or kit must be sold to a retailer in the United States of complete home packages or
kits pursuant to a valid purchase contract referencing the particular home design plan or blueprint, and signed by a
customer not affiliated with the importer;

softwood lumber products entered as part of a single family home package or kit, whether in a single entry or multiple
entries on multiple days, will be used solely for the construction of the single family home specified by the home design
matching the U.S. CBP import entry; and

for each entry into the United States, the following documentation must be retained by the importer and made available
to U.S. CBP upon request:

a copy of the appropriate home design plan, or blueprint matching the customs entry in the United States;

a purchase contract from a retailer of home kits or packages signed by a customer not affiliated with the importer;

a listing of inventory of all parts of the package or kit being entered into the United States that conforms to the
home design package being imported; and

in the case of multiple shipments on the same contract, all items listed in subdivision (g)(v)(3) which are included
in the shipment at issue shall be identified as well.

(h)

(i)

The additional duties provided for in subheading 9903.53.01 shall not apply to softwood lumber products produced by the
companies listed in Annex 10 of the SLA 2006.

The additional duties provided for in subheading 9903.53.01 shall apply to articles entered, or withdrawn from warehouse
for consumption, on or after September 1, 2010, if the Canadian export permits associated with the entries display a
shipment date prior to September 1, 2010. The additional duties provided for in subheading 9903.53.01 shall not apply to
articles entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after September 1, 2010, if the Canadian export
permits associated with the entries display a shipment date of September 1, 2010 or later.

14. (a)

For the purposes of subheadings 9903.40.05 and 9903.40.10, the duties provided for in this subchapter are cumulative
duties which apply in addition to the duties otherwise imposed on the articles involved.

(b)

The duty rates provided for in such subheadings shall each be reduced as follows:

September 26, 2010 through September 25, 2011
September 26, 2011 through September 25, 2012

.......................................30%
.......................................25%

No rate of duty provided for in such subheadings in chapter 99 shall be imposed on any article described in such subheadings
after the close of September 25, 2012.

15. (a)

The aggregate quantitative limitations that may be established under any of subheadings 9903.17.01 through 9903.17.10
shall apply only to sugar, syrups and molasses that (1) is not eligible for an allocation provided to any specified country
or area under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 17, and (2) is not eligible to be imported under any quantity
that may be reserved for specialty sugars, as defined by the United States Trade Representative, under the terms of
subdivision (b) to this note. Such limitations shall apply during the effective period announced in the Federal Register by
the United States Trade Representative for such a subheading in any year, during which only the aggregate quantity of
the specified goods shall be allowed entry into the customs territory of the United States. Such limitations shall apply
notwithstanding any other quantitative limitations on such goods that may be provided for in the tariff schedule. Any quantity
set forth in a notice issued by the United States Trade Representative for any subheading specified herein shall thereby
supersede any quantity that may have been announced under additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 17.

(b)

The aggregate quantitative limitations that may be established under any of subheadings 9903.17.21 through 9903.17.33
shall apply only to specialty sugars, as defined by the United States Trade Representative, imported during any effective
period announced in the Federal Register by the United States Trade Representative for such a subheading in any year,
during which period only the aggregate quantity of the specified goods shall be allowed entry into the customs territory of
the United States. Such limitations shall apply notwithstanding any other quantitative limitations on such goods that may
be provided for in the tariff schedule. Any quantity set forth in such a notice issued by the United States Trade Representative
for any subheading specified herein may be allocated among supplying countries and areas and shall thereby supersede
any quantity or allocation that may have been announced under additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 17.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 55

U.S. Notes (con.)

(c)

The quantitative limitations that may be established under any of subheadings 9903.18.01 through 9903.18.10 shall apply
to sugar, syrups and molasses described therein during any effective period announced in the Federal Register by the
United States Trade Representative for such a subheading in any year, during which period only the aggregate quantity
of the specified goods shall be allowed entry into the customs territory of the United States. Such limitation shall apply
notwithstanding any other quantitative limitation on such goods that may be provided for in the tariff schedule and the
availability of any quantitative limitation set forth for such goods in chapter 17 or chapter 21 of the tariff schedule or
allocation thereof. Any quantity set forth in a notice issued by the United States Trade Representative for any subheading
specified herein may be allocated among supplying countries and areas and shall thereby supersede any quantity or
allocation that may have been announced under additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 17.

16. (a)

Heading 9903.80.01 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of iron or steel products of all countries (i) other than
products of the United States, or (ii) other than products of countries expressly exempt therefrom, pursuant to the article
description of such heading and the terms of subdivisions (e) or (f) of this note, and other than any iron or steel products
of specified countries allowed to enter under a tariff-rate quota established for any such country under the terms of this
note. All anti-dumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed,
except as may be expressly provided herein. Unless otherwise provided in this note, iron or steel products covered by
subdivision (b) of this note that are the product of Ukraine and, if entered on or after June 1, 2023, are accompanied by
a certificate of origin upon entry into the customs territory of the United States, shall be exempt from the duty provided for
in heading 9903.80.01 entered for consumption during the period from 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June 1, 2022,
through 11:59 p.m. eastern daylight time on June 1, 2025, and iron or steel products covered by subdivision (b) of this
note that are the product of a member country of the European Union where the steel used in the manufacture of the steel
articles is melted and poured in Ukraine shall be exempt from the duty provided for in heading 9903.80.01 entered for
consumption during the period from 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June 1, 2023 through 11:59 p.m. eastern daylight
time on June 1, 2025. (Compiler's Note: Subdivisions (a) through (h) shall continue to apply to goods entered for
consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on March
12, 2025, please see subdivisions (i) through (o) of this note.)

(i)

(ii)

Except as provided elsewhere in this note, heading 9903.80.01 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of iron
or steel products of all countries other than products of the United States and other than of countries expressly exempt
therefrom, pursuant to the article description of such heading and the terms of subdivision (e) of this note. For any
such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs
listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in this heading shall be collected in addition to
any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading, except where prohibited by law.
Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties
prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and
Border Protection (“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based
upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed
for the iron or steel products enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set
forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any
additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in
addition to the duty in heading 9903.80.01.

Heading 9903.80.03 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of the derivative iron or steel products enumerated
in this subdivision of all countries other than products of the United States and other than of countries expressly
exempted therefrom, other than products of Ukraine that are accompanied by certificates of origin (if entered on or
after June 1, 2023) and are entered for consumption during the period from 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June
1, 2022, through 11:59 p.m. eastern daylight time on June 1, 2025, [and] other than products of Ukraine that are
accompanied by certificates of origin (if entered on or after June 1, 2023) and are entered for consumption during the
period from 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June 1, 2022, through 11:59 p.m. eastern daylight time on June 1,
2024, and other than products of Ukraine [that are entered for consumption] during the period from June 1, 2022
through 11:59 p.m. eastern daylight time on June 1, 2023 pursuant to the article description of such heading. For any
products covered by heading 9903.80.03 that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade
agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading
9903.80.03 shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff
subheading, except where prohibited by law. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and
which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such
provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based
upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption shall be allowed under a
provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account
information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV
of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.80.03. Heading 9903.80.03 shall apply only to
the following derivative iron or steel products:

XXII
99 - III - 56
U.S. Notes (con.)

(A)

(B)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

nails, tacks (other than thumb tacks), drawing pins, corrugated nails, staples (other than those of heading 8305)
and similar articles, of iron or steel, whether or not with heads of other material (excluding such articles with heads
of copper), suitable for use in powder-actuated handtools, threaded (described in subheading 7317.00.30); and

nails, tacks (other than thumb tacks), drawing pins, corrugated nails, staples (other than those of heading 8305)
and similar articles, of iron or steel, whether or not with heads of other material (excluding such articles with heads
of copper), of one piece construction, whether or not made of round wire; the foregoing described in statistical
reporting numbers 7317.00.5503, 7317.00.5505, 7317.00.5507, 7317.00.5560, 7317.00.5580 or 7317.00.6560
only and not in other statistical reporting numbers of subheadings 7317.00.55 and 7317.00.65)

(C)

bumper stampings of steel, the foregoing comprising parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings
8701 to 8705 (described in subheading 8708.10.30); and

(D)

body stampings of steel, for tractors suitable for agricultural use (described in subheading 8708.29.21).

(iii) Subheadings 9903.80.05 through 9903.80.62, inclusive, provide the ordinary customs duty and quota treatment of such

goods enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note when they are the product of any country enumerated in the superior
text thereto and expressly exempt from the scope of heading 9903.80.01, subject to the limitations in subdivision (e) of
this note.

(b)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.80.01 and subheadings 9903.80.05 through 9903.80.58, 9903.80.65 through
9903.81.19, and 9903.81.25 through 9903.81.80, inclusive, apply to all imported products of iron or steel classifiable in
the provisions enumerated in this subdivision:

(i)

(ii)

flat-rolled products provided for in headings 7208, 7209, 7210, 7211, 7212, 7225 or 7226;

bars and rods provided for in headings 7213, 7214, 7215, 7227, or 7228; angles, shapes and sections of 7216 (except
subheadings 7216.61.00, 7216.69.00 or 7216.91.00); wire provided for in headings 7217 or 7229; sheet piling provided
for in subheading 7301.10.00; rails provided for in subheading 7302.10; fish-plates and sole plates provided for in
subheading 7302.40.00; and other products of iron or steel provided for in subheading 7302.90;

(iii)

tubes, pipes and hollow profiles provided for in heading 7304 or 7306; tubes and pipes provided for in heading 7305;

(iv)

ingots, other primary forms and semi-finished products provided for in heading 7206, 7207 or 7224; and

(v)

products of stainless steel provided for in heading 7218, 7219, 7220, 7221, 7222 or 7223.

Any reference above to iron or steel products classifiable in any heading or subheading of chapter 72 or 73, as the case may
be, shall mean that any good provided for in the article description of such heading or subheading and of all its subordinate
provisions (both legal and statistical) is covered by the provisions of this note and related tariff provisions.

(c)

(d)

The Secretary of Commerce may determine and announce any exclusions from headings 9903.80.01 and 9903.80.03,and
subheadings 9903.80.05 through 9903.80.58 and 9903.81.25 through 9903.81.78, inclusive, that may be appropriate for
individual derivative iron or steel products or individual iron or steel products otherwise covered by subdivision (a)(ii) or
subdivision (b) of this note, respectively, for individual shipments thereof, whether or not limited to particular quantities of
any such goods or shipments, and shall immediately convey all such determinations to U.S. Customs and Border Protection
("CBP") for implementation by CBP at the earliest possible opportunity, but not later than five business days after the date
on which CBP receives any such determination from Commerce. Pursuant to subheadings 9903.80.60, 9903.80.61, and
9903.80.62 and superior text thereto, the Secretary may provide that any excluded product shall be granted entry into the
customs territory of the United States when the applicable quantitative limitation has filled for the specified period for such
good.

Any importer entering the iron or steel products covered by this note under heading 9903.80.01 and subheadings 9903.80.05
through 9903.80.58 and 9903.80.60 through 9903.80.62, inclusive, or any importer of derivative iron or steel products
covered by this note under heading 9903.80.03, shall provide any information that may be required, and in such form, as
is deemed necessary by CBP in order to permit the administration of this subheading. Importers are likewise directed to
report information any applicable exclusion granted by Commerce in such form as CBP may require.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 57

U.S. Notes (con.)

(e)

(f)

(g)

Subheadings 9903.80.05 through 9903.80.58, inclusive, set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for the iron or steel
products (as enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note) of any country enumerated in the superior text to such subheadings,
subject to the annual aggregate quantitative limitations proclaimed for these subheadings and as set forth on the Internet
site of CBP at the following link: https://www.cbp.gov/trade/quota. Beginning on July 1, 2018, imports from any such country
in an aggregate quantity under any such subheading during any of the periods January through March, April through June,
July through September, or October through December in any year that is in excess of 500,000 kg and 30 percent of the
total aggregate quantity provided for a calendar year for such country, as set forth on the Internet site of CBP, shall not
be allowed.

Subheadings 9903.80.65 through 9903.81.19, inclusive, set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for the iron or steel
products (as enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note) of any member country of the European Union enumerated in this
subdivision, provided that such iron or steel products are melted and poured in any member country of the European
Union. The aggregate annual import volume under subheadings 9903.80.65 through 9903.81.19 shall be limited to
3,300,170 metric tons. Subheadings 9903.80.65 through 9903.81.19 shall also be subject to any aggregate annual quantity
established for each such subheading, including any allocations or other limitations that may be announced, all as set
forth on the Internet site of the Department of Commerce at the following link: https://bis.doc.gov/232-steel. No such country
shall be allowed to import an aggregate quantity under any such subheading during any of the periods January through
March, April through June, July through September or October through December in any year that is in excess of the
quantity that is allocated to such country by the Department of Commerce, as set forth on the Internet site of such
Department as noted herein. The Department of Commerce is authorized to carry forward any unused quantity of such
product from one or more such countries from the first quarter of any calendar year to the third quarter of such year, or
from the second quarter of any calendar year to the fourth quarter of such year. Entries of any product of any such member
country that may be described in an exclusion granted by the Department of Commerce shall be eligible to utilize such
exclusion upon proper claim therefor, and such entries shall not be counted against the annual aggregate quantitative
limitation set forth in this subdivision.

The member countries of the European Union that are covered by this subdivision and by heading 9903.80.03 and subheadings
9903.80.65 through 9903.81.19 shall include the following: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czechia (Czech
Republic), Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg,
Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden.

Subheadings 9903.81.25 through 9903.81.78 and headings 9903.81.80 and 9903.81.81, inclusive, set forth the ordinary
customs duty treatment for the iron or steel products (as enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note) of Japan or of the
United Kingdom. The aggregate annual import volume under subheadings 9903.81.25 through 9903.81.78 and heading
9903.81.80 for such products of Japan shall be limited to 1,250,000 metric tons; and the aggregate import volume under
subheadings 9903.81.25 through 9903.81.78 and heading 9908.81.80 for such products of the United Kingdom shall be
limited to 500,000 metric tons; and heading 9903.81.81 for such products of the European Union that are melted and
poured in the UK shall be limited to 37,800metric tons. Subheadings 9903.81.25 through 9903.81.80 shall also be subject
to any aggregate annual quantity established for each such subheading, including any allocations or other limitations that
may be announced, all as set forth on the Internet site of the Department of Commerce at the following link:
https://bis.doc.gov/232-steel. No shipments of such iron or steel products shall be allowed to enter in an aggregate quantity
under any such subheading, during any of the periods January through March, April through June, July through September,
or October through December in any 12-month period, that is in excess of the quantity that is made available to Japan or
the United Kingdom during any such period by the Department of Commerce, as set forth on the Internet site of such
Department as noted herein. The Department of Commerce is authorized to carry forward any unused quantity of such
product from one or more such countries from the first quarter of any calendar year to the third quarter of such year, from
the second quarter of any calendar year to the fourth quarter of such year. Entries of any product of Japan or the United
Kingdom that may be described in an exclusion granted by the Department of Commerce shall be eligible to utilize such
exclusion upon proper claim therefor, and such entries shall be counted against the annual aggregate quantitative limitation
set forth in this subdivision. Iron or steel products described in subdivision (b) of this note that are melted and poured in
a United Kingdom steel facility and are products of the member countries of the European Union enumerated in subdivision
(f) of this note will be admitted into the United States under the quantitative limitation provided in this subdivision and shall
be reported under heading 9903.81.81 of this subchapter.

Entry requirement for certain steel from the United Kingdom The United Kingdom will provide to the United States, in the
case of any known UK steel producer that is owned or controlled by a company registered in China or a Chinese entity, and
which exports steel to the United States under the applicable TRQ for UK steel, an attestation. The attestation will be to the
effect that there is no evidence of market distorting practices by that producer in the UK that would materially contribute to
non-market excess capacity of steel. The results of such audit will be made available to the United States upon completion.

Steel from any UK steel producer that is owned or controlled by a company registered in China or a Chinese entity will be
eligible for entry at the in-quota rate for 6 months from June 1, 2022 within which the UK will provide the first annual attestation.
If the attestation is not provided by December 1, 2022 and then annually on December 1 thereafter, the United States reserves
the right to temporarily deny access for the UK steel producer to the in-quota rate for the applicableTRQ. Where at any time

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 58
U.S. Notes (con.)

(h)

(i)

access has been denied, and where the UK submits an attestation, the United States will restore the access of the affected
producer to the in-quota rate within 8 weeks.

(i) Heading 9903.81.85 provides the ordinary duty treatment of steel articles that are products of Mexico, provided that
such steel products are melted and poured in a country other than the United States, Mexico or Canada, for products
enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note. For any such goods that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of
the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in
such heading shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff
subheading, except where prohibited by law. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which
are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and
applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60
shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. Except as otherwise provided in this subdivision, the
duty provided in these headings shall be collected on the full value of the article that contains steel that was melted and
poured in a country other than the United States, Mexico or Canada. Importers of steel articles shall provide to CBP
information necessary to identify the country or countries where the steel used in the manufacture of steel articles imports
are melted and poured.

(ii) Heading 9903.81.86 provides the ordinary duty treatment of the derivative steel articles that are products of Mexico,
provided that such derivative steel products are melted and poured in a country other than the United States, Mexico or
Canada, for products enumerated in subdivision (a)(ii) of this note. For any such goods that are eligible for special tariff
treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule,
the duty provided in such heading shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the
appropriate tariff subheading, except where prohibited by law. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter
98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such
provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading
9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. Except as otherwise provided in this subdivision,
the duty provided in these headings shall be collected on the full value of the article that contains steel that was melted and
poured in a country other than the United States, Mexico or Canada. Importers of steel derivative articles shall provide to
CBP information necessary to identify the country or countries where the steel used in the manufacture of derivative steel
articles imports are melted and poured.

Except as provided in heading 9903.96.02, 9903.02.76, and 9903.02.81, headings 9903.81.87 and 9903.81.88 provide
the ordinary customs duty treatment of iron or steel products, as enumerated in subdivision (j) of this note, of all countries,
other than iron or steel products of the United Kingdom, as provided in subdivisions (p) and (q) of this note and headings
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95 of this chapter, other than products of the United States. For any such products that are eligible
for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to
the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.81.87 shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty
otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter
98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such
provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (‘‘CBP’’) regulations, except that duties under subheading
9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption
or reduction shall be allowed for the iron or steel products enumerated in subdivision (j) of this note under a provision of
chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied
by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be
imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.81.87. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges
applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.81.87, except that steel
products shall not be subject to: (1) the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under
heading 9903.01.10; and (2) the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading
9903.01.01.

For goods classified in chapter 73, the additional ad valorem duty imposed by headings 9903.81.87 and 9903.81.88 shall
only apply to the declared value of the steel content of the article. The quantity of the steel content shall be reported in kg for
headings 9903.81.87 and 9903.81.88, in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the steel article, in
accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

(j)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.81.87 apply to all imported products of iron or steel classifiable in the provisions
of the HTSUS enumerated in this subdivision:

(i)

(ii)

flat-rolled products provided for in headings 7208, 7209, 7210, 7211, 7212, 7225 or 7226;

bars and rods provided for in headings 7213, 7214, 7215, 7227, or 7228; angles, shapes and sections of 7216 (except
subheadings 7216.61.00, 7216.69.00 or 7216.91.00); wire provided for in headings 7217 or 7229; sheet piling provided
for in subheading 7301.10.00; rails provided for in subheading 7302.10; fish-plates and sole plates provided for in
subheading 7302.40.00; and other products of iron or steel provided for in subheading 7302.90;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 59

U.S. Notes (con.)

(iii)

tubes, pipes and hollow profiles provided for in heading 7304 or 7306; tubes and pipes provided for in heading 7305;

(iv)

ingots, other primary forms and semifinished products provided for in headings 7206, 7207 or 7224; and

(v)

products of stainless steel provided for in headings 7218, 7219, 7220, 7221, 7222 or 7223.

Any reference above to iron or steel products classifiable in any heading or subheading of chapter 72 or 73, as the case may
be, shall mean that any good provided for in the article description of such heading or subheading and of all its subordinate
provisions (both legal and statistical) is covered by the provisions of this note and related tariff provisions.

(k)

Except as provided in heading 9903.96.02, 9903.02.76, and 9903.02.81, headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, 9903.81.91,
and 9903.81.93 provide the ordinary customs duty treatment of the derivative iron or steel products, as enumerated in
subdivisions (l), (m) and (n), respectively, of this note for all countries, other than derivative iron or steel products of the
United Kingdom, as provided in subdivisions (r), (s), (t) and (u) of this note and headings 9903.81.96 through 9903.81.99
of this chapter, other than products of the United States. For any such derivative iron or steel products that are eligible for
special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the
tariff schedule, the duty provided in such headings shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise
applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and
which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision
and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full
value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption shall be allowed for the derivative iron or steel
articles enumerated in subdivisions (l), (m) or (n) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower
rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty
prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in
headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, or 9903.81.91. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable
to such goods shall continue to be imposed, except that steel derivative products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91 and 9903.81.93 shall not be subject to: (1) the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of
Canada under heading 9903.01.10; and (2) the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico
under heading 9903.01.01. Entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, 9903.81.91
and 9903.81.93 shall also be subject to the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products by
headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07 and 9903.85.08, provided that the derivative iron or steel products otherwise satisfy all
conditions necessary for application of the additional duties on entries of derivative aluminum products.

For goods classified in chapter 73, the additional ad valorem duty imposed by headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90 and 9903.81.93
shall only apply to the declared value of the steel content of the derivative article. The quantity of the steel content shall be
reported in kg for headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90 and 9903.81.93, in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through
97 for the derivative steel article, in accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

(l)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.81.89 apply to all imported derivative iron or steel products classifiable in the
provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in this subdivision:

(A)

(B)

nails, tacks (other than thumb tacks), drawing pins, corrugated nails, staples (other than those of heading 8305) and
similar articles, of iron or steel, whether or not with heads of other material (excluding such articles with heads of
copper), suitable for use in powder-actuated handtools, threaded (described in subheading 7317.00.30)

nails, tacks (other than thumb tacks), drawing pins, corrugated nails, staples (other than those of heading 8305) and
similar articles, of iron or steel, whether or not with heads of other material (excluding such articles with heads of
copper), of one piece construction, whether or not made of round wire; the foregoing described in statistical reporting
numbers 7317.00.5503, 7317.00.5505, 7317.00.5507, 7317.00.5560, 7317.00.5580 or 7317.00.6560 only and not in
other statistical reporting numbers of subheadings 7317.00.55 and 7317.00.65

(C)

bumper stampings of steel, the foregoing comprising parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705 (described in subheading 8708.10.30); and

(D)

body stampings of steel, for tractors suitable for agricultural use (described in subheading 8708.29.21).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 60
U.S. Notes (con.)

(m)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.81.90 apply to all imported derivative iron or steel products that are classified
in the following subheadings of the HTSUS, unless the derivative iron or steel product was processed in another country
from steel articles that were melted and poured in the United States: 7216.91.0010; 7301.20.10; 7301.20.50; 7302.30.00;
7302.90.9000; 7307.19.30; 7307.19.90; 7307.21.10; 7307.21.50; 7307.22.10; 7307.22.50; 7307.23.00; 7307.29.00;
7307.91.10; 7307.91.30; 7307.91.50; 7307.92.30; 7307.92.90; 7307.93.30; 7307.93.60; 7307.93.90; 7307.99.10; 7307.99.30;
7307.99.50; 7308.10.00; 7308.20.00; 7308.30.10; 7308.30.50; 7308.40.00; 7308.90.30; 7308.90.60; 7308.90.70; 7308.90.95;
7309.00.00; 7310.10.00; 7310.21.00; 7310.29.00; 7311.00.00; 7312.10.05; 7312.10.10; 7312.10.20; 7312.10.30; 7312.10.50;
7312.10.60; 7312.10.70; 7312.10.80; 7312.10.90; 7312.90.00; 7313.00.00; 7314.12.10; 7314.12.20; 7314.12.30; 7314.12.60;
7314.12.90; 7314.14.10; 7314.14.20; 7314.14.30; 7314.14.60; 7314.14.90; 7314.19.01; 7314.20.00; 7314.31.10;
7314.31.50;7314.39.00; 7314.41.00; 7314.42.00; 7314.49.30; 7314.49.60; 7314.50.00; 7315.11.00; 7315.12.00; 7315.19.00;
7315.20.10; 7315.20.50; 7315.81.00; 7315.82.10; 7315.82.30; 7315.82.50; 7315.82.70; 7315.89.10; 7315.89.30; 7315.89.50;
7315.90.00; 7316.00.00; 7317.00.10; 7317.00.20; 7317.00.55; 7317.00.65; 7317.00.75; 7318.11.00; 7318.12.00; 7318.13.00;
7318.14.10; 7318.14.50; 7318.15.20; 7318.15.40; 7318.15.50; 7318.15.60; 7318.15.80; 7318.16.00; 7318.19.00; 7318.21.00;
7318.22.00; 7318.23.00; 7318.24.00; 7318.29.00; 7319.40.20; 7319.40.30; 7319.40.50; 7319.90.10; 7319.90.90; 7320.10.30;
7320.10.60; 7320.10.90; 7320.20.10; 7320.20.50; 7320.90.10; 7320.90.50; 7321.11.10; 7321.11.30; 7321.11.60; 7321.12.00;
7321.19.00; 7321.81.10; 7321.81.50; 7321.82.10; 7321.82.50; 7321.89.00; 7321.90.10; 7321.90.20; 7321.90.40; 7321.90.50;
7321.90.60; 7322.19.00; 7322.90.00; 7323.10.00; 7323.93.00; 7323.94.00; 7323.99.10; 7323.99.30; 7323.99.50; 7323.99.70;
7323.99.90; 7324.10.00; 7324.29.00; 7324.90.00; 7325.91.00; 7325.99.10; 7325.99.50; 7326.11.00; 7326.19.00; 7326.20.00;
7326.90.10; 7326.90.25; 7326.90.35; 7326.90.45; 7326.90.60; 7326.90.86.

For subheadings 7317.00.55 and 7317.00.65, this provision shall apply to those statistical reporting numbers not specifically
enumerated in subdivision (l) above.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 61

U.S. Notes (con.)

(n)

The rates of duty in heading 9903.81.91 apply to: (1) all imported derivative iron or steel products that are classified in the
following subheadings of the HTSUS, including products admitted into a U.S. foreign trade zone under ‘‘privileged foreign
status’’ as defined by 19 CFR 146.41, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on March 12, 2025, unless the derivative
iron or steel product was processed in another country from steel articles that were melted and poured in the United States:
8431.31.00; 8431.42.00; 8431.49.10; 8431.49.90; 8432.10.00; 8432.90.00; 8547.90.00; 9403.20.00; 9405.99.20; 9405.99.40;
9406.20.00; 9406.90.01; (2) all imported derivative iron or steel products that are classified in the following subheadings
of the HTSUS, including products admitted into a U.S. foreign trade zone under ‘‘privileged foreign status’’ as defined by
19 CFR 146.41, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June 23, 2025, unless the derivative iron or steel product was
processed in another country from steel articles that were melted and poured in the United States: 8418.10.00; 8418.30.00;
8418.40.00; 8422.11.00; 8450.11.00; 8450.20.00; 8451.21.00; 8451.29.00; 8509.80.20; 8516.60.40; 9403.99.9020; and
(3) all imported derivative iron or steel products that are classified in the following provisions of the HTSUS, including
products admitted into a U.S. foreign trade zone under ‘‘privileged foreign status’’ as defined by 19 CFR 146.41, prior to
12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on August 18, 2025, unless the derivative iron or steel product was processed in another
country from steel articles that were melted and poured in the United States: 0402.99.68; 0402.99.70; 0402.99.90;
2106.90.9998; 2710.19.3050; 2711.12.0020; 2804.29.0010; 2804.40.0000; 2901.22.0000; 2903.42.1000; 2903.43.10;
2903.44.10; 2903.45.10; 2903.49.00; 2903.51.10; 2903.59.90; 2903.71.0100; 3004.90.9244; 3208.10.00; 3208.20.00;
3208.90.00; 3209.10.00; 3209.90.00; 3213.90.00; 3214.10.00; 3303.00.10; 3303.00.20; 3303.00.30; 3304.30.00; 3304.99.50;
3305.10.00; 3305.30.00; 3305.90.00; 3306.90.00; 3307.10.10; 3307.10.20; 3307.20.00; 3307.49.00; 3307.90.00; 3401.30.10;
3401.30.50; 3402.31.90; 3402.49.90; 3402.50.11; 3402.50.51; 3402.90.10; 3402.90.30; 3402.90.50; 3403.19.10; 3403.19.50;
3403.99.00; 3405.10.00; 3405.20.00; 3405.40.00; 3405.90.00; 3506.10.50; 3506.91.10; 3506.91.50; 3506.99.00; 3808.59.10;
3808.59.40; 3808.61.10; 3808.61.50; 3808.62.10; 3808.62.50; 3808.69.10; 3808.69.50; 3808.91.15; 3808.91.25; 3808.91.30;
3808.91.50; 3808.94.10; 3808.94.50; 3809.91.00; 3810.10.00; 3811.19.00; 3811.21.00; 3814.00.10; 3814.00.20; 3814.00.50;
3820.00.00; 3824.99.9397; 3827.61.0000; 3827.62.0000; 3827.63.0000; 3827.64.0000; 3827.65.0000; 3925.20.00;
3926.90.10; 7614.10.10; 8202.39.0040; 8203.40.60; 8205.59.55; 8205.70.00; 8207.20.0070; 8207.30.6062; 8207.30.6095;
8211.10.00; 8211.91.10; 8211.91.20; 8211.91.25; 8211.91.30; 8211.91.40; 8211.91.50; 8211.91.80; 8211.92.20; 8211.92.40;
8211.92.60; 8211.92.90; 8211.93.00; 8211.94.10; 8211.94.50; 8211.95.10; 8211.95.50; 8211.95.90; 8215.10.00; 8215.20.00;
8215.91.30; 8215.91.60; 8215.91.90; 8215.99.01; 8215.99.05; 8215.99.10; 8215.99.15; 8215.99.20; 8215.99.22; 8215.99.24;
8215.99.26; 8215.99.30; 8215.99.35; 8215.99.40; 8215.99.45; 8215.99.50; 8302.10.60; 8302.41.30; 8302.41.60; 8302.42.30;
8302.49.60; 8305.20.00; 8307.10.60; 8401.40.0000; 8403.10.00; 8406.90.4000; 8407.21.00; 8407.90.10; 8407.90.90;
8408.20.10; 8408.20.90; 8409.91.50; 8409.91.92; 8409.91.99; 8409.99.91; 8409.99.92; 8409.99.99; 8410.90.0000;
8411.81.80; 8412.21.00; 8412.29.80; 8412.90.9070; 8412.90.9075; 8413.81.00; 8413.91.9055; 8413.91.9060; 8413.91.9096;
8414.30.40; 8414.80.16; 8414.90.30; 8414.90.41; 8415.10.30; 8415.10.60; 8415.10.90; 8415.81.01; 8415.82.01; 8415.83.00;
8415.90.40; 8415.90.80; 8417.90.0000; 8418.21.00; 8418.29.20; 8418.99.40; 8419.81.50; 8421.29.00; 8424.10.0000;
8424.89.90; 8425.42.00; 8426.20.00; 8426.99.00; 8427.10.40; 8427.10.80; 8427.20.40; 8427.20.80; 8427.90.00; 8428.32.00;
8428.33.00; 8428.39.00; 8428.60.00; 8428.70.00; 8428.90.03; 8429.11.00; 8429.19.00; 8429.20.00; 8429.30.00; 8429.40.00;
8429.51.10; 8429.51.50; 8429.52.10; 8429.52.50; 8429.59.10; 8429.59.50; 8431.20.00; 8431.39.00; 8431.41.00; 8431.43.40;
8431.43.80; 8433.11.00; 8433.20.00; 8433.51.00; 8433.59.00; 8433.90.10; 8433.90.50; 8443.16.0000; 8454.20.0010;
8454.20.0060; 8455.30.00; 8455.90.4000; 8455.90.8000; 8457.10.00; 8474.90.00; 8477.10.30; 8477.10.40; 8477.10.90;
8477.90.25; 8477.90.8601; 8479.89.55; 8479.89.65; 8479.90.45; 8479.90.55; 8479.90.65; 8479.90.75; 8479.90.85;
8479.90.95; 8480.49.0010; 8480.71.8045; 8480.71.8060; 8480.79.9010; 8482.10.5004; 8482.10.5008; 8482.10.5012;
8482.10.5016; 8482.10.5024; 8482.10.5028; 8482.10.5032; 8482.10.5036; 8482.10.5052; 8482.10.5056; 8482.10.5060;
8482.10.5064; 8482.10.5068; 8482.20.0064; 8482.20.0067; 8482.20.0090; 8482.99.05; 8482.99.15; 8482.99.25; 8482.99.35;
8482.99.45; 8482.99.65; 8483.10.1010; 8483.10.1050; 8483.10.50; 8483.20.40; 8483.20.80; 8483.30.40; 8483.30.80;
8483.40.10; 8483.40.5020; 8483.40.90; 8483.50.60; 8483.50.90; 8483.60.40; 8483.60.80; 8483.90.20; 8483.90.30;
8483.90.50; 8483.90.70; 8483.90.80; 8501.53.40; 8501.53.60; 8501.53.80; 8501.64.0110; 8502.31.0000; 8503.00.35;
8503.00.45; 8503.00.65; 8503.00.75; 8503.00.90; 8503.00.95; 8504.23.00; 8504.33.00; 8504.90.9634; 8504.90.9638;
8504.90.9642; 8514.20.40; 8514.20.60; 8516.29.00; 8516.60.60; 8601.10.00; 8601.20.00; 8602.10.00; 8602.90.00;
8603.10.00; 8603.90.00; 8604.00.00; 8605.00.00; 8607.11.00; 8607.19.0300; 8607.19.06; 8607.19.12; 8607.19.15;
8607.19.90; 8607.21.50; 8607.30.1010; 8607.30.1050; 8607.30.1090; 8607.30.50; 8607.91.00; 8607.99.50; 8609.00.00;
8701.10.01; 8701.21.0080; 8701.22.0080; 8701.23.0080; 8701.24.0080; 8701.29.0080; 8701.30.10; 8701.30.50; 8701.91.10;
8701.91.50; 8701.92.10; 8701.92.50; 8701.93.10; 8701.93.50; 8701.94.10; 8701.94.50; 8701.95.10; 8701.95.50; 8702.10.31;
8702.10.61; 8703.10.10; 8703.10.50; 8703.21.01; 8705.10.00; 8705.20.00; 8705.90.0010; 8705.90.0020; 8706.00.30;
8708.40.30; 8708.40.60; 8708.92.10; 8708.92.50; 8708.92.60; 8708.92.75; 8708.93.15; 8708.93.30; 8708.99.23; 8708.99.81;
8710.00.00; 8711.30.00; 8711.50.00; 8711.60.00; 8714.10.00; 8716.10.00; 8716.39.00; 8716.80.10; 8716.80.50; 8716.90.10;
8716.90.30; 9401.71.00; 9401.79.00; 9403.10.00; 9403.99.10; 9403.99.9010; 9403.99.9015; 9403.99.9040; 9403.99.9045;
9403.99.9051; 9403.99.9061; 9506.91.00.

For any derivative steel article that is classified in one of the subheadings of the HTSUS that is listed in this subdivision, the
additional ad valorem duty imposed by heading 9903.81.91 shall only apply to the declared value of the steel content of the
derivative article. The quantity of the steel content shall be reported in kg for heading 9903.81.91, in addition to the units
provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the derivative steel article, in accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 62
U.S. Notes (con.)

(o)

(p)

Any importer entering the iron or steel products covered by this note under headings 9903.81.87 or 9903.81.88, or any
importer of the derivative iron or steel products covered by this note under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, 9903.81.91,
9903.81.92 or 9903.81.93 shall provide any information that may be required, and in such form, as is deemed necessary
by CBP in order to permit the administration of these headings.

Except as provided in heading 9903.96.01 headings 9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95 provide the ordinary customs duty
treatment of iron or steel products, as enumerated in subdivision (q) of this note, of the United Kingdom other than products
of the United States. For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements
or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.81.94 shall
be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods
for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein
shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (‘‘CBP’’)
regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported
article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the iron or steel products enumerated
in subdivision (q) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free
treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this
subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.81.94. All antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty
in heading 9903.81.94.

For goods classified in chapter 73, the additional ad valorem duty imposed by headings 9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95 shall
only apply to the declared value of the steel content of the article. The quantity of the steel content shall be reported in kg for
headings 9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95, in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the steel article, in
accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

(q)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.81.94 apply to all imported products of iron or steel classifiable in the provisions
of the HTSUS enumerated in this subdivision:

(i)

(ii)

flat-rolled products provided for in headings 7208, 7209, 7210, 7211, 7212, 7225 or 7226;

bars and rods provided for in headings 7213, 7214, 7215, 7227, or 7228; angles, shapes and sections of 7216 (except
subheadings 7216.61.00, 7216.69.00 or 7216.91.00); wire provided for in headings 7217 or 7229; sheet piling provided
for in subheading 7301.10.00; rails provided for in subheading 7302.10; fish-plates and sole plates provided for in
subheading 7302.40.00; and other products of iron or steel provided for in subheading 7302.90;

(iii)

tubes, pipes and hollow profiles provided for in heading 7304 or 7306; tubes and pipes provided for in heading 7305;

(iv)

ingots, other primary forms and semifinished products provided for in headings 7206, 7207 or 7224; and

(v)

products of stainless steel provided for in headings 7218, 7219, 7220, 7221, 7222 or 7223.

Any reference above to iron or steel products classifiable in any heading or subheading of chapter 72 or 73, as the case may
be, shall mean that any good provided for in the article description of such heading or subheading and of all its subordinate
provisions (both legal and statistical) is covered by the provisions of this note and related tariff provisions.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 63

U.S. Notes (con.)

(r)

Except as provided in heading 9903.96.01 headings 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98, and 9903.81.99 provide the
ordinary customs duty treatment of the derivative iron or steel products, as enumerated in subdivisions (s), (t) and (u),
respectively, of this note for products of the United Kingdom other than products of the United States. For any such
derivative iron or steel products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or
preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in such headings shall be collected
in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry
is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible
for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading
9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption
shall be allowed for the derivative iron or steel articles enumerated in subdivisions (s), (t) or (u) of this note under a provision
of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied
by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be
imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, or 9903.81.98. All antidumping, countervailing, or
other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed. Entries of derivative iron or steel products
under headings 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99 shall also be subject to the additional duties imposed
on entries of derivative aluminum products by headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07 and 9903.85.08, provided that the derivative
iron or steel products otherwise satisfy all conditions necessary for application of the additional duties on entries of derivative
aluminum products.

For goods classified in chapter 73, the additional ad valorem duty imposed by headings 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97 and 9903.81.99
shall only apply to the declared value of the steel content of the derivative article. The quantity of the steel content shall be
reported in kg for headings 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97 and 9903.81.99, in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through
97 for the derivative steel article, in accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

(s)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.81.96 apply to all imported derivative iron or steel products classifiable in the
provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in this subdivision:

(A)

(B)

nails, tacks (other than thumb tacks), drawing pins, corrugated nails, staples (other than those of heading 8305) and
similar articles, of iron or steel, whether or not with heads of other material (excluding such articles with heads of
copper), suitable for use in powder-actuated handtools, threaded (described in subheading 7317.00.30)

nails, tacks (other than thumb tacks), drawing pins, corrugated nails, staples (other than those of heading 8305) and
similar articles, of iron or steel, whether or not with heads of other material (excluding such articles with heads of
copper), of one piece construction, whether or not made of round wire; the foregoing described in statistical reporting
numbers 7317.00.5503, 7317.00.5505, 7317.00.5507, 7317.00.5560, 7317.00.5580 or 7317.00.6560 only and not in
other statistical reporting numbers of subheadings 7317.00.55 and 7317.00.65

(C)

bumper stampings of steel, the foregoing comprising parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings 8701
to 8705 (described in subheading 8708.10.30); and

(D)

body stampings of steel, for tractors suitable for agricultural use (described in subheading 8708.29.21).

(t)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.81.97 apply to all imported derivative iron or steel products that are classified
in the following subheadings of the HTSUS, unless the derivative iron or steel product was processed in another country
from steel articles that were melted and poured in the United States: 7216.91.0010; 7301.20.10; 7301.20.50; 7302.30.00;
7302.90.9000; 7307.19.30; 7307.19.90; 7307.21.10; 7307.21.50; 7307.22.10; 7307.22.50; 7307.23.00; 7307.29.00;
7307.91.10; 7307.91.30; 7307.91.50; 7307.92.30; 7307.92.90; 7307.93.30; 7307.93.60; 7307.93.90; 7307.99.10; 7307.99.30;
7307.99.50; 7308.10.00; 7308.20.00; 7308.30.10; 7308.30.50; 7308.40.00; 7308.90.30; 7308.90.60; 7308.90.70; 7308.90.95;
7309.00.00; 7310.10.00; 7310.21.00; 7310.29.00; 7311.00.00; 7312.10.05; 7312.10.10; 7312.10.20; 7312.10.30; 7312.10.50;
7312.10.60; 7312.10.70; 7312.10.80; 7312.10.90; 7312.90.00; 7313.00.00; 7314.12.10; 7314.12.20; 7314.12.30; 7314.12.60;
7314.12.90; 7314.14.10; 7314.14.20; 7314.14.30; 7314.14.60; 7314.14.90; 7314.19.01; 7314.20.00; 7314.31.10; 7314.31.50;
7314.39.00; 7314.41.00; 7314.42.00; 7314.49.30; 7314.49.60; 7314.50.00; 7315.11.00; 7315.12.00; 7315.19.00; 7315.20.10;
7315.20.50; 7315.81.00; 7315.82.10; 7315.82.30; 7315.82.50; 7315.82.70; 7315.89.10; 7315.89.30; 7315.89.50; 7315.90.00;
7316.00.00; 7317.00.10; 7317.00.20; 7317.00.55; 7317.00.65; 7317.00.75; 7318.11.00; 7318.12.00; 7318.13.00; 7318.14.10;
7318.14.50; 7318.15.20; 7318.15.40; 7318.15.50; 7318.15.60; 7318.15.80; 7318.16.00; 7318.19.00; 7318.21.00; 7318.22.00;
7318.23.00; 7318.24.00; 7318.29.00; 7319.40.20; 7319.40.30; 7319.40.50; 7319.90.10; 7319.90.90; 7320.10.30; 7320.10.60;
7320.10.90; 7320.20.10; 7320.20.50; 7320.90.10; 7320.90.50; 7321.11.10; 7321.11.30; 7321.11.60; 7321.12.00; 7321.19.00;
7321.81.10; 7321.81.50; 7321.82.10; 7321.82.50; 7321.89.00; 7321.90.10; 7321.90.20; 7321.90.40; 7321.90.50; 7321.90.60;
7322.19.00; 7322.90.00; 7323.10.00; 7323.93.00; 7323.94.00; 7323.99.10; 7323.99.30; 7323.99.50; 7323.99.70; 7323.99.90;
7324.10.00; 7324.29.00; 7324.90.00; 7325.91.00; 7325.99.10; 7325.99.50; 7326.11.00; 7326.19.00; 7326.20.00; 7326.90.10;
7326.90.25; 7326.90.35; 7326.90.45; 7326.90.60; 7326.90.86.

For subheadings 7317.00.55 and 7317.00.65, this provision shall apply to those statistical reporting numbers not specifically
enumerated in subdivision (s) above.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 64
U.S. Notes (con.)

(u)

The rates of duty in heading 9903.81.98 apply to: (1) all imported derivative iron or steel products that are classified in the
following subheadings of the HTSUS, including products admitted into a U.S. foreign trade zone under ‘‘privileged foreign
status’’ as defined by 19 CFR 146.41, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June 4, 2025, unless the derivative iron
or steel product was processed in another country from steel articles that were melted and poured in the United States:
8431.31.00; 8431.42.00; 8431.49.10; 8431.49.90; 8432.10.00; 8432.90.00; 8547.90.00; 9403.20.00; 9405.99.20; 9405.99.40;
9406.20.00; 9406.90.01; (2) all imported derivative iron or steel products that are classified in the following subheadings
of the HTSUS, including products admitted into a U.S. foreign trade zone under ‘‘privileged foreign status’’ as defined by
19 CFR 146.41, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June 23, 2025, unless the derivative iron or steel product was
processed in another country from steel articles that were melted and poured in the United States: 8418.10.00; 8418.30.00;
8418.40.00; 8422.11.00; 8450.11.00; 8450.20.00; 8451.21.00; 8451.29.00; 8509.80.20; 8516.60.40; 9403.99.9020; and
(3) all imported derivative iron or steel products that are classified in the following provisions of the HTSUS, including
products admitted into a U.S. foreign trade zone under ‘‘privileged foreign status’’ as defined by 19 CFR 146.41, prior to
12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on August 18, 2025, unless the derivative iron or steel product was processed in another
country from steel articles that were melted and poured in the United States: 0402.99.68; 0402.99.70; 0402.99.90;
2106.90.9998; 2710.19.3050; 2711.12.0020; 2804.29.0010; 2804.40.0000; 2901.22.0000; 2903.42.1000; 2903.43.10;
2903.44.10; 2903.45.10; 2903.49.00; 2903.51.10; 2903.59.90; 2903.71.0100; 3004.90.9244; 3208.10.00; 3208.20.00;
3208.90.00; 3209.10.00; 3209.90.00; 3213.90.00; 3214.10.00; 3303.00.10; 3303.00.20; 3303.00.30; 3304.30.00; 3304.99.50;
3305.10.00; 3305.30.00; 3305.90.00; 3306.90.00; 3307.10.10; 3307.10.20; 3307.20.00; 3307.49.00; 3307.90.00; 3401.30.10;
3401.30.50; 3402.31.90; 3402.49.90; 3402.50.11; 3402.50.51; 3402.90.10; 3402.90.30; 3402.90.50; 3403.19.10; 3403.19.50;
3403.99.00; 3405.10.00; 3405.20.00; 3405.40.00; 3405.90.00; 3506.10.50; 3506.91.10; 3506.91.50; 3506.99.00; 3808.59.10;
3808.59.40; 3808.61.10; 3808.61.50; 3808.62.10; 3808.62.50; 3808.69.10; 3808.69.50; 3808.91.15; 3808.91.25; 3808.91.30;
3808.91.50; 3808.94.10; 3808.94.50; 3809.91.00; 3810.10.00; 3811.19.00; 3811.21.00; 3814.00.10; 3814.00.20; 3814.00.50;
3820.00.00; 3824.99.9397; 3827.61.0000; 3827.62.0000; 3827.63.0000; 3827.64.0000; 3827.65.0000; 3925.20.00;
3926.90.10; 7614.10.10; 8202.39.0040; 8203.40.60; 8205.59.55; 8205.70.00; 8207.20.0070; 8207.30.6062; 8207.30.6095;
8211.10.00; 8211.91.10; 8211.91.20; 8211.91.25; 8211.91.30; 8211.91.40; 8211.91.50; 8211.91.80; 8211.92.20; 8211.92.40;
8211.92.60; 8211.92.90; 8211.93.00; 8211.94.10; 8211.94.50; 8211.95.10; 8211.95.50; 8211.95.90; 8215.10.00; 8215.20.00;
8215.91.30; 8215.91.60; 8215.91.90; 8215.99.01; 8215.99.05; 8215.99.10; 8215.99.15; 8215.99.20; 8215.99.22; 8215.99.24;
8215.99.26; 8215.99.30; 8215.99.35; 8215.99.40; 8215.99.45; 8215.99.50; 8302.10.60; 8302.41.30; 8302.41.60; 8302.42.30;
8302.49.60; 8305.20.00; 8307.10.60; 8401.40.0000; 8403.10.00; 8406.90.4000; 8407.21.00; 8407.90.10; 8407.90.90;
8408.20.10; 8408.20.90; 8409.91.50; 8409.91.92; 8409.91.99; 8409.99.91; 8409.99.92; 8409.99.99; 8410.90.0000;
8411.81.80; 8412.21.00; 8412.29.80; 8412.90.9070; 8412.90.9075; 8413.81.00; 8413.91.9055; 8413.91.9060; 8413.91.9096;
8414.30.40; 8414.80.16; 8414.90.30; 8414.90.41; 8415.10.30; 8415.10.60; 8415.10.90; 8415.81.01; 8415.82.01; 8415.83.00;
8415.90.40; 8415.90.80; 8417.90.0000; 8418.21.00; 8418.29.20; 8418.99.40; 8419.81.50; 8421.29.00; 8424.10.0000;
8424.89.90; 8425.42.00; 8426.20.00; 8426.99.00; 8427.10.40; 8427.10.80; 8427.20.40; 8427.20.80; 8427.90.00; 8428.32.00;
8428.33.00; 8428.39.00; 8428.60.00; 8428.70.00; 8428.90.03; 8429.11.00; 8429.19.00; 8429.20.00; 8429.30.00; 8429.40.00;
8429.51.10; 8429.51.50; 8429.52.10; 8429.52.50; 8429.59.10; 8429.59.50; 8431.20.00; 8431.39.00; 8431.41.00; 8431.43.40;
8431.43.80; 8433.11.00; 8433.20.00; 8433.51.00; 8433.59.00; 8433.90.10; 8433.90.50; 8443.16.0000; 8454.20.0010;
8454.20.0060; 8455.30.00; 8455.90.4000; 8455.90.8000; 8457.10.00; 8474.90.00; 8477.10.30; 8477.10.40; 8477.10.90;
8477.90.25; 8477.90.8601; 8479.89.55; 8479.89.65; 8479.90.45; 8479.90.55; 8479.90.65; 8479.90.75; 8479.90.85;
8479.90.95; 8480.49.0010; 8480.71.8045; 8480.71.8060; 8480.79.9010; 8482.10.5004; 8482.10.5008; 8482.10.5012;
8482.10.5016; 8482.10.5024; 8482.10.5028; 8482.10.5032; 8482.10.5036; 8482.10.5052; 8482.10.5056; 8482.10.5060;
8482.10.5064; 8482.10.5068; 8482.20.0064; 8482.20.0067; 8482.20.0090; 8482.99.05; 8482.99.15; 8482.99.25; 8482.99.35;
8482.99.45; 8482.99.65; 8483.10.1010; 8483.10.1050; 8483.10.50; 8483.20.40; 8483.20.80; 8483.30.40; 8483.30.80;
8483.40.10; 8483.40.5020; 8483.40.90; 8483.50.60; 8483.50.90; 8483.60.40; 8483.60.80; 8483.90.20; 8483.90.30;
8483.90.50; 8483.90.70; 8483.90.80; 8501.53.40; 8501.53.60; 8501.53.80; 8501.64.0110; 8502.31.0000; 8503.00.35;
8503.00.45; 8503.00.65; 8503.00.75; 8503.00.90; 8503.00.95; 8504.23.00; 8504.33.00; 8504.90.9634; 8504.90.9638;
8504.90.9642; 8514.20.40; 8514.20.60; 8516.29.00; 8516.60.60; 8601.10.00; 8601.20.00; 8602.10.00; 8602.90.00;
8603.10.00; 8603.90.00; 8604.00.00; 8605.00.00; 8607.11.00; 8607.19.0300; 8607.19.06; 8607.19.12; 8607.19.15;
8607.19.90; 8607.21.50; 8607.30.1010; 8607.30.1050; 8607.30.1090; 8607.30.50; 8607.91.00; 8607.99.50; 8609.00.00;
8701.10.01; 8701.21.0080; 8701.22.0080; 8701.23.0080; 8701.24.0080; 8701.29.0080; 8701.30.10; 8701.30.50; 8701.91.10;
8701.91.50; 8701.92.10; 8701.92.50; 8701.93.10; 8701.93.50; 8701.94.10; 8701.94.50; 8701.95.10; 8701.95.50; 8702.10.31;
8702.10.61; 8703.10.10; 8703.10.50; 8703.21.01; 8705.10.00; 8705.20.00; 8705.90.0010; 8705.90.0020; 8706.00.30;
8708.40.30; 8708.40.60; 8708.92.10; 8708.92.50; 8708.92.60; 8708.92.75; 8708.93.15; 8708.93.30; 8708.99.23; 8708.99.81;
8710.00.00; 8711.30.00; 8711.50.00; 8711.60.00; 8714.10.00; 8716.10.00; 8716.39.00; 8716.80.10; 8716.80.50; 8716.90.10;
8716.90.30; 9401.71.00; 9401.79.00; 9403.10.00; 9403.99.10; 9403.99.9010; 9403.99.9015; 9403.99.9040; 9403.99.9045;
9403.99.9051; 9403.99.9061; 9506.91.00.

For any derivative steel article that is classified in one of the subheadings of the HTSUS that is listed in this subdivision, the
additional ad valorem duty imposed by heading 9903.81.98 shall only apply to the declared value of the steel content of the
derivative article. The quantity of the steel content shall be reported in kg for heading 9903.81.98, in addition to the units
provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the derivative steel article, in accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 65

U.S. Notes (con.)

(v)

Any importer entering the iron or steel products covered by this note under headings 9903.81.94 or 9903.81.95, or any
importer of the derivative iron or steel products covered by this note under headings 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98,
or 9903.81.99 shall provide any information that may be required, and in such form, as is deemed necessary by CBP in
order to permit the administration of these headings.

17. (a)

Subheadings 9903.45.01 through 9903.45.06 and any superior texts thereto establish temporary modifications applicable
to entries of goods described herein and classified in the enumerated provisions of chapter 84 of the tariff schedule.
Whenever any such subheading specifies that the annual aggregate quantity of such goods shall not exceed the quantity
established under the terms of this note, when such goods are not the product of a country enumerated in subdivision (b)
of this note, any entry of such goods that is in excess of the quantity specified for such provision shall be entered under
the over-quota subheading set forth herein for such goods. All such goods shall be subject to duty as provided herein,
and such duties shall be cumulative and imposed in addition to the rate of duty established for any such goods in chapter
84 of the tariff schedule. [Compiler's note: The actions taken under this note and related subheadings expired at
the close of Feb. 7, 2023.]

(b)

For the purposes of this note and the application of subheadings 9903.45.01 through 9903.45.06, inclusive, the following
countries shall not be subject to the rates of duty and tariff-rate quotas provided for herein:

(1)

(2)

Canada; and

the following developing countries that are members of the World Trade Organization: Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria,
Angola, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Burkina
Faso, Burma, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo
(Brazzaville), Congo (Kinshasa), Côte d’Ivoire, Djibouti, Dominica, Ecuador, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Fiji, Gabon, The
Gambia, Georgia, Ghana, Grenada, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana, Haiti, Indonesia, Iraq, Jamaica, Jordan,
Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kiribati, Kosovo, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Maldives, Mali,
Mauritania, Mauritius, Moldova, Mongolia, Montenegro, Mozambique, Namibia, Nepal, Niger, Nigeria, North Macedonia,
Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Philippines, Rwanda, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa,
Sao Tomé and Principe, Senegal, Serbia, Sierra Leone, Solomon Island, Somalia, South Africa, South Sudan, Sri
Lanka, Suriname, Swaziland [Eswatini], Tanzania, Timor-Leste, Togo, Tonga, Tunisia, Tuvalu, Uganda, Ukraine,
Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Yemen (Republic of), Zambia and Zimbabwe.

(c)

(1)

For the purposes of subheadings 9903.45.01 and 9903.45.02 of this subchapter, “household-type (residential) washing
machines, including machines which both wash and dry, whether or not with a dry linen capacity exceeding 10 kg”
(such goods provided for in subheadings 8450.11.00 and 8450.20.00 and reported under statistical reporting numbers
8450.11.0040, 8450.11.0080, 8450.20.0040 and 8450.20.0080, respectively, on the effective date of this note) shall
include the following goods: automatic clothes washing machines, regardless of the orientation of the rotational axis,
each with a cabinet width (measured from its widest point) of at least 62.23 cm and no more than 81.28 cm, except
as provided in this note.

(2)

Subheadings 9903.45.01 and 9903.45.02 shall not apply to the washing machines specified below:

(A)

all stacked washer-dryers and all commercial washers:

(i)

(ii)

The term “stacked washer-dryers” denotes distinct washing and drying machines that are built on a unitary
frame and share a common console that controls both the washer and the dryer.

The term “commercial washer” denotes an automatic clothes washing machine designed for the “pay per
use” segment meeting either of the following two definitions:

(aa)(I)

it contains payment system electronics;

(II)

(III)

it is configured with an externally mounted steel frame at least 15.24 cm high that is designed to
house a coin/token operated payment system (whether or not the actual coin/token operated payment
system is installed at the time of importation);

it contains a push button user interface with a maximum of six manually selectable wash cycle settings,
with no ability of the end user to otherwise modify water temperature, water level or spin speed for
a selected wash cycle setting; and

(IV)

the console containing the user interface is made of steel and is assembled with security fasteners;
or

(bb)(I)

it contains payment system electronics;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 66
U.S. Notes (con.)

(II)

(III)

the payment system electronics are enabled (whether or not the payment acceptance device has
been installed at the time of importation) such that, in normal operation, the unit cannot begin a wash
cycle without first receiving a signal from a bona fide payment acceptance device such as an electronic
credit card reader;

it contains a push button user interface with a maximum of six manually selectable wash cycle settings,
with no ability of the end user to otherwise modify water temperature, water level or spin speed for
a selected wash cycle setting; and

(IV)

the console containing the user interface is made of steel and is assembled with security fasteners.

(B)

automatic clothes washing machines that meet all of the following conditions:

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

they have a vertical rotational axis,

they are top loading; and

they have a drive train consisting, inter alia, of (aa) a permanent split capacitor motor, (bb) a belt drive and
(cc) a flat wrap spring clutch.

(C)

automatic clothes washing machines that meet all of the following conditions:

(i)

(ii)

they have a horizontal rotational axis;

they are front loading; and

(iii)

they have a drive train consisting, inter alia, of (aa) a controlled induction motor and (bb) a belt drive.

(D)

automatic clothes washing machines that meet all of the following conditions:

(i)

(ii)

they have a horizontal rotational axis;

they are front loading; and

(iii)

they have cabinet width (measured from its widest point) of more than 72.39 cm.

(d)

Subject to the provisions of subdivision (i) of this note, for purposes of subheading 9903.45.01 of this subchapter, the duty
rate in the Rates of Duty 1-General subcolumn (and in the Rates of Duty 2 column, as provided therein) for goods entered
under such subheading, and not the product of a country enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note, shall be as follows,
with the duty rates set forth herein applied in addition to those applicable under subheading 8450.11.00 or 8450.20.00:

If entered during the period from
February 7, 2018 through February 6, 2019....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2019 through February 6, 2020 ...................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2020 through February 7, 2021....................................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2021
through February 7, 2022 ................................................................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2022
through February 7, 2023 ................................................................................

20%

18%

16%

15%

14%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 67

U.S. Notes (con.)

(e)

For purposes of subheading 9903.45.02 of this subchapter, the duty rate in the Rates of Duty 1-General subcolumn (and
in the Rates of Duty 2 column, as provided therein) for goods entered under such subheading, and not the product of a
country enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note, shall be as follows, with the duty rates set forth herein applied in addition
to those applicable under subheading 8450.11.00 or 8450.20.00:

If entered during the period from
February 7, 2018 through February 6, 2019....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2019 through February 6, 2020....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2020 through February 7, 2021....................................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2021
through February 7, 2022 ................................................................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2022
through February 7, 2023 ................................................................................

50%

45%

40%

35%

30%

(f)

For purposes of subheadings 9903.45.05 and 9903.45.06 of this subchapter, the term “parts of household-type (residential)
washing machines” shall include the following goods provided for in subheading 8450.90.20 or 8450.90.60 of the tariff
schedule:

(1)

(2)

(3)

all cabinets, or portions thereof, provided for in subheading 8450.90.60 and designed for use in the washing machines
defined in subdivision (c) of this note;

all assembled tubs provided for in subheading 8450.90.20 and designed for use in such washing machines defined
in such subdivision (c) which incorporate, at a minimum: (A) a tub and (B) a seal;

all assembled baskets provided for in subheading 8450.90.60 and designed for use in the washing machines defined
in subdivision (c) of this note, which incorporate, at a minimum: (A) a side wrapper, (B) a base and (C) a drive hub;
and

(4)

any combination of the foregoing parts or subassemblies, provided for in subheading 8450.90.20 or 8540.90.60.

(g)

For the purposes of subheading 9903.45.05 of this subchapter, the annual aggregate quantity of all parts of household-type
(residential) washing machines, as defined in subdivision (f) above, that is eligible to enter under such subheading in any
of the periods enumerated below shall be as follows:

If entered during the period from
February 7, 2018 through February 6, 2019....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2019 through February 6, 2020 ...................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2020 through February 7, 2021....................................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2021
through February 7, 2022 ................................................................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2022
through February 7, 2023 ................................................................................

50,000 units

70,000 units

90,000 units

110,000 units

130,000 units

(h)

For purposes of subheading 9903.45.06 of this subchapter, the duty rate in the Rates of Duty 1-General subcolumn (and
in the Rates of Duty 2 column, as provided therein) for goods entered in any of the periods enumerated below shall be as
follows, with the duty rates set forth herein applied in addition to those applicable under subheading 8450.90.20 or
8450.90.60, as appropriate:

If entered during the period from
February 7, 2018 through February 6, 2019....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2019 through February 6, 2020....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2020 through February 7, 2021....................................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2021
through February 7, 2022 ................................................................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2022
through February 7, 2023 ................................................................................

50%

45%

40%

35%

30%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 68
U.S. Notes (con.)

(i)

For the purposes of subheading 9903.45.01 of this subchapter, the aggregate quantity of all household-type (residential)
washing machines, as defined in subdivision (c) above, that is eligible to enter under such subheading in any of the periods
enumerated below shall be as follows:

If entered during the period from
February 7, 2020 through May 6, 2020.............................................
If entered during the period from
May 7, 2020 through August 6, 2020................................................
If entered during the period from
August 7, 2020 through November 6, 2020......................................
If entered during the period from
November 7, 2020 through February 7, 2021...................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2021
through May 7, 2021.........................................................................
If entered during the period from May 8, 2021
through August 7, 2021 ....................................................................
If entered during the period from August 8, 2021
through November 7, 2021...............................................................
If entered during the period from November 8, 2021
through February 7, 2022 .................................................................
If entered during the period from February 8, 2022
through May 7, 2022.........................................................................
If entered during the period from May 8, 2022
through August 7, 2022 ....................................................................
If entered during the period from August 8, 2022
through November 7, 2022...............................................................
If entered during the period from November 8, 2022
through February 7, 2023..................................................................

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

300,000 units

18. (a)

(b)

Subheadings 9903.45.21 through 9903.45.29 and any superior texts thereto establish temporary modifications applicable
to entries of goods described herein and classified in the enumerated provisions of chapter 85 of the tariff schedule.
Whenever any such subheading specifies that the annual aggregate quantity of such goods shall not exceed the quantity
established under the terms of this note, when such goods are not the product of a country enumerated in subdivision (b)
of this note, any entry of such goods that is in excess of the quantity specified for such provision shall be entered under
the over-quota subheading set forth herein for such goods. All such goods shall be subject to duty as provided herein;
and such duties shall be cumulative and imposed in addition to the rate of duty established for any such goods in chapter
85 of the tariff schedule, except as may be specified for duties imposed under the Rates of Duty 2 column.

For the purposes of this note and the application of subheadings 9903.45.21 through 9903.45.29, inclusive, the following
developing countries that are members of the World Trade Organization shall not be subject to the rates of duty and
tariff-rate quotas provided for therein: Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Angola, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belize, Benin, Bhutan,
Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Burma, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape Verde,
Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo (Brazzaville), Congo (Kinshasa), Côte d’Ivoire, Djibouti, Dominica,
Ecuador, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Fiji, Gabon, The Gambia, Georgia, Ghana, Grenada, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana,
Haiti, Indonesia, Iraq, Jamaica, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kiribati, Kosovo, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia,
Madagascar, Malawi, Maldives, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Moldova, Mongolia, Montenegro, Mozambique, Namibia,
Nepal, Niger, Nigeria, North Macedonia, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Rwanda, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent
and the Grenadines, Samoa, Sao Tomé and Principe, Senegal, Serbia, Sierra Leone, Solomon Island, Somalia, South
Africa, South Sudan, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Swaziland [Eswatini], Tanzania, Timor-Leste, Togo, Tonga, Tunisia, Tuvalu,
Uganda, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Yemen (Republic of), Zambia and Zimbabwe.

(c)

(i)

For the purposes of subheadings 9903.45.21 and 9903.45.22 and heading 9903.45.27, except as otherwise provided
herein, the term “crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells” (“CSPV cells”) means crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells of a
thickness equal to or greater than 20 micrometers, having a p/n junction (or variant thereof) formed by any means,
whether or not the cell (or subassemblies thereof provided for in subheading 8541.42.00 and imported under statistical
reporting number 8541.42.0010) has undergone other processing, including, but not limited to, cleaning, etching,
coating, and/or addition of materials (including, but not limited to, metallization and conductor patterns) to collect and
forward the electricity that is generated by the cell. Such cells include photovoltaic cells that contain crystalline silicon
in addition to other photovoltaic materials. This includes, but is not limited to, passivated emitter rear contact cells,
heterojunction with intrinsic thin-layer cells, and other so-called hybrid cells. Subheadings 9903.45.21 and 9903.45.22
include goods presented in cell form and which at the time of importation are not presented assembled into circuits,
laminates or modules or made up into panels.

(ii)

Subheadings 9903.45.21 and 9903.45.22 and heading 9903.45.27 shall not cover-

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 69

U.S. Notes (con.)

(1)

(2)

thin film photovoltaic products produced from amorphous silicon ("a-Si"), cadmium telluride ("CdTe"), or copper
indium gallium selenide ("CIGS");

CSPV cells, not exceeding 10,000 mm2 in surface area, that are permanently integrated into a consumer good
whose primary function is other than power generation and that consumes the electricity generated by the integrated
CSPV cell. Where more than one CSPV cell is permanently integrated into a consumer good, the surface area
for purposes of this exclusion shall be the total combined surface area of all CSPV cells that are integrated into
the consumer good; and

(3)

CSPV cells, whether or not partially or fully assembled into other products, if such CSPV cells were manufactured
in the United States.

(iii)

Headings 9903.45.25 and 9903.45.27 shall not cover the following goods, whether or not separate statistical reporting
numbers therefor may appear in chapters 1 through 97 of the tariff schedule:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

10 to 60 watt, inclusive, rectangular solar panels, where the panels have the following characteristics: (A) length
of 250 mm or more but not over 482 mm or width of 400 mm or more but not over 635 mm, and (B) surface area
of 1000 cm2 or more but not over 3,061 cm2), provided that no such panel with those characteristics shall contain
an internal battery or external computer peripheral ports at the time of entry;

1 watt solar panels incorporated into nightlights that use rechargeable batteries and have the following dimensions:
58 mm or more but not over 64 mm by 126 mm or more but not over 140 mm;

2 watt solar panels incorporated into daylight dimmers, that may use rechargeable batteries, such panels with
the following dimensions: 75 mm or more but not over 82 mm by 139 mm or more but not over 143 mm;

off-grid and portable CSPV panels, whether in a foldable case or in rigid form containing a glass cover, where the
panels have the following characteristics:

(A)

a total power output of 100 watts or less per panel;

(B)

a maximum surface area of 8,000 cm2 per panel;

(C)

do not include a built-in inverter;

(D)

where the panels have glass covers, such panels must be in individual retail packaging (for purposes of this
provision, retail packaging typically includes graphics, the product name, its description and/or features, and
foam for transport);

3.19 watt or less solar panels, each with length of 75 mm or more but not over 266 mm and width of 46 mm or
more but not over 127 mm, with surface area of 338 cm2 or less, with one black wire and one red wire (each of
type 22 AWG or 24 AWG) not more than 206 mm in length when measured from panel edge, provided that no
such panel shall contain an internal battery or external computer peripheral ports;

27.1 watt or less solar panels, each with surface area less than 3,000 cm2 and coated across the entire surface
with a polyurethane doming resin, the foregoing joined to a battery charging and maintaining unit, such unit which
is an acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (“ABS”) box that incorporates a light emitting diode (“LED”) by coated wires
that include a connector to permit the incorporation of an extension cable.

off-grid, 45 watt or less solar panels, each with length not exceeding 950 mm and width of 100 mm or more but
not over 255 mm, with a surface area of 2,500 cm2 or less, with a pressure-laminated tempered glass cover at
the time of entry but not a frame, electrical cables or connectors, or an internal battery;

4 watt or less solar panels, each with a length or diameter of 70 mm or more but not over 235 mm, with a surface
area not exceeding 539 cm2, and not exceeding 16 volts, provided that no such panel with these characteristics
shall contain an internal battery or external computer peripheral ports at the time of entry;

solar panels with a maximum rated power of equal to or less than 60 watts, having the following characteristics,
provided that no such panel with those characteristics shall contain an internal battery or external computer
peripheral ports at the time of entry: (A) Length of not more than 482 mm and a width of not more than 635 mm
or (B) a total surface area not exceeding 3,061 cm2;

(10)

flexible and semi-flexible off-grid solar panels designed for use with motor vehicles and boats, where the panels
range in rated wattage from 10 to 120 watts, inclusive;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 70
U.S. Notes (con.)

(11)

(12)

(13)

frameless solar panels in a color other than black or blue with a total power output of 90 watts or less where the
panels have a uniform surface without visible solar cells or busbars;

solar cells with a maximum rated power between 3.4 and 6.7 watts, inclusive, having the following characteristics:
(A) A cell surface area between 154 cm2and 260 cm2, inclusive, (B) no visible busbars or gridlines on the front
of the cell, and (C) more than 100 interdigitated fingers of tin-coated solid copper adhered to the back of the cell,
with the copper portion of the metal fingers having a thickness of greater than 0.01 mm;

solar panels with a maximum rated power between 320 and 500 watts, inclusive, having the following characteristics:
(A) Length between 1,556 mm and 2,070 mm inclusive, and width between 1,014 mm and 1,075 mm, inclusive,
(B) where the solar cells comprising the panel have no visible busbars or gridlines on the front of the cells, and
(C) the solar cells comprising the panel have more than 100 interdigitated fingers of tin-coated solid copper
adhered to the back of the cells, with the copper portion of the metal fingers having thickness greater than 0.01
mm;

(14) modules (as defined in note 18(g) to this subchapter) incorporating only CSPV cells that are products of the United

States and not incorporating any CSPV cells that are the product of any other country.

(15)

(16)

flexible fiberglass solar panels without glass components other than fiberglass, such panels having power outputs
ranging from 250 to 900 watts;

solar panels consisting of solar cells arranged in rows that are laminated in the panel and that are separated by
more than 10 mm, with an optical film spanning the gaps between all rows that is designed to direct sunlight onto
the solar cells, and not including panels that lack said optical film or only have a white or other backing layer that
absorbs or scatters sunlight;

[(17)]

[Provision deleted.]

(d)

Any goods covered by this note may also be excluded from the application of relief if they are covered by a determination
by the United States Trade Representative (“USTR”) published in the Federal Register that such goods should be exempt
from the application of any rate of duty or tariff-rate quota otherwise imposed on goods described in the provisions of this
note. Such a determination by the USTR under this subdivision may exempt specific additional CSPV cells or modules
when entered from all countries or when entered from enumerated countries only, or may modify the product descriptions
in subdivision (c) of this note. The USTR is authorized to modify or terminate any such determination during the effective
period of the subheadings specified in the first sentence of subdivision (a) of this note and to specify, subsequent to the
effective date specified in this note, that such CSPV cells and modules will be considered “goods excluded from the
application of relief” upon publication by the USTR of a notice in the Federal Register. Such “goods excluded from the
application of relief” shall not be counted toward any tariff-rate quota quantities specified for any quota period.

(e) (i)

(ii)

For purposes of subheading 9903.45.21, the aggregate annual quantity of goods eligible to enter during any period
enumerated herein shall not exceed the volume level set forth in such subheading, where 1 gigawatt equals 1,000
megawatts.

Any importer entering CSPV cells under subheading 9903.45.21 shall report the electricity power output attributable
to such cells to the satisfaction of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“Customs”) and shall provide such information
as Customs may require in order to permit the administration of this subheading. Such an entry shall constitute a
certification by that importer of the power output attributable to the CSPV cells described therein. Importers are likewise
directed to report the electricity power output attributable to CSPV cells entered under subheading 9903.45.22 to the
extent that and in such form as Customs may require.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 71

U.S. Notes (con.)

(f)

For purposes of subheading 9903.45.22 to this subchapter, the duty rate in the Rates of Duty 1-General subcolumn and
the Rates of Duty 2 column for all goods entered under such subheading, and not the product of a country enumerated
in subdivision (b) of this note, shall be as follows, with the duty rates set forth herein applied in addition to those applicable
under subheading 8541.42.00:

If entered during the period from
February 7, 2018 through February 6, 2019....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2019 through February 6, 2020....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2020 through February 6, 2021 ...................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2021 through February 6, 2022 ...................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2022 through February 6, 2023 ...................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2023 through February 6, 2024 ...................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2024 through February 6, 2025 ...................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2025 through February 6, 2026 ...................................................

30%

25%

20%

18%

14.75%

14.5%

14.25%

14%

(g)

Subject to the provisions of subdivision (c)(iii) of this note, for purposes of headings 9903.45.25 and 9903.45.27 to this
subchapter, the term “modules” shall include the following goods provided for in subheading 8541.43.00 of the tariff
schedule: a module is a joined group of CSPV cells, as such cells are defined in subdivision (c) of this note, regardless
of the number of cells or the shape of the joined group, that are capable of generating electricity. Also included as a
“module” are goods each known as a “panel” comprising a CSPV cell that has undergone any processing, assembly, or
interconnection (including, but not limited to, assembly into a laminate). Such CSPV cells assembled into modules or made
up into panels include goods of a type reported for statistical purposes under statistical reporting number 8541.43.0010.
Such goods also include (i) CSPV cells which are presented attached to inverters or batteries of subheading 8501.80.10
or 8507.20.80, respectively; and (ii) CSPV cells classifiable as DC generators of subheading 8501.71.00 or 8501.72.10.

(h)

For purposes of subheading 9903.45.25 to this subchapter, the duty rate in the Rates of Duty 1-General subcolumn and
the Rates of Duty 2 column in any of the periods enumerated below shall be as follows, with the duty rates set forth herein
applied in addition to those applicable under subheading 8541.43.00:

If entered during the period from
February 7, 2018 through February 6, 2019....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2019 through February 6, 2020....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2020 through February 6, 2021 ...................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2021 through February 6, 2022 ...................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2022 through February 6, 2023....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2023 through February 6, 2024....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2024 through February 6, 2025....................................................
If entered during the period from
February 7, 2025 through February 6, 2026....................................................

30%

25%

20%

18%

14.75%

14.5%

14.25%

14%

(i)

Heading 9903.45.27 applies to the specified goods when they meet the requirements of general note 11 to the tariff
schedule as goods of Canada under the United States-Mexico Canada Agreement and are products of Canada for purposes
of 19 CFR Part 102.

Such duty shall be imposed on the declared value of such modules, including the cost or value of the non-cell portions thereof
(such as aluminum frames), as Customs in its regulations or instructions may require.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 72
U.S. Notes (con.)

(j)

For purposes of heading 9903.45.29, “bifacial solar panels” applies only to bifacial solar panels that absorb light and
generate electricity on each side of the panel and that consist of only bifacial solar cells that absorb light and generate
electricity on each side of the cells, provided that (i) the imported bifacial panels are fulfilling in whole or in part a contract
for sale, purchase, or delivery in the United States that was in effect and dated as executed prior to May 17, 2024, that
provides for importation to or delivery within the United States within 90 days after June 26, 2024, and that has not been
modified on or later than May 17, 2024, with regard to importation or delivery date; (ii) the bifacial panels are entered into
the United States within 90 days after June 26, 2024; (iii) the bifacial panels are declared and entered under heading
9903.45.29, and meet all conditions therefor; and (iv) the importer completes the certification required by U.S. Customs
and Border Protection and provides the completed certification as part of the importer’s electronic entry summary to CBP
by upload to the Document Imaging System in the Automated Commercial Environment at the time that classification is
declared under heading 9903.45.29.

19. (a)

This note and the tariff provisions referred to herein set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment applicable to all entries
of the aluminum products of all countries other than of the United States, when such aluminum products are classifiable
in the headings or subheadings described in subdivision (a)(iii) or (a)(iv) or enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note. All
anti-dumping or countervailing duties, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed,
except as may be expressly provided herein. (Compiler's Note: Subdivisions (a) through (e) shall continue to apply
to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern
daylight time on March 12, 2025, please see subdivisions (f) through (m) of this note.)

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

Except as provided elsewhere in this note, heading 9903.85.01 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of
aluminum products of all countries other than products of the United States and other than of countries expressly
exempt therefrom, pursuant to the article description of such heading. For any such products that are eligible for
special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i)
to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in this heading shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise
applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading, except where prohibited by law. Goods for which entry is claimed
under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for
and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) regulations,
except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article.
No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the aluminum products enumerated in
subdivision (b) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free
treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this
subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.85.01.

Subheadings 9903.85.05 and 9903.85.06, inclusive, provide the ordinary customs duty and quota treatment of such
goods enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note when they are the product of any country enumerated in the superior
text thereto and expressly exempt from the scope of heading 9903.85.01, subject to the limitations in subdivision (e)
of this note.

Effective for goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern
daylight time on March 12, 2025, heading 9903.85.03 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of the derivative
aluminum products enumerated in this subdivision of all countries other than products of the United States and other
than products of countries expressly exempted therefrom. For any products covered by heading 9903.85.03 that are
eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general
note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.85.03 shall be collected in addition to any special
rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading, except where prohibited by law. Goods for
which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein
shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provisions and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties
under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry
or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the derivative aluminum products enumerated in this
subdivision under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking
into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or
subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.85.03. Heading 9903.85.03 shall
apply only to the following derivative aluminum products:

(A)

(B)

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and with steel
core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing fitted with fittings or made up into articles (described in subheading
7614.10.50);

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and not with
steel core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing comprising electrical conductors, not fitted with fittings or made
up into articles (described in subheading 7614.90.20);

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 73

U.S. Notes (con.)

(C)

(D)

(E)

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and not with
steel core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing not comprising electrical conductors, not fitted with fittings or
made up into articles (described in subheading 7614.90.40);

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and not with
steel core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing fitted with fittings or made up into articles (described in subheading
7614.90.50);

bumper stampings of aluminum, the foregoing comprising parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of heading
8701 to 8705 (described in subheading 8708.10.30); and

(F)

body stampings of aluminum, for tractors suitable for agricultural use (described in subheading 8708.29.21).

(iv)

(v)

Heading 9903.85.21 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment for unwrought aluminum, non-alloyed, provided
for in subheading 7601.10 that is the product of Canada, entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for
consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on August 16, 2020, through 12:00 a.m. on September 1,
2020, and during any subsequent period of effectiveness that may be provided under the terms of this note. Heading
9903.85.21 shall not be used for unwrought aluminum, non-alloyed, provided for in subheading 7601.10 that is the
product of Canada, entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m.
on September 1, 2020, unless and until the President provides that heading 9903.85.21 will again be utilized for
imports of these products, including for possible retroactive utilization. For any such products that are eligible for
special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i)
to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.85.21, when applicable to imports of these products, shall
be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading, except
where prohibited by law. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to
the additional duty prescribed in heading 9903.85.21, when such additional duty is applicable, shall be eligible for and
subject to the terms of such provisions and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60
shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or
reduction shall be allowed for the aluminum products enumerated in this paragraph under a provision of chapter 99
that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP,
but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed
in addition to the duty in heading 9903.85.21 when it is applicable.

Subheadings 9903.85.25 through 9903.85.44, inclusive, set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for the aluminum
products (as enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note) of any member country of the European Union enumerated
in this subdivision. Subheadings 9903.85.27 through 9903.85.44 shall be subject to any aggregate annual quantity
established for each such subheading, including any allocations or other limitations that may be announced, in addition
to the aggregate annual quantity set forth in the superior text to any such subheading, all as set forth on the Internet
site of the Department of Commerce at the following link: [https://bis.doc.gov/232-aluminum]. No such country shall
be allowed to import an aggregate quantity under any such subheading during any of the periods January through
June, or July through December in any year that is in excess of the quantity that is allocated to such country by the
Department of Commerce, as set forth on the Internet site of such Department as noted herein. No more than 60
percent of the tariff-rate quota to be filled in the first half of the year. Entries of any product of any such member country
under heading 9903.85.25, when such product is described in an exclusion granted by the Department of Commerce
shall be eligible to utilize such exclusion upon proper claim therefor, and such entries shall be counted against any
annual aggregate quantitative limitation provided under this subdivision. No claim for entry under any provision of
chapter 98 or of subchapter II of chapter 99 shall be allowed to reduce or prevent the application of an additional duty
provided for under this note.A Certificate of Analysis for a smelted (unalloyed) primary aluminum used in a product
imported under the above subheadings, or such other information as may be required by U.S. Customs and Border
Protection, must be supplied by the importer in order to make entry under this subdivision.

The member countries of the European Union that are covered by this subdivision and by heading 9903.85.03 and
subheadings 9903.85.25 through 9903.85.44 shall include the following: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus,
Czechia (Czech Republic), Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 74
U.S. Notes (con.)

(vi)

Subheadings 9903.85.50 through 9903.85.66, inclusive, set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for the aluminum
products (as enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note) of the United Kingdom under tariff-rate quotas administered
by the Department of Commerce. Subheadings 9903.85.50 through 9903.85.66 shall be subject to any aggregate
annual quantity established for each such subheading, including any other limitations that may be announced, in
addition to the aggregate annual quantity set forth in the superior text to any such subheading, all as set forth on the
Internet site of the Department of Commerce at the following link: https://bis.doc.gov/232-aluminum. No entries of any
semi-finished (wrought) aluminum products under subheadings 9903.85.53 through 9903.85.66, inclusive, shall contain
primary aluminum that is the product of the People’s Republic of China, Russia or Belarus. No entry of such aluminum
products under subheadings 9903.85.50 through 9903.85.66, inclusive, during any of the periods January through
June or July through December in any year shall be allowed that is in excess of the quantity that may be allocated by
the Department of Commerce, as set forth on the Internet site of such Department as noted herein. No claim for entry
under any provision of chapter 98 or of subchapter II of chapter 99 shall be allowed to reduce or prevent the application
of an additional duty provided for under this note. A Certificate of Analysis for a smelted (unalloyed) primary aluminum
used in a product imported under the above subheadings, or such other information as may required by U.S. Customs
and Border Protection, must be supplied by the importer in order to make entry under this subdivision.

(vii)(A) Effective for goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern
daylight time on March 12, 2025, heading 9903.85.67 and 9903.85.69 provides the ordinary duty treatment of aluminum
articles that are products of Russia, or where any amount of primary aluminum used in the manufacture of the aluminum
articles is smelted in Russia, or where the aluminum articles are cast in Russia, as enumerated in subdivision (b) of
this note. For any such goods that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or
preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in such heading shall be
collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading, except
where prohibited by law. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to
the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable
U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be
assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction
shall be allowed for the aluminum products enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note under a provision of chapter 99
that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP,
but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed
in addition to the duty in heading 9903.85.67 or 9903.85.69. All shipments of any article that is otherwise eligible to
be entered under a provision that is subject to quantitative limitations, and where any amount of primary aluminum
used in the manufacture of the article is smelted in Russia, or the articles are cast in Russia, shall be entered under
headings 9903.85.67 through 9903.85.70. Except as otherwise provided in this subdivision, the duty provided in these
headings shall be collected on the full value of the article that contains primary aluminum smelted in Russia, or contains
articles cast in Russia.

(B) Effective for goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, prior to 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on March 12, 2025, heading 9903.85.68 and 9903.85.70 provides the ordinary duty treatment of
derivative aluminum articles that are the product of Russia, or where any amount of primary aluminum used in the
manufacture of the derivative aluminum articles is smelted in Russia, or where the derivative aluminum articles are cast
in Russia, as enumerated in subdivision (a)(iii) of this note. For any such products that are eligible for special tariff
treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule,
the duty provided in these headings shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under
the appropriate tariff subheading, except where prohibited by law. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of
chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms
of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under
subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any
exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the aluminum products enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note under a
provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information
supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99
shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.85.68 or 9903.85.70.All shipments of any article that is otherwise
eligible to be entered under a provision that is subject to quantitative limitations, and where any amount of primary
aluminum used in the manufacture of the article is smelted in Russia, or the articles are cast in Russia, shall be entered
under headings 9903.85.67 through 9903.85.70. Except as otherwise provided in this subdivision, the duty provided in
these headings shall be collected on the full value of the article that contains primary aluminum smelted in Russia, or
contains articles cast in Russia.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 75

U.S. Notes (con.)

(viii) Heading 9903.85.71 provides the ordinary duty treatment of aluminum articles enumerated in subdivision (b) of this

note that are products of Mexico and contain primary aluminum for which the primary country of smelt, secondary
country of smelt, or country of most recent cast, is China, Russia, Belarus or Iran. For any such goods that are eligible
for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i)
to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in such heading shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty
otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff heading, except where prohibited by law. A Certificate of Analysis
for a smelted primary aluminum used in a product imported under the above headings, or such other information as
may be required by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, must be supplied by the importer in order to make entry
under this subdivision. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the
additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S.
Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed
based upon the full value of the imported article. Notwithstanding the provisions of this subdivision, for so long as
Proclamation 10522 of February 24, 2023 (“Adjusting Imports of Aluminum Into the United States”) remains in effect,
headings 9903.85.67 and 9903.85.69 shall continue to apply aluminum articles where any amount of primary aluminum
used in the manufacture of the aluminum articles is smelted or cast in Russia.

(ix)

Heading 9903.85.72 provides the ordinary duty treatment of derivative aluminum articles that are the product of Mexico,
and contain primary aluminum for which the primary country of smelt, secondary country of smelt, or country of most
recent cast, is China, Russia, Belarus or Iran. For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under
any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty
provided in these headings shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the
appropriate tariff heading, except where prohibited by law. A Certificate of Analysis for a smelted primary aluminum
used in a product imported under the above headings, or such other information as may be required by U.S. Customs
and Border Protection, must be supplied by the importer in order to make entry under this subdivision. Goods for
which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein
shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of
the imported article. Notwithstanding the provisions of this subdivision, for so long as Proclamation 10522 of February
24, 2023 (“Adjusting Imports of Aluminum Into the United States”) remains in effect, headings 9903.85.68 and
9903.85.70 shall continue to apply to derivative aluminum articles where any amount of primary aluminum used in
the manufacture of the derivative aluminum articles is smelted or cast in Russia.

(b)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.85.01 and subheadings 9903.85.05 and 9903.85.06, inclusive, apply to all
imported products of aluminum classifiable in the provisions enumerated in this subdivision:

(i)

(ii)

unwrought aluminum provided for in heading 7601:

bars, rods and profiles provided for in heading 7604; wire provided for in heading 7605;

(iii)

plates, sheets and strip provided for in heading 7606; foil provided for in heading 7607;

(iv)

tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings provided for in heading 7608 and 7609;

(v)

castings and forgings of aluminum provided for in subheading 7616.99.51.

Any reference above to aluminum products classifiable in any heading or subheading of chapter 76, as the case may be,
shall mean that any good provided for in the article description of such heading or subheading and of all its subordinate
provisions (both legal and statistical) is covered by the provisions of this note and related tariff provisions.

(c)

The Secretary of Commerce may determine and announce any exclusions from headings 9903.85.01,9903.85.03,
9903.85.21, and 9903.85.67 through 9903.85.70 that may be appropriate for individual derivative aluminum products or
individual aluminum products otherwise covered by subdivision (a)(iii) or subdivision (b) of this note, respectively, or for
individual shipments thereof, whether or not limited to particular quantities of any such goods or shipments, and shall
immediately convey all such determinations to U.S. Customs and Border Protection ("CBP") for implementation by CBP
at the earliest possible opportunity, but not later than five business days after the date on which CBP receives any such
determination from Commerce. Pursuant to subheading 9903.85.11 and superior text thereto, the Secretary may provide
that any excluded product shall be granted entry into the customs territory of the United States when the applicable
quantitative limitation has filled for the specified period for such good.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 76
U.S. Notes (con.)

(d)

(e)

(f)

Any importer entering the aluminum products covered by this note under heading 9903.85.01, heading 9903.85.21, or
headings 9903.85.67 through 9903.85.70, inclusive, and subheadings 9903.85.06 and 9903.85.11 and subheadings
9903.85.25 through 9903.85.44, inclusive, or any importer of derivative aluminum products covered by this note under
heading 9903.85.03, shall provide any information that may be required, and in such form, as is deemed necessary by
CBP in order to permit the administration of this subheading. Importers are likewise directed to report information concerning
any applicable exclusion granted by Commerce in such form as CBP may require. [Compiler's note: Text shown based
on Feb. 24 proclaimed language. Importers of derivative products under 9903.85.68 or 9903.85.70 may want to
consult CBP to ensure they report accurately.]

Subheadings 9903.85.05 and 9903.85.06, inclusive, set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for the aluminum
products (as enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note) of any country enumerated in the superior text to such subheadings,
subject to the annual aggregate quantitative limitations proclaimed for these subheadings and as set forth on the Internet
site of CBP at the following link: https://www.cbp.gov/trade/quota. Beginning on July 1, 2018, imports from any such country
in an aggregate quantity under any such subheading during any of the periods January through March, April through June,
July through September, or October through December in any year that is in excess of 500,000 kg and in excess of 30
percent of the total aggregate quantity provided for a calendar year for such country, as set forth on the Internet site of
CBP, shall not be allowed.

Except as provided in heading 9903.96.02, 9903.02.76, and 9903.02.81, heading 9903.85.02 provides the ordinary customs
duty treatment applicable to all entries of aluminum products, as enumerated in subdivision (g) of this note, of all countries,
other than aluminum products of the United Kingdom, as provided in subdivision (o) of this note and heading 9903.85.12
of this chapter, other than products of the United States. For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment
under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty
provided in heading 9903.85.02 shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the
appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to
the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S.
Customs and Border Protection (‘‘CBP’’) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed
based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed
for the aluminum products enumerated in subdivision (g) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a
lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty
prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in
heading 9903.85.02. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue
to be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.85.02, except that aluminum products shall not be subject to: (1)
the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under heading 9903.01.10; and (2) the additional
duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading 9903.01.01.

For goods classified in chapter 76, the additional ad valorem duty imposed by headings 9903.85.02 shall only apply to the
declared value of the aluminum content of the article. The quantity of the aluminum content shall be reported in kg for headings
9903.85.02, in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the aluminum article, in accordance with Statistical
Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

(g)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.85.02 apply to all entries of aluminum products classifiable in the headings
and subheadings enumerated in this subdivision:

(i)

(ii)

unwrought aluminum provided for in heading 7601;

bars, rods and profiles provided for in heading 7604;

(iii)

wire provided for in heading 7605;

(iv)

plates, sheets and strip provided for in 7606;

(v)

foil provided for in heading 7607;

(vi)

tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings provided for in heading 7608 and 7609; and

(vii)

castings and forgings of aluminum provided for in subheading 7616.99.51.

Any reference above to aluminum products classifiable in any heading or subheading of chapter 76, as the case may be,
shall mean that any good provided for in the article description of such heading or subheading and of all its subordinate
provisions (both legal and statistical) is covered by the provisions of this note and related tariff provisions.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 77

U.S. Notes (con.)

(h)

Except as provided in heading 9903.96.02, 9903.02.76, and 9903.02.81, headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07 and 9903.85.08
provide the ordinary customs duty treatment applicable to all entries of derivative aluminum products from all countries,
other than derivative aluminum products of the United Kingdom, as provided in subdivisions (q), (r) and (s) of this note
and headings 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15 of this chapter, classifiable in the headings or subheadings
enumerated in subdivisions (i), (j) and (k), respectively, of this note. For any such derivative aluminum products that are
eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note
3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in such subheadings shall be collected in addition to any special rate of
duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Derivative aluminum products for which entry is claimed
under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and
subject to the terms of such provisions and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60
shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction
shall be allowed for such derivative aluminum products under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of
duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed
in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in headings
9903.85.04, 9903.85.07 or 9903.85.08. All anti-dumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such
goods shall continue to be imposed, except that aluminum derivative products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
and 9903.85.08 shall not be subject to: (1) the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under
heading 9903.01.10; and (2) the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading
9903.01.01. Entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07 and 9903.85.08 shall also
be subject to the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron and steel products by headings 9903.81.89,
9903.81.90, 9903.81.91 and 9903.81.93, provided that the derivative aluminum products otherwise satisfy all conditions
necessary for application of the additional duties on entries of derivative iron and steel products.

For goods classified in chapter 76, the additional ad valorem duty imposed by headings 9903.85.04, and 9903.85.07 shall
only apply to the declared value of the aluminum content of the derivative article. The quantity of the aluminum content shall
be reported in kg for headings 9903.85.04 and 9903.85.07, in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the
derivative aluminum article, in accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

(i)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.85.04 apply to all entries of derivative aluminum products classifiable in the
subheadings enumerated in this subdivision:

(A)

(B)

(C)

(D)

(E)

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and with steel core,
not electrically insulated; the foregoing fitted with fittings or made up into articles (described in subheading 7614.10.50);

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and not with steel
core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing comprising electrical conductors, not fitted with fittings or made up into
articles (described in subheading 7614.90.20);

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and not with steel
core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing not comprising electrical conductors, not fitted with fittings or made up
into articles (described in subheading 7614.90.40);

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and not with steel
core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing fitted with fittings or made up into articles (described in subheading
7614.90.50);

bumper stampings of aluminum, the foregoing comprising parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of heading
8701 to 8705 (described in subheading 8708.10.30); and

(F)

body stampings of aluminum, for tractors suitable for agricultural use (described in subheading 8708.29.21).

(j)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.85.07 apply to all entries of derivative aluminum products classifiable in the
following provisions of the HTSUS, unless the derivative aluminum product was processed in another country from aluminum
articles that were smelted and cast in the United States: 7610.10.00; 7610.90.00; 7612.10.0000; 7612.90.10; 7612.90.5000;
7613.00.0000; 7614.10.10; 7615.10.2015; 7615.10.2025; 7615.10.3015; 7615.10.3025; 7615.10.5020; 7615.10.5040;
7615.10.7125; 7615.10.7130; 7615.10.7155; 7615.10.7180; 7615.10.9100; 7615.20.0000; 7616.10.9090; 7616.99.1000;
7616.99.5130; 7616.99.5140; 7616.99.5190.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 78
U.S. Notes (con.)

(k)

(l)

(m)

The rates of duty in heading 9903.85.08 apply to all entries of derivative aluminum products classifiable in the following
HTSUS provisions, unless the derivative aluminum product was processed in another country from aluminum articles that
were smelted and cast in the United States: 0402.99.68; 0402.99.70; 0402.99.90; 2106.90.9998; 2203.00.00; 2710.19.3050;
2903.43.10; 2903.45.10; 2903.49.00; 2903.51.10; 2903.59.90; 3004.90.9244; 3208.10.00; 3208.20.00; 3208.90.00;
3209.10.00; 3209.90.00; 3213.90.00; 3214.10.00; 3303.00.10; 3303.00.20; 3303.00.30; 3304.30.00; 3304.99.50; 3305.10.00;
3305.30.00; 3305.90.00; 3306.90.00; 3307.10.10; 3307.10.20; 3307.20.00; 3307.49.00; 3307.90.00; 3401.30.10; 3401.30.50;
3402.31.90; 3402.49.90; 3402.50.11; 3402.50.51; 3402.90.10; 3402.90.30; 3402.90.50; 3403.19.10; 3403.19.50; 3403.99.00;
3405.10.00; 3405.20.00; 3405.40.00; 3405.90.00; 3506.10.50; 3506.91.10; 3506.91.50; 3506.99.00; 3701.30.0000;
3808.59.10; 3808.59.40; 3808.61.10; 3808.61.50; 3808.62.10; 3808.62.50; 3808.69.10; 3808.69.50; 3808.91.15; 3808.91.25;
3808.91.30; 3808.91.50; 3808.94.10; 3808.94.50; 3809.91.00; 3810.10.00; 3811.19.00; 3811.21.00; 3814.00.10; 3814.00.20;
3814.00.50; 3820.00.00; 3824.99.9397; 6603.90.8100; 7308.20.0035; 8302.10.3000; 8302.10.6030; 8302.10.6060;
8302.10.6090; 8302.20.0000; 8302.30.3010; 8302.30.3060; 8302.41.3000; 8302.41.6015; 8302.41.6045; 8302.41.6050;
8302.41.6080; 8302.42.3010; 8302.42.3015; 8302.42.3065; 8302.49.6035; 8302.49.6045; 8302.49.6055; 8302.49.6085;
8302.50.0000; 8302.60.3000; 8302.60.9000; 8305.10.0050; 8306.30.0000; 8307.90.6000; 8309.90.0020; 8309.90.0025;
8412.90.9070; 8412.90.9075; 8414.59.6590; 8414.80.16; 8415.90.8025; 8415.90.8045; 8415.90.8085; 8418.10.00;
8418.99.8005; 8418.99.8050; 8418.99.8060; 8419.50.1000; 8419.50.5000; 8419.90.1000; 8422.90.0640; 8424.89.90;
8424.90.9080; 8443.16.0000; 8450.11.00; 8451.21.00; 8467.22.00; 8467.29.00; 8467.81.00; 8467.89.50; 8473.30.2000;
8473.30.5100; 8479.89.9599; 8479.90.8500; 8479.90.9596; 8481.90.9060; 8481.90.9085; 8483.40.5020; 8483.90.5020;
8486.90.0000; 8487.90.0080; 8501.64.0110; 8502.20.00; 8502.31.0000; 8503.00.9520; 8503.00.9546; 8503.00.9570;
8504.31.20; 8504.31.40; 8504.31.60; 8504.33.00; 8504.34.00; 8504.90.20; 8504.90.41; 8504.90.65; 8504.90.75; 8504.90.96;
8508.70.0000; 8513.90.2000; 8515.90.2000; 8516.90.5000; 8516.90.8050; 8517.71.0000; 8517.79.0000; 8529.90.7300;
8529.90.9760; 8536.90.8585; 8538.10.0000; 8541.90.0000; 8543.90.8885; 8544.19.00; 8544.42.90; 8544.49.2000;
8544.49.9000; 8544.60.2000; 8544.60.6000; 8547.90.0020; 8547.90.0030; 8547.90.0040; 8708.10.3050; 8708.10.60;
8708.29.5160; 8708.80.6590; 8708.99.6890; 8716.39.0040; 8716.80.5010; 8807.30.0060; 9013.90.8000; 9031.90.9195;
9401.79.00; 9401.99.9030; 9401.99.9070; 9403.10.00; 9403.20.00; 9403.99.1040; 9403.99.9010; 9403.99.9015;
9403.99.9020; 9403.99.9040; 9403.99.9045; 9405.99.4020; 9506.11.4080; 9506.51.4000; 9506.51.6000; 9506.59.4040;
9506.70.2090; 9506.91.0010; 9506.91.0020; 9506.91.0030; 9506.99.0510; 9506.99.0520; 9506.99.0530; 9506.99.1500;
9506.99.2000; 9506.99.2580; 9506.99.2800; 9506.99.5500; 9506.99.6080; 9507.30.2000; 9507.30.4000; 9507.30.6000;
9507.30.8000; 9507.90.6000; 9603.90.8050.

For any derivative aluminum product that is classified in one of the HTSUS provisions that is listed in this subdivision, the
additional ad valorem duty imposed by heading 9903.85.08 shall only apply to the declared value of the aluminum content
of the derivative article. The quantity of the aluminum content shall be reported in kg for heading 9903.85.08, in addition to
the units provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the derivative aluminum article, in accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of
Chapter 99.

Any importer entering the aluminum products covered by this note under heading 9903.85.02, or derivative aluminum
products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07, 9903.85.08 or 9903.85.09 shall provide any information that may be
required, and in such form, as is deemed necessary by CBP in order to permit the administration of these headings.

(A) Effective with respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after
12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on March 12, 2025, headings 9903.85.67 and 9903.85.69 provides the ordinary duty
treatment of aluminum articles that are products of Russia, as enumerated in subdivision (g) of this note, or where any
amount of primary aluminum used in the manufacture of the aluminum articles is smelted in Russia, or where the aluminum
articles are cast in Russia. For any such goods that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade
agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in such headings
shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading,
except where prohibited by law. Any such goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are
subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and
applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value
of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the aluminum products
enumerated in subdivision (g) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide
duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision
of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.85.67 or
9903.85.69. All shipments of any such article that is otherwise eligible to be entered under a provision that is subject to
quantitative limitations, and where any amount of primary aluminum used in the manufacture of the article is smelted in
Russia, or the articles are cast in Russia, shall be entered under headings 9903.85.67 through 9903.85.70. Except as
otherwise provided in this subdivision, the duty provided in these headings shall be collected on the full value of the article
that contains primary aluminum smelted in Russia, or contains articles cast in Russia.

(B) Effective with respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01
a.m. eastern daylight time on March 12, 2025, headings 9903.85.68 and 9903.85.70 provides the ordinary duty treatment of
derivative aluminum articles, as enumerated in subdivisions (i), (j) and (k) of this note, that are the product of Russia, or where
any amount of primary aluminum used in the manufacture of the derivative aluminum articles is smelted in Russia, or where
the derivative aluminum articles are cast in Russia. For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 79

U.S. Notes (con.)

any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided
in these headings shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff
subheading, except where prohibited by law. Derivative aluminum articles for which entry is claimed under a provision of
chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of
such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based
upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any exemption or reduction shall be allowed for such
derivative aluminum products under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free
treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this
subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.85.68 or 9903.85.70. All
shipments of any such derivative aluminum article that is otherwise eligible to be entered under a provision that is subject to
quantitative limitations, and where any amount of primary aluminum used in the manufacture of the derivative aluminum
article is smelted in Russia, or the articles are cast in Russia, shall be entered under headings 9903.85.67 through 9903.85.70.
Except as otherwise provided in this subdivision, the duty provided in these headings shall be collected on the full value of
the article that contains primary aluminum smelted in Russia, or contains articles cast in Russia.

(n)

Except as provided in heading 9903.96.01 of this subchapter, heading 9903.85.12 provides the ordinary customs duty
treatment applicable to all entries of aluminum products of the United Kingdom, as enumerated in subdivision (o) of this
note. For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.85.12 shall be collected in
addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is
claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible
for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (‘‘CBP’’) regulations,
except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No
claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the aluminum products enumerated in subdivision
(o) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking
into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or
subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.85.12. All antidumping, countervailing,
or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty in heading
9903.85.12.

For goods classified in chapter 76, the additional ad valorem duty imposed by headings 9903.85.12 shall only apply to the
declared value of the aluminum content of the article. The quantity of the aluminum content shall be reported in kg for headings
9903.85.12, in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the aluminum article, in accordance with Statistical
Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

(o)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.85.12 apply to all entries of aluminum products of the United Kingdom classifiable
in the headings and subheadings enumerated in this subdivision:

(i)

(ii)

unwrought aluminum provided for in heading 7601;

bars, rods and profiles provided for in heading 7604;

(iii)

wire provided for in heading 7605;

(iv)

plates, sheets and strip provided for in 7606;

(v)

foil provided for in heading 7607;

(vi)

tubes, pipes and tube or pipe fittings provided for in headings 7608 and 7609; and

(vii)

castings and forgings of aluminum provided for in subheading 7616.99.51.

Any reference above to aluminum products classifiable in any heading or subheading of chapter 76, as the case may be,
shall mean that any good provided for in the article description of such heading or subheading and of all its subordinate
provisions (both legal and statistical) is covered by the provisions of this note and related tariff provisions.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 80
U.S. Notes (con.)

(p)

Except as provided in heading 9903.96.01] of this subchapter, headings 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15 provide
the ordinary customs duty treatment applicable to all entries of derivative aluminum products of the United Kingdom
classifiable in the headings or subheadings enumerated in subdivisions (q), (r) and (s), respectively, of this note. For any
such derivative aluminum products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or
preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in such subheadings shall be
collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Derivative
aluminum products for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties
prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provisions and applicable CBP regulations, except
that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for
entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for such derivative aluminum products under a provision of
chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied
by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be
imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 or 9903.85.15. All anti-dumping, countervailing, or
other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed. Entries of derivative aluminum products
under headings 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15 shall also be subject to the additional duties imposed on entries
of derivative iron and steel products by headings 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99, provided that the
derivative aluminum products otherwise satisfy all conditions necessary for application of the additional duties on entries
of derivative iron and steel products.

For goods classified in chapter 76, the additional ad valorem duty imposed by headings 9903.85.13 and 9903.85.14 shall
only apply to the declared value of the aluminum content of the derivative article. The quantity of the aluminum content shall
be reported in kg for headings 9903.85.13 and 9903.85.14, in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the
derivative aluminum article, in accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

(q)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.85.13 apply to all entries of derivative aluminum products of the United Kingdom
classifiable in the subheadings enumerated in this subdivision:

(A)

(B)

(C)

(D)

(E)

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and with steel core,
not electrically insulated; the foregoing fitted with fittings or made up into articles (described in subheading 7614.10.50);

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and not with steel
core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing comprising electrical conductors, not fitted with fittings or made up into
articles (described in subheading 7614.90.20);

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and not with steel
core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing not comprising electrical conductors, not fitted with fittings or made up
into articles (described in subheading 7614.90.40);

stranded wire, cables, plaited bands and the like, including slings and similar articles, of aluminum and not with steel
core, not electrically insulated; the foregoing fitted with fittings or made up into articles (described in subheading
7614.90.50);

bumper stampings of aluminum, the foregoing comprising parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of heading
8701 to 8705 (described in subheading 8708.10.30); and

(F)

body stampings of aluminum, for tractors suitable for agricultural use (described in subheading 8708.29.21).

(r)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.85.14 apply to all entries of derivative aluminum products of the United Kingdom
classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, unless the derivative aluminum product was processed in another
country from aluminum articles that were smelted and cast in the United States: 7610.10.00; 7610.90.00; 7612.10.0000;
7612.90.10; 7612.90.5000; 7613.00.0000; 7614.10.10; 7615.10.2015; 7615.10.2025; 7615.10.3015; 7615.10.3025;
7615.10.5020; 7615.10.5040; 7615.10.7125; 7615.10.7130; 7615.10.7155; 7615.10.7180; 7615.10.9100; 7615.20.0000;
7616.10.9090; 7616.99.1000; 7616.99.5130; 7616.99.5140; 7616.99.5190.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 81

U.S. Notes (con.)

(s)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.85.15 apply to all entries of derivative aluminum products of the United Kingdom
classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, unless the derivative aluminum product was processed in another
country from aluminum articles that were smelted and cast in the United States:0402.99.68; 0402.99.70; 0402.99.90;
2106.90.9998; 2203.00.00; 2710.19.3050; 2903.43.10; 2903.45.10; 2903.49.00; 2903.51.10; 2903.59.90; 3004.90.9244;
3208.10.00; 3208.20.00; 3208.90.00; 3209.10.00; 3209.90.00; 3213.90.00; 3214.10.00; 3303.00.10; 3303.00.20; 3303.00.30;
3304.30.00; 3304.99.50; 3305.10.00; 3305.30.00; 3305.90.00; 3306.90.00; 3307.10.10; 3307.10.20; 3307.20.00; 3307.49.00;
3307.90.00; 3401.30.10; 3401.30.50; 3402.31.90; 3402.49.90; 3402.50.11; 3402.50.51; 3402.90.10; 3402.90.30; 3402.90.50;
3403.19.10; 3403.19.50; 3403.99.00; 3405.10.00; 3405.20.00; 3405.40.00; 3405.90.00; 3506.10.50; 3506.91.10; 3506.91.50;
3506.99.00; 3701.30.0000; 3808.59.10; 3808.59.40; 3808.61.10; 3808.61.50; 3808.62.10; 3808.62.50; 3808.69.10;
3808.69.50; 3808.91.15; 3808.91.25; 3808.91.30; 3808.91.50; 3808.94.10; 3808.94.50; 3809.91.00; 3810.10.00; 3811.19.00;
3811.21.00; 3814.00.10; 3814.00.20; 3814.00.50; 3820.00.00; 3824.99.9397; 6603.90.8100; 7308.20.0035; 8302.10.3000;
8302.10.6030; 8302.10.6060; 8302.10.6090; 8302.20.0000; 8302.30.3010; 8302.30.3060; 8302.41.3000; 8302.41.6015;
8302.41.6045; 8302.41.6050; 8302.41.6080; 8302.42.3010; 8302.42.3015; 8302.42.3065; 8302.49.6035; 8302.49.6045;
8302.49.6055; 8302.49.6085; 8302.50.0000; 8302.60.3000; 8302.60.9000; 8305.10.0050; 8306.30.0000; 8307.90.6000;
8309.90.0020; 8309.90.0025; 8412.90.9070; 8412.90.9075; 8414.59.6590; 8414.80.16; 8415.90.8025; 8415.90.8045;
8415.90.8085; 8418.10.00; 8418.99.8005; 8418.99.8050; 8418.99.8060; 8419.50.1000; 8419.50.5000; 8419.90.1000;
8422.90.0640; 8424.89.90; 8424.90.9080; 8443.16.0000; 8450.11.00; 8451.21.00; 8467.22.00; 8467.29.00; 8467.81.00;
8467.89.50; 8473.30.2000; 8473.30.5100; 8479.89.9599; 8479.90.8500; 8479.90.9596; 8481.90.9060; 8481.90.9085;
8483.40.5020; 8483.90.5020; 8486.90.0000; 8487.90.0080; 8501.64.0110; 8502.20.00; 8502.31.0000; 8503.00.9520;
8503.00.9546; 8503.00.9570; 8504.31.20; 8504.31.40; 8504.31.60; 8504.33.00; 8504.34.00; 8504.90.20; 8504.90.41;
8504.90.65; 8504.90.75; 8504.90.96; 8508.70.0000; 8513.90.2000; 8515.90.2000; 8516.90.5000; 8516.90.8050;
8517.71.0000; 8517.79.0000; 8529.90.7300; 8529.90.9760; 8536.90.8585; 8538.10.0000; 8541.90.0000; 8543.90.8885;
8544.19.00; 8544.42.90; 8544.49.2000; 8544.49.9000; 8544.60.2000; 8544.60.6000; 8547.90.0020; 8547.90.0030;
8547.90.0040; 8708.10.3050; 8708.10.60; 8708.29.5160; 8708.80.6590; 8708.99.6890; 8716.39.0040; 8716.80.5010;
8807.30.0060; 9013.90.8000; 9031.90.9195; 9401.79.00; 9401.99.9030; 9401.99.9070; 9403.10.00; 9403.20.00;
9403.99.1040; 9403.99.9010; 9403.99.9015; 9403.99.9020; 9403.99.9040; 9403.99.9045; 9405.99.4020; 9506.11.4080;
9506.51.4000; 9506.51.6000; 9506.59.4040; 9506.70.2090; 9506.91.0010; 9506.91.0020; 9506.91.0030; 9506.99.0510;
9506.99.0520; 9506.99.0530; 9506.99.1500; 9506.99.2000; 9506.99.2580; 9506.99.2800; 9506.99.5500; 9506.99.6080;
9507.30.2000; 9507.30.4000; 9507.30.6000; 9507.30.8000; 9507.90.6000; 9603.90.8050.

For any derivative aluminum product that is classified in one of the HTSUS provisions listed in this subdivision, the additional
ad valorem duty imposed by heading 9903.85.15 shall only apply to the declared value of the aluminum content of the
derivative article. The quantity of the aluminum content shall be reported in kg for heading 9903.85.15, in addition to the units
provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the derivative aluminum article, in accordance with Statistical Note 1(b) of Chapter 99.

(t)

Any importer entering the aluminum products covered by this note under heading 9903.85.12 or derivative aluminum
products under headings 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14, or 9903.85.15 shall provide any information that may be required, and
in such form as is deemed necessary by CBP in order to permit the administration of these headings.

20. (a)

For the purposes of heading 9903.88.01, products of China, as provided for in this note, shall be subject to an additional
25 percent ad valorem rate of duty. The products of China that are subject to an additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of
duty under heading 9903.88.01 are products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(b)
to subchapter III. All products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(b) to subchapter
III are subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.01, except products of
China granted an exclusion by the U.S. Trade Representative and provided for in: (1) heading 9903.88.05 and U.S. note
20(h) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (2) heading 9903.88.06 and U.S. note 20(i) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (3) heading
9903.88.07 and U.S. note 20(j) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (4) heading 9903.88.08 and U.S. note 20(k) to subchapter
III of chapter 99; (5) heading 9903.88.10 and U.S. note 20(m) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (6) heading 9903.88.11 and
U.S. note 20(n) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (7) heading 9903.88.14 and U.S. note 20(q) to subchapter III of chapter
99; (8) heading 9903.88.19 and U.S. note 20(x) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (9) heading 9903.88.50 and U.S. note
20(ccc) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (10) heading 9903.88.52 and U.S. note 20(eee) to subchapter III of chapter 99;
(11) heading 9903.88.58 and U.S. note 20(kkk) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (12) heading 9903.88.60 and U.S. note
20(mmm) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (13) heading 9903.88.62 and U.S. note 20(ooo) to subchapter III of chapter 99;
(14) heading 9903.88.66 and U.S. note 20(sss)(i) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (15) heading 9903.88.67 and U.S. note
20(ttt)(i) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (16) heading 9903.88.68 and U.S. note 20(uuu)(i) to subchapter III of chapter 99;
or (17) heading 9903.88.69 and U.S. note 20(vvv)(i) to subchapter III of chapter 99. [Compiler's note: only subdivisions
(vvv) and (www)of this note indicating exclusions are now in effect; consult Customs for more information.]

Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of China that are subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem
rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.01 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on products of China
classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(b) to subchapter III.

Products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(b) to subchapter III and that are eligible
for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the HTSUS, or that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 82
U.S. Notes (con.)

reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed
by heading 9903.88.01.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01 do not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60,
and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value
of repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80,
the additional duties apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described
in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of China that are provided for in heading 9903.88.01 and classified in one of the subheadings enumerated in U.S.
note 20(b) to subchapter III shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing, or other duties, fees, exactions and
charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading
9903.88.01.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 83

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

Heading 9903.88.01 applies to all products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings, except products
of China granted an exclusion by the U.S. Trade Representative and provided for in: (1) heading 9903.88.05 and U.S.
note 20(h) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (2) heading 9903.88.06 and U.S. note 20(i) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (3)
heading 9903.88.07 and U.S. note 20(j) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (4) heading 9903.88.08 and U.S. note 20(k) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (5) heading 9903.88.10 and U.S. note 20(m) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (6) heading
9903.88.11 and U.S. note 20(n) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (7) heading 9903.88.14 and U.S. note 20(q) to subchapter
III of chapter 99; (8) heading 9903.88.19 and U.S. note 20(x) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (9) heading 9903.88.50 and
U.S. note 20(ccc) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (10) heading 9903.88.52 and U.S. note 20(eee) to subchapter III of
chapter 99; (11) heading 9903.88.58 and U.S. note 20(kkk) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (12) heading 9903.88.60 and
U.S. note 20(mmm) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (13) heading 9903.88.62 and U.S. note 20(ooo) to subchapter III of
chapter 99; (14) heading 9903.88.66 and U.S. note 20(sss)(i) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (15) heading 9903.88.67
and U.S. note 20(ttt)(i) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (16) heading 9903.88.68 and U.S. note 20(uuu)(i) to subchapter III
of chapter 99; or (17) heading 9903.88.69 and U.S. note 20(vvv)(i) to subchapter III of chapter 99. [Compiler's note: Only
subdivisions (vvv) and (www) are now in effect. The list of subheadings may begin on following page; read
numbers from left to right.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 84
U.S. Notes (con.)

2845.20.00
4011.30.00
8401.30.00
8402.19.00
8404.90.00
8406.10.90
8407.21.00
8408.90.90
8410.13.00
8411.12.40
8411.22.40
8411.82.40
8411.99.10
8412.29.40
8412.80.10
8413.40.00
8413.70.20
8413.91.20
8414.59.30
8414.90.30
8417.10.00
8419.11.00
8419.33.50
8419.39.02
8419.60.50
8419.90.30
8420.10.90
8420.99.20
8421.22.00
8421.91.60
8422.30.11
8422.90.06
8423.30.00
8423.90.10
8425.11.00
8426.99.00
8427.20.80
8428.33.00
8429.11.00
8429.40.00
8429.52.50
8430.31.00
8430.50.50
8431.20.00
8431.42.00
8431.49.90
8432.90.00
8433.51.00
8433.60.00
8436.10.00
8436.91.00
8437.90.00
8438.90.90
8439.91.10
8441.20.00
8441.90.00
8443.11.50
8443.17.00
8443.99.45
8454.90.00
8455.30.00
8456.11.90
8456.20.10
8456.40.10
8456.90.71
8458.11.00

2845.30.00
4012.13.00
8401.40.00
8402.20.00
8405.10.00
8406.81.90
8407.29.00
8409.10.00
8410.90.00
8411.12.80
8411.22.80
8411.82.80
8411.99.90
8412.29.80
8412.80.90
8413.50.00
8413.81.00
8413.91.90
8414.70.00
8414.90.41
8417.80.00
8419.12.00
8419.34.00
8419.40.00
8419.89.60
8419.90.50
8420.91.10
8420.99.90
8421.29.00
8421.99.01
8422.30.91
8422.90.91
8423.82.00
8423.90.90
8425.39.01
8427.10.40
8428.20.00
8428.39.00
8429.19.00
8429.51.10
8429.59.10
8430.39.00
8430.61.00
8431.31.00
8431.43.40
8432.10.00
8433.20.00
8433.52.00
8433.90.50
8436.21.00
8436.99.00
8438.50.00
8439.10.00
8439.91.90
8441.30.00
8442.30.01
8443.12.00
8443.19.30
8444.00.00
8455.10.00
8455.90.80
8456.12.10
8456.20.50
8456.40.90
8457.10.00
8458.19.00

2845.40.00
8401.10.00
8402.11.00
8402.90.00
8405.90.00
8406.82.90
8408.10.00
8410.11.00
8411.11.40
8411.21.40
8411.81.40
8411.91.10
8412.10.00
8412.31.00
8412.90.10
8413.60.00
8413.82.00
8414.30.40
8414.80.05
8414.90.91
8417.90.00
8419.19.01
8419.35.10
8419.50.10
8419.90.10
8419.90.85
8420.91.20
8421.19.00
8421.32.00
8422.19.00
8422.40.11
8423.20.10
8423.89.10
8424.89.10
8426.41.00
8427.10.80
8428.31.00
8428.70.00
8429.20.00
8429.51.50
8429.59.50
8430.41.00
8430.69.01
8431.39.00
8431.43.80
8432.21.00
8433.30.00
8433.53.00
8434.20.00
8436.29.00
8437.10.00
8438.60.00
8439.20.00
8439.99.10
8441.40.00
8442.40.00
8443.13.00
8443.91.10
8454.10.00
8455.21.00
8456.11.10
8456.12.70
8456.30.10
8456.50.00
8457.20.00
8458.91.10

2845.90.01
8401.20.00
8402.12.00
8404.20.00
8406.10.10
8407.10.00
8408.90.10
8410.12.00
8411.11.80
8411.21.80
8411.81.80
8411.91.90
8412.21.00
8412.39.00
8413.19.00
8413.70.10
8413.91.10
8414.30.80
8414.80.20
8416.90.00
8418.69.01
8419.33.10
8419.35.50
8419.50.50
8419.90.20
8419.90.95
8420.91.90
8421.21.00
8421.39.01
8422.20.00
8422.40.91
8423.20.90
8423.89.90
8424.90.20
8426.49.00
8427.20.40
8428.32.00
8428.90.03
8429.30.00
8429.52.10
8430.10.00
8430.49.80
8431.10.00
8431.41.00
8431.49.10
8432.80.00
8433.40.00
8433.59.00
8434.90.00
8436.80.00
8437.80.00
8438.80.00
8439.30.00
8439.99.50
8441.80.00
8443.11.10
8443.14.00
8443.99.20
8454.30.00
8455.22.00
8456.11.70
8456.12.90
8456.30.50
8456.90.31
8457.30.00
8458.91.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 85

U.S. Notes (con.)

8458.99.10
8459.31.00
8459.51.00
8459.70.80
8460.23.00
8460.40.40
8461.20.40
8461.40.10
8461.90.60
8462.23.00
8462.29.00
8462.39.00
8462.59.00
8462.62.50
8462.69.80
8463.20.00
8464.90.01
8465.94.00
8466.20.80
8466.92.10
8466.93.53
8466.93.98
8466.94.85
8468.80.50
8471.70.90
8473.50.30
8474.32.00
8475.10.00
8477.10.30
8477.30.00
8477.90.25
8479.10.00
8479.50.00
8479.89.92
8480.41.00
8480.71.40
8481.30.20
8482.10.50
8482.50.00
8482.99.15
8482.99.65
8483.40.80
8483.60.40
8483.90.70
8484.90.00
8487.10.00
8501.20.50
8501.31.60
8501.33.61
8501.51.40
8501.53.40
8501.64.01
8501.80.30
8502.13.00
8503.00.20
8503.00.75
8504.23.00
8504.40.40
8504.90.96
8505.90.40
8506.40.50
8507.90.80
8514.20.80
8514.32.90
8514.90.80
8515.29.00

8458.99.50
8459.39.00
8459.61.00
8460.12.00
8460.24.00
8460.40.80
8461.20.80
8461.40.50
8462.11.00
8462.24.00
8462.32.10
8462.42.00
8462.61.40
8462.63.40
8462.90.40
8463.30.00
8465.10.00
8465.99.02
8466.30.10
8466.92.50
8466.93.60
8466.94.20
8467.11.10
8471.70.30
8473.30.20
8474.10.00
8474.39.00
8475.21.00
8477.10.40
8477.40.01
8477.90.45
8479.20.00
8479.81.00
8479.90.95
8480.49.00
8480.71.80
8481.30.90
8482.20.00
8482.80.00
8482.99.25
8483.30.40
8483.40.90
8483.90.10
8483.90.80
8485.20.00
8487.90.00
8501.20.60
8501.32.45
8501.34.30
8501.51.50
8501.53.80
8501.72.30
8501.80.90
8502.31.00
8503.00.35
8503.00.90
8504.32.00
8504.90.41
8505.19.10
8505.90.70
8506.50.00
8514.11.00
8514.31.10
8514.39.10
8515.11.00
8515.31.00

8459.10.00
8459.41.00
8459.69.00
8460.19.01
8460.29.01
8460.90.40
8461.30.40
8461.50.40
8462.19.00
8462.25.00
8462.32.50
8462.49.00
8462.61.80
8462.63.80
8462.90.80
8463.90.00
8465.92.00
8466.10.01
8466.30.60
8466.93.11
8466.93.75
8466.94.40
8467.11.50
8471.70.40
8473.40.10
8474.20.00
8474.80.00
8475.90.10
8477.10.90
8477.51.00
8477.90.65
8479.30.00
8479.82.00
8480.20.00
8480.50.00
8481.10.00
8481.40.00
8482.30.00
8482.91.00
8482.99.35
8483.40.10
8483.50.60
8483.90.20
8484.10.00
8485.90.10
8501.10.40
8501.31.20
8501.32.55
8501.34.61
8501.51.60
8501.62.01
8501.72.90
8502.11.00
8502.39.00
8503.00.45
8504.21.00
8504.33.00
8504.90.65
8505.20.00
8505.90.75
8506.60.00
8514.19.00
8514.31.90
8514.39.90
8515.19.00
8515.39.00

8459.21.00
8459.49.00
8459.70.40
8460.22.00
8460.31.00
8460.90.80
8461.30.80
8461.90.30
8462.22.00
8462.26.00
8462.33.00
8462.51.00
8462.62.40
8462.69.40
8463.10.00
8464.20.01
8465.93.00
8466.20.10
8466.91.50
8466.93.30
8466.93.96
8466.94.65
8468.20.50
8471.70.60
8473.40.86
8474.31.00
8474.90.00
8475.90.90
8477.20.00
8477.80.01
8477.90.86
8479.40.00
8479.89.83
8480.30.00
8480.71.10
8481.20.00
8481.90.90
8482.40.00
8482.99.05
8482.99.45
8483.40.30
8483.50.90
8483.90.30
8484.20.00
8485.90.90
8501.20.20
8501.31.50
8501.33.40
8501.51.20
8501.52.80
8501.63.01
8501.80.20
8502.12.00
8502.40.00
8503.00.65
8504.22.00
8504.34.00
8504.90.75
8505.90.30
8506.40.10
8506.90.00
8514.20.60
8514.32.10
8514.40.00
8515.21.00
8515.80.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 86
U.S. Notes (con.)

8515.90.20
8525.50.70
8525.89.20
8527.99.15
8529.90.06
8529.90.21
8529.90.46
8529.90.78
8529.90.93
8530.10.00
8532.21.00
8532.25.00
8533.10.00
8533.40.40
8535.21.00
8535.90.80
8536.41.00
8536.69.40
8537.10.80
8538.90.60
8540.79.10

8543.20.00
8543.70.42
8543.70.97
8543.90.65
8544.30.00
8544.60.40
8603.90.00
8607.19.12
8607.21.50
8607.99.10
8701.30.10
8702.20.61
8703.22.01
8703.32.01
8704.10.10
8704.22.51
8704.41.00
8704.52.00
8706.00.30
8711.50.00
8802.30.01
8805.10.00
8806.21.00
8806.29.00
8806.94.00
8807.30.00
8901.20.00
8905.10.00
8908.00.00
9002.90.95
9011.90.00
9013.20.00
9014.20.60
9014.80.40
9014.90.40
9015.20.80
9015.80.60
9018.11.90
9018.19.40
9018.20.00
9018.90.75
9022.14.00
9022.30.00
9022.90.40

8515.90.40
8525.60.10
8526.10.00
8527.99.40
8529.90.09
8529.90.24
8529.90.63
8529.90.81
8529.90.95
8530.80.00
8532.22.00
8532.29.00
8533.21.00
8533.40.80
8535.29.00
8536.10.00
8536.49.00
8536.90.40
8537.20.00
8538.90.81
8540.79.20
8541.60.00
8543.30.20
8543.70.60
8543.90.12
8543.90.68
8544.49.30
8544.70.00
8604.00.00
8607.19.15
8607.29.10
8607.99.50
8702.10.31
8702.30.31
8703.23.01
8703.33.01
8704.10.50
8704.23.01
8704.42.00
8705.30.00
8709.11.00
8802.11.01
8802.40.01
8805.21.00
8806.22.00
8806.91.00
8806.99.00
8807.90.30
8901.90.00
8905.20.00
9002.90.20
9011.10.40
9012.10.00
9014.10.70
9014.20.80
9014.80.50
9014.90.60
9015.40.40
9015.80.80
9018.12.00
9018.19.55
9018.90.20
9021.50.00
9022.19.00
9022.90.05
9022.90.60

8524.11.10
8525.60.20
8526.91.00
8529.10.40
8529.90.16
8529.90.29
8529.90.68
8529.90.83
8529.90.97
8530.90.00
8532.23.00
8532.30.00
8533.29.00
8533.90.80
8535.30.00
8536.20.00
8536.50.40
8536.90.85
8538.10.00
8539.41.00
8540.89.00

8543.30.90
8543.70.80
8543.90.15
8544.11.00
8544.49.90
8601.10.00
8607.12.00
8607.19.90
8607.29.50
8608.00.00
8702.10.61
8702.30.61
8703.24.01
8703.40.00
8704.21.01
8704.31.01
8704.43.00
8705.40.00
8709.19.00
8802.12.01
8802.60.30
8805.29.00
8806.23.00
8806.92.00
8807.10.00
8807.90.90
8902.00.00
8905.90.50
9002.90.40
9011.10.80
9012.90.00
9014.20.20
9014.80.10
9014.90.10
9015.10.80
9015.40.80
9018.11.30
9018.13.00
9018.19.75
9018.90.30
9022.12.00
9022.21.00
9022.90.15
9022.90.95

8524.91.10
8525.89.10
8526.92.50
8529.90.05
8529.90.19
8529.90.33
8529.90.73
8529.90.89
8529.90.98
8532.10.00
8532.24.00
8532.90.00
8533.31.00
8535.10.00
8535.90.40
8536.30.40
8536.50.90
8537.10.60
8538.90.40
8539.90.00
8541.41.00
8543.10.00
8543.70.20
8543.70.95
8543.90.35
8544.19.00
8544.60.20
8603.10.00
8607.19.06
8607.21.10
8607.91.00
8701.10.01
8702.20.31
8703.21.01
8703.31.01
8703.50.00
8704.22.11
8704.32.01
8704.51.00
8706.00.25
8709.90.00
8802.20.01
8802.60.90
8806.10.00
8806.24.00
8806.93.00
8807.20.00
8901.10.00
8904.00.00
8906.90.00
9002.90.70
9011.20.40
9013.10.45
9014.20.40
9014.80.20
9014.90.20
9015.20.40
9015.80.20
9018.11.60
9018.14.00
9018.19.95
9018.90.60
9022.13.00
9022.29.80
9022.90.25
9024.10.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 87

U.S. Notes (con.)

9024.80.00
9026.80.20
9027.20.50
9027.50.10
9027.89.25
9027.90.54
9027.90.84
9030.20.05
9030.40.00
9030.90.66
9031.10.00
9031.49.40
9031.80.80
9031.90.70
9032.81.00
9032.90.21
9033.00.30

9024.90.00
9026.90.20
9027.20.80
9027.50.40
9027.89.45
9027.90.56
9027.90.88
9030.33.34
9030.82.00
9030.90.68
9031.20.00
9031.49.70
9031.90.21
9031.90.91
9032.89.20
9032.90.41
9033.00.90

9026.10.20
9026.90.40
9027.30.40
9027.50.80
9027.89.80
9027.90.59
9028.90.00
9030.33.38
9030.90.25
9030.90.84
9031.41.00
9031.49.90
9031.90.54
9032.10.00
9032.89.40
9032.90.61

9026.20.40
9026.90.60
9027.30.80
9027.81.00
9027.90.45
9027.90.64
9030.10.00
9030.39.01
9030.90.46
9030.90.89
9031.49.10
9031.80.40
9031.90.59
9032.20.00
9032.89.60
9033.00.20

(c)

For the purposes of heading 9903.88.02, products of China, as provided for in this note, shall be subject to an additional
25 percent ad valorem rate of duty. The products of China that are subject to an additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of
duty under heading 9903.88.02 are products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(d)
to subchapter III. All products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(d) to subchapter
III are subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.02, except products of
China granted an exclusion by the U.S. Trade Representative and provided for in: (1) heading 9903.88.12 and U.S. note
20(o) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (2) heading 9903.88.17 and U.S. note 20(v) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (3)
heading 9903.88.20 and U.S. note 20(y) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (4) heading 9903.88.54 and U.S. note 20(ggg)
to subchapter III of chapter 99; (5) heading 9903.88.59 and U.S. note 20(lll) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (6) heading
9903.88.61 and U.S. note 20(nnn) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (7) heading 9903.88.63 and U.S. note 20(ppp) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (8) heading 9903.88.66 and U.S. note 20(sss)(ii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (9) heading
9903.88.67 and U.S. note 20(ttt)(ii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (10) heading 9903.88.68 and U.S. note 20(uuu)(ii) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (11) heading 9903.88.69 and U.S. note 20(vvv)(ii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; or (12)
heading 9903.88.70 and U.S. note 20(www) to subchapter III of chapter 99. [Compiler's note: only subdivisions (vvv)
and (www) are now in effect.]

Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of China that are subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem
rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.02 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on products of China
classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(d) to subchapter III.

Products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(d) to subchapter III and that are eligible
for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, or that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions
or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed
by heading 9903.88.02.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02 do not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60,
and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value
of repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80,
the additional duties apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described
in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of China that are provided for in heading 9903.88.02 and classified in one of the subheadings enumerated in U.S.
note 20(d) to subchapter III shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing, or other duties, fees, exactions and
charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading
9903.88.02.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 88
U.S. Notes (con.)

(d)

Heading 9903.88.02 applies to all products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings, except products
of China granted an exclusion by the U.S. Trade Representative and provided for in (1) heading 9903.88.12 and U.S. note
20(o) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (2) heading 9903.88.17 and U.S. note 20(v) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (3)
heading 9903.88.20 and U.S. note 20(y) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (4) heading 9903.88.54 and U.S. note 20(ggg)
to subchapter III of chapter 99; (5) heading 9903.88.59 and U.S. note 20(lll) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (6) heading
9903.88.61 and U.S. note 20(nnn) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (7) heading 9903.88.63 and U.S. note 20(ppp) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (8) heading 9903.88.66 and U.S. note 20(sss)(ii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (9) heading
9903.88.67 and U.S. note 20(ttt)(ii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (10) heading 9903.88.68 and U.S. note 20(uuu)(ii) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (11) heading 9903.88.69 and U.S. note 20(vvv)(ii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; or (12)
heading 9903.88.70 and U.S. note 20(www) to subchapter III of chapter 99. [Compiler's note: only subdivisions (vvv)
and (www) now in effect. The list of subheadings may begin on following page; read numbers from left to right.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 89

U.S. Notes (con.)

2710.19.30
3403.19.50
3901.10.10
3901.30.20
3901.90.90
3902.30.00
3903.20.00
3904.10.00
3904.30.60
3904.69.10
3905.12.00
3905.30.00
3906.10.00
3907.10.00
3907.40.00
3907.70.00
3907.99.20
3908.90.70
3909.50.10
3911.10.00
3911.90.25
3911.90.91
3912.90.00
3914.00.60
3916.90.30
3917.23.00
3917.40.00
3919.90.50
3920.43.10
3920.51.50
3920.61.00
3920.69.00
3920.79.10
3920.93.00
3920.99.50
3921.12.19
3921.13.19
3921.90.11
3921.90.25
7002.20.10
7308.90.60
7614.90.20
8407.90.10
8419.89.10
8424.82.00
8432.39.00
8464.10.01
8473.50.90
8486.20.00
8501.10.20
8501.31.81
8501.33.30
8501.72.10
8507.80.82
8511.90.40
8536.50.70
8543.40.00
8544.49.20
8605.00.00
8606.92.00
8607.19.30
8701.22.00
8701.30.50
8701.92.50
8701.94.50
8704.90.01

2710.19.35
3403.99.00
3901.10.50
3901.30.60
3902.10.00
3902.90.00
3903.30.00
3904.21.00
3904.40.00
3904.69.50
3905.19.00
3905.91.10
3906.90.10
3907.21.00
3907.50.00
3907.91.20
3907.99.50
3909.10.00
3909.50.20
3911.20.00
3911.90.35
3912.12.00
3913.90.10
3916.10.00
3916.90.50
3917.29.00
3919.10.10
3920.10.00
3920.43.50
3920.59.10
3920.62.00
3920.71.00
3920.79.50
3920.94.00
3921.11.00
3921.12.50
3921.13.50
3921.90.15
3921.90.29
7308.10.00
7308.90.70
8406.82.10
8407.90.90
8419.89.95
8424.89.90
8432.42.00
8465.95.00
8475.29.00
8486.30.00
8501.10.60
8501.32.20
8501.52.40
8501.72.20
8511.80.20
8529.10.91
8536.70.00
8543.70.45
8544.60.60
8606.10.00
8606.99.01
8607.30.10
8701.23.00
8701.91.10
8701.93.10
8701.95.10
8705.10.00

2710.19.40
3811.21.00
3901.20.10
3901.90.10
3902.20.10
3903.11.00
3903.90.10
3904.22.00
3904.50.00
3904.90.10
3905.21.00
3905.91.50
3906.90.20
3907.29.00
3907.61.00
3907.91.40
3908.10.00
3909.20.00
3909.50.50
3911.90.10
3911.90.45
3912.20.00
3913.90.50
3916.20.00
3917.21.00
3917.31.00
3919.10.20
3920.20.00
3920.49.00
3920.59.40
3920.63.10
3920.73.00
3920.91.00
3920.99.10
3921.12.11
3921.13.11
3921.14.00
3921.90.19
3921.90.40
7308.20.00
7308.90.95
8407.34.05
8408.20.10
8420.10.20
8432.29.00
8443.99.40
8466.30.80
8483.30.80
8486.40.00
8501.20.40
8501.32.61
8501.53.60
8503.00.95
8511.80.40
8533.90.40
8537.10.30
8543.70.98
8601.20.00
8606.30.00
8607.11.00
8607.30.50
8701.24.00
8701.91.50
8701.93.50
8701.95.50
8705.20.00

3403.19.10
3811.29.00
3901.20.50
3901.90.55
3902.20.50
3903.19.00
3903.90.50
3904.30.20
3904.61.00
3904.90.50
3905.29.00
3905.99.80
3906.90.50
3907.30.00
3907.69.00
3907.91.50
3908.90.20
3909.40.00
3910.00.00
3911.90.15
3911.90.70
3912.39.00
3914.00.20
3916.90.10
3917.22.00
3917.32.00
3919.90.10
3920.30.00
3920.51.10
3920.59.80
3920.63.20
3920.79.05
3920.92.00
3920.99.20
3921.12.15
3921.13.15
3921.19.00
3921.90.21
3921.90.50
7308.90.30
7614.10.10
8407.34.35
8419.60.10
8420.99.10
8432.31.00
8455.90.40
8473.50.60
8486.10.00
8486.90.00
8501.31.40
8501.33.20
8501.71.00
8507.80.41
8511.90.20
8536.30.80

8544.49.10
8602.10.00
8606.91.00
8607.19.03
8701.21.00
8701.29.00
8701.92.10
8701.94.10
8704.60.00
8705.90.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 90
U.S. Notes (con.)

8711.10.00
9001.10.00
9025.19.80
9028.20.00
9030.31.00

8711.60.00
9001.20.00
9025.80.10
9028.30.00
9030.32.00

8711.90.01
9014.10.90
9027.10.20
9029.20.40
9030.84.00

8901.30.00
9025.19.40
9028.10.00
9029.90.80
9030.89.01

(e)

For the purposes of heading 9903.88.03, products of China, as provided for in this note, shall be subject to an additional
25 percent ad valorem rate of duty. The products of China that are subject to an additional 25 percent ad valorem
rate of duty under heading 9903.88.03 are products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in
U.S. note 20(f) to subchapter III. All products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note
20(f) to subchapter III are subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.03,
except products of China granted an exclusion by the U.S. Trade Representative and provided for in (1) heading
9903.88.13 and U.S. note 20(p) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (2) heading 9903.88.18 and U.S. note 20(w) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (3) heading 9903.88.33 and U.S. note 20(ll) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (4) heading
9903.88.34 and U.S. note 20(mm) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (5) heading 9903.88.35 and U.S. note 20(nn) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (6) heading 9903.88.36 and U.S. note 20(oo) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (7) heading
9903.88.37 and U.S. note 20(pp) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (8) heading 9903.88.38 and U.S. note 20(qq) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (9) heading 9903.88.40 and U.S. note 20(ss) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (10) heading
9903.88.41 and U.S. note 20(tt) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (11) heading 9903.88.43 and U.S. note 20(vv) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (12) heading 9903.88.45 and U.S. note 20(xx) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (13) heading
9903.88.46 and U.S. note 20(yy) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (14) heading 9903.88.48 and U.S. note 20(aaa) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (15) heading 9903.88.56 and U.S. note 20(iii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (16) heading
9903.88.64 and U.S. note 20(qqq) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (17) heading 9903.88.66 and U.S. note 20(sss)(iii)
to subchapter III of chapter 99; (18) heading 9903.88.67 and U.S. note 20(ttt)(iii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (19)
heading 9903.88.68 and U.S. note 20(uuu)(iii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; or (20) heading 9903.88.69 and U.S.
note 20(vvv)(iii) to subchapter III of chapter 99. [Compiler's note: only subdivisions (vvv) and (www) are now in
effect.]

Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of China that are subject to the additional 25 percent ad
valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.03 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on
products of China classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(f) to subchapter III.

Products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(f) to subchapter III and that are
eligible for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, or that are eligible for temporary duty
exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate
of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.03.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03 do not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties
apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading.
For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of
the United States, as described in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of China that are provided for in heading 9903.88.03 and classified in one of the subheadings enumerated in
U.S. note 20(f) to subchapter III shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing, or other duties, fees, exactions
and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by
heading 9903.88.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 91

U.S. Notes (con.)

(f)

Heading 9903.88.03 applies to all products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings, except
products of China granted an exclusion by the U.S. Trade Representative and provided for in (1) heading 9903.88.13
and U.S. note 20(p) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (2) heading 9903.88.18 and U.S. note 20(w) to subchapter III of
chapter 99; (3) heading 9903.88.33 and U.S. note 20(ll) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (4) U.S. note 20(mm) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (5) heading 9903.88.35 and U.S. note 20(nn) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (6) heading
9903.88.36 and U.S. note 20(oo) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (7) heading 9903.88.37 and U.S. note 20(pp) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (8) heading 9903.88.38 and U.S. note 20(qq) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (9) heading
9903.88.40 and U.S. note 20(ss) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (10) heading 9903:88.41 and U.S. note 20(tt) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (11) heading 9903.88.43 and U.S. note 20(vv) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (12) heading
9903.88.45 and U.S. note 20(xx) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (13) heading 9903.88.46 and U.S. note 20(yy) to
subchapter III of chapter 99; (14) heading 9903.88.48 and U.S. note 20(aaa) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (15)
heading 9903.88.56 and U.S. note 20(iii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (16) heading 9903.88.64 and U.S. note
20(qqq) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (17) heading 9903.88.66 and U.S. note 20(sss)(iii) to subchapter III of chapter
99; (18) heading 9903.88.67 and U.S. note 20(ttt)(iii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (19) heading 9903.88.68 and
U.S. note 20(uuu)(iii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; or (20) heading 9903.88.69 and U.S. note 20(vvv)(iii) to subchapter
III of chapter 99. [Compiler's note: only subdivisions (vvv) and (www) are now in effect.The list of subheadings
may begin on following page; read numbers from left to right.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 92
U.S. Notes (con.)

0203.29.20
0208.90.20
0301.19.00
0301.94.01
0302.13.00
0302.22.00
0302.31.00
0302.35.01
0302.42.00
0302.45.50
0302.49.00
0302.54.11
0302.56.11
0302.71.11
0302.73.11
0302.79.50
0302.84.11
0302.89.11
0302.92.00
0303.13.00
0303.24.00
0303.31.00
0303.39.01
0303.44.00
0303.51.00
0303.56.00
0303.64.00
0303.68.00
0303.84.00
0303.92.00
0304.33.00
0304.43.00
0304.47.00
0304.52.00
0304.56.00
0304.62.00
0304.73.10
0304.79.10
0304.83.10
0304.86.00
0304.89.50
0304.92.90
0304.95.10
0304.99.91
0305.32.00
0305.41.00
0305.49.20
0305.53.00
0305.61.40
0305.63.60
0305.69.20
0305.69.60
0306.11.00
0306.15.00
0306.31.00
0306.34.00
0306.91.00
0306.94.00
0307.12.00
0307.29.01
0307.42.00
0307.52.00
0307.72.00
0307.83.00
0307.91.03
0308.12.00

0203.29.40
0208.90.25
0301.91.00
0301.95.00
0302.14.00
0302.23.00
0302.32.00
0302.36.00
0302.43.00
0302.46.11
0302.51.00
0302.54.50
0302.56.50
0302.71.50
0302.73.50
0302.81.00
0302.84.50
0302.89.50
0302.99.00
0303.14.00
0303.25.01
0303.32.00
0303.41.00
0303.45.01
0303.53.00
0303.57.00
0303.65.00
0303.81.00
0303.89.00
0303.99.00
0304.39.00
0304.44.00
0304.48.00
0304.53.00
0304.57.00
0304.63.00
0304.73.50
0304.79.50
0304.83.50
0304.87.00
0304.91.10
0304.93.10
0304.96.00
0305.20.20
0305.39.20
0305.42.00
0305.49.40
0305.54.00
0305.62.00
0305.64.10
0305.69.30
0305.71.00
0306.12.00
0306.16.00
0306.32.00
0306.35.00
0306.92.00
0306.95.00
0307.19.01
0307.31.00
0307.43.00
0307.59.01
0307.79.01
0307.84.00
0307.92.01
0308.19.01

0206.10.00
0210.19.00
0301.92.00
0301.99.03
0302.19.00
0302.24.00
0302.33.00
0302.39.02
0302.44.00
0302.46.50
0302.52.00
0302.55.11
0302.59.11
0302.72.11
0302.74.00
0302.82.00
0302.85.11
0302.91.20
0303.11.00
0303.19.01
0303.26.00
0303.33.00
0303.42.00
0303.46.00
0303.54.00
0303.59.00
0303.66.00
0303.82.00
0303.91.20
0304.31.00
0304.41.00
0304.45.00
0304.49.01
0304.54.00
0304.59.00
0304.69.00
0304.74.10
0304.82.10
0304.84.00
0304.88.00
0304.91.90
0304.93.90
0304.97.00
0305.20.40
0305.39.40
0305.43.00
0305.51.00
0305.59.00
0305.63.20
0305.64.50
0305.69.40
0305.72.00
0306.14.20
0306.17.00
0306.33.20
0306.36.00
0306.93.20
0306.99.01
0307.21.00
0307.32.00
0307.49.01
0307.60.00
0307.81.00
0307.87.00
0307.99.03
0308.21.00

0208.10.00
0301.11.00
0301.93.02
0302.11.00
0302.21.00
0302.29.01
0302.34.00
0302.41.00
0302.45.11
0302.47.00
0302.53.00
0302.55.50
0302.59.50
0302.72.50
0302.79.11
0302.83.00
0302.85.50
0302.91.40
0303.12.00
0303.23.00
0303.29.01
0303.34.00
0303.43.00
0303.49.02
0303.55.00
0303.63.00
0303.67.00
0303.83.00
0303.91.40
0304.32.00
0304.42.00
0304.46.00
0304.51.01
0304.55.00
0304.61.00
0304.72.50
0304.74.50
0304.82.50
0304.85.00
0304.89.10
0304.92.10
0304.94.90
0304.99.11
0305.31.01
0305.39.61
0305.44.01
0305.52.00
0305.61.20
0305.63.40
0305.69.10
0305.69.50
0305.79.00
0306.14.40
0306.19.01
0306.33.40
0306.39.01
0306.93.40
0307.11.00
0307.22.00
0307.39.01
0307.51.00
0307.71.00
0307.82.00
0307.88.00
0308.11.00
0308.22.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 93

U.S. Notes (con.)

0308.29.01
0309.10.90
0309.90.40
0404.10.05
0404.10.20
0405.10.05
0407.21.00
0408.19.00
0410.90.00
0506.90.00
0511.10.00
0511.99.33
0703.10.30
0704.10.20
0704.90.40
0706.10.40
0707.00.50
0708.20.90
0709.40.40
0709.53.00
0709.59.11
0709.93.20
0709.99.30
0710.21.20
0710.22.20
0710.29.05
0710.30.00
0710.80.40
0710.80.70
0710.90.91
0711.90.20
0712.20.40
0712.33.00
0712.39.21
0712.90.20
0712.90.65
0712.90.85
0713.20.10
0713.31.40
0713.33.20
0713.35.00
0713.40.10
0713.60.60
0713.90.61
0714.20.20
0714.40.10
0714.50.10
0714.90.05
0714.90.44
0714.90.61
0801.32.00
0802.31.00
0802.51.00
0802.99.10
0804.10.20
0804.20.40
0804.30.40
0804.50.80
0805.29.00
0808.10.00
0808.40.40
0810.10.20
0810.40.00
0811.10.00
0811.90.20
0811.90.35

0308.30.00
0309.90.10
0309.90.50
0404.10.08
0404.10.48
0405.10.10
0407.29.00
0408.99.00
0505.90.20
0507.90.00
0511.91.00
0511.99.36
0703.10.40
0704.10.40
0706.10.05
0706.90.20
0708.10.20
0708.90.15
0709.40.60
0709.54.00
0709.59.91
0709.99.05
0709.99.45
0710.21.40
0710.22.25
0710.29.25
0710.40.00
0710.80.45
0710.80.93
0711.40.00
0711.90.50
0712.31.10
0712.34.10
0712.39.40
0712.90.30
0712.90.70
0713.10.10
0713.20.20
0713.32.10
0713.33.40
0713.39.11
0713.40.20
0713.60.80
0713.90.81
0714.30.10
0714.40.20
0714.50.20
0714.90.39
0714.90.46
0801.11.00
0802.11.00
0802.32.00
0802.52.00
0802.99.15
0804.10.40
0804.20.60
0804.30.60
0805.10.00
0806.20.10
0808.30.20
0809.29.00
0810.10.40
0810.70.00
0811.20.20
0811.90.22
0811.90.40

0308.90.01
0309.90.20
0309.90.60
0404.10.11
0404.10.50
0405.10.20
0407.90.00
0409.00.00
0505.90.60
0508.00.00
0511.99.20
0511.99.40
0703.20.00
0704.10.60
0706.10.10
0706.90.30
0708.10.40
0708.90.40
0709.51.01
0709.55.00
0709.60.20
0709.99.10
0709.99.90
0710.22.10
0710.22.37
0710.29.30
0710.80.15
0710.80.50
0710.80.97
0711.51.00
0711.90.65
0712.31.20
0712.34.20
0712.90.10
0712.90.40
0712.90.74
0713.10.20
0713.31.10
0713.32.20
0713.34.20
0713.39.21
0713.50.10
0713.90.11
0714.10.20
0714.30.20
0714.40.50
0714.50.50
0714.90.41
0714.90.48
0801.19.01
0802.12.00
0802.41.00
0802.62.00
0803.10.20
0804.10.60
0804.20.80
0804.50.40
0805.21.00
0806.20.20
0808.30.40
0809.30.20
0810.20.10
0810.90.27
0811.20.40
0811.90.25
0811.90.50

0309.10.05
0309.90.30
0309.90.90
0404.10.15
0404.10.90
0407.19.00
0408.11.00
0410.10.00
0506.10.00
0510.00.40
0511.99.30
0703.10.20
0703.90.00
0704.90.20
0706.10.20
0706.90.40
0708.20.20
0709.40.20
0709.52.05
0709.56.00
0709.60.40
0709.99.14
0710.10.00
0710.22.15
0710.22.40
0710.29.40
0710.80.20
0710.80.65
0710.90.11
0711.59.10
0712.20.20
0712.32.00
0712.39.11
0712.90.15
0712.90.60
0712.90.78
0713.10.40
0713.31.20
0713.33.10
0713.34.40
0713.39.41
0713.50.20
0713.90.50
0714.20.10
0714.30.60
0714.40.60
0714.50.60
0714.90.42
0714.90.51
0801.31.00
0802.22.00
0802.42.00
0802.80.20
0803.90.00
0804.10.80
0804.30.20
0804.50.60
0805.22.00
0806.20.90
0808.40.20
0809.30.40
0810.30.00
0810.90.46
0811.90.10
0811.90.30
0811.90.52

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 94
U.S. Notes (con.)

0811.90.55
0812.90.30
0813.10.00
0813.40.10
0813.40.40
0814.00.10
1001.99.00
1004.10.00
1006.20.20
1006.40.00
1008.21.00
1008.90.01
1102.90.25
1103.11.00
1103.19.90
1104.19.90
1104.29.90
1106.10.00
1106.30.40
1108.12.00
1108.20.00
1201.90.00
1204.00.00
1207.40.00
1207.91.00
1209.10.00
1209.29.91
1209.91.40
1209.99.20
1211.20.15
1211.60.00
1211.90.93
1212.99.20
1214.10.00
1401.90.40
1404.90.40
1504.20.20
1505.00.90
1603.00.90
1604.12.40
1604.13.30
1604.14.22
1604.14.70
1604.16.40
1604.17.50
1604.18.90
1604.19.32
1604.19.82
1604.20.20
1604.20.50
1604.32.40
1605.10.60
1605.29.10
1605.40.10
1605.52.05
1605.54.05
1605.56.05
1605.56.30
1605.58.05
1605.61.00
1701.99.10
1704.90.90
1902.20.00
2001.90.20
2001.90.35
2001.90.50

0811.90.80
0812.90.40
0813.20.10
0813.40.15
0813.40.80
0814.00.40
1003.10.00
1004.90.00
1006.20.40
1007.10.00
1008.29.00
1101.00.00
1102.90.27
1103.13.00
1103.20.00
1104.22.00
1104.30.00
1106.20.10
1107.10.00
1108.13.00
1109.00.10
1202.30.40
1205.10.00
1207.50.00
1207.99.03
1209.21.00
1209.30.00
1209.91.50
1209.99.41
1211.30.00
1211.90.20
1212.21.00
1212.99.30
1214.90.00
1404.20.00
1404.90.90
1504.20.40
1506.00.00
1604.11.20
1604.12.60
1604.13.40
1604.14.30
1604.14.80
1604.16.60
1604.17.60
1604.19.10
1604.19.41
1604.20.05
1604.20.25
1604.20.60
1605.10.05
1605.21.05
1605.30.05
1605.51.05
1605.52.60
1605.54.60
1605.56.10
1605.56.60
1605.58.55
1605.62.00
1701.99.50
1901.90.91
1902.30.00
2001.90.25
2001.90.38
2001.90.60

0812.90.10
0812.90.50
0813.20.20
0813.40.20
0813.40.90
0814.00.80
1003.90.20
1005.90.20
1006.30.10
1007.90.00
1008.30.00
1102.20.00
1102.90.30
1103.19.12
1104.12.00
1104.23.00
1105.10.00
1106.20.90
1107.20.00
1108.14.00
1109.00.90
1202.42.10
1205.90.00
1207.60.00
1208.10.00
1209.25.00
1209.91.10
1209.91.60
1210.10.00
1211.40.00
1211.90.40
1212.29.00
1212.99.92
1401.10.00
1404.90.10
1504.10.20
1504.20.60
1602.32.00
1604.11.40
1604.13.10
1604.13.90
1604.14.40
1604.15.00
1604.17.10
1604.17.80
1604.19.22
1604.19.51
1604.20.10
1604.20.30
1604.31.00
1605.10.20
1605.21.10
1605.30.10
1605.51.40
1605.53.05
1605.55.05
1605.56.15
1605.57.05
1605.59.05
1605.63.00
1702.90.90
1902.19.20
1905.90.10
2001.90.30
2001.90.42
2002.10.00

0812.90.20
0812.90.90
0813.30.00
0813.40.30
0813.50.00
1001.11.00
1003.90.40
1005.90.40
1006.30.90
1008.10.00
1008.50.00
1102.90.20
1102.90.60
1103.19.14
1104.19.10
1104.29.10
1105.20.00
1106.30.20
1108.11.00
1108.19.00
1201.10.00
1202.42.15
1206.00.00
1207.70.00
1208.90.00
1209.29.10
1209.91.20
1209.91.80
1211.20.10
1211.50.00
1211.90.89
1212.92.00
1213.00.00
1401.90.20
1404.90.30
1504.10.40
1505.00.10
1603.00.10
1604.12.20
1604.13.20
1604.14.10
1604.14.50
1604.16.20
1604.17.40
1604.18.10
1604.19.25
1604.19.61
1604.20.15
1604.20.40
1604.32.30
1605.10.40
1605.29.05
1605.40.05
1605.51.50
1605.53.60
1605.55.60
1605.56.20
1605.57.60
1605.59.60
1605.69.00
1704.90.35
1902.19.40
2001.10.00
2001.90.34
2001.90.48
2002.90.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 95

U.S. Notes (con.)

2002.90.80
2004.10.80
2005.40.00
2005.60.00
2005.70.75
2005.91.97
2005.99.41
2005.99.85
2006.00.40
2006.00.90
2007.99.05
2007.99.25
2007.99.48
2007.99.70
2008.11.15
2008.19.15
2008.19.40
2008.20.00
2008.30.40
2008.30.55
2008.40.00
2008.70.10
2008.97.10
2008.99.18
2008.99.28
2008.99.40
2008.99.63
2008.99.91
2009.31.40
2009.49.40
2009.79.00
2009.89.80
2106.10.00
2202.99.30
2202.99.91
2203.00.00
2204.21.50
2206.00.90
2301.10.00
2302.50.00
2304.00.00
2306.41.00
2308.00.98
2309.90.95
2401.20.18
2401.20.31
2401.20.60
2401.20.87
2401.30.13
2401.30.25
2401.30.37
2402.10.80
2402.90.00
2403.19.60
2403.99.31
2404.12.05
2404.19.10
2501.00.00
2505.10.50
2507.00.00
2508.60.00
2510.10.00
2513.10.00
2515.11.00
2516.11.00
2516.90.00

2003.10.01
2004.90.80
2005.51.20
2005.70.25
2005.70.97
2005.99.10
2005.99.50
2005.99.97
2006.00.50
2007.10.00
2007.99.10
2007.99.35
2007.99.50
2007.99.75
2008.11.43
2008.19.20
2008.19.50
2008.30.10
2008.30.42
2008.30.70
2008.50.20
2008.70.20
2008.97.90
2008.99.21
2008.99.29
2008.99.50
2008.99.70
2009.11.00
2009.31.60
2009.50.00
2009.89.20
2009.90.40
2201.10.00
2202.99.35

2204.10.00
2204.21.60
2207.10.30
2301.20.00
2303.10.00
2305.00.00
2306.49.00
2309.10.00
2401.10.44
2401.20.23
2401.20.33
2401.20.75
2401.30.03
2401.30.16
2401.30.27
2401.30.70
2402.20.10
2403.11.00
2403.19.90
2403.99.60
2404.12.10
2404.19.90
2502.00.00
2505.90.00
2508.10.00
2508.70.00
2510.20.00
2513.20.10
2515.12.10
2516.12.00
2517.10.00

2003.90.10
2004.90.85
2005.51.40
2005.70.60
2005.80.00
2005.99.20
2005.99.55
2006.00.20
2006.00.60
2007.91.10
2007.99.15
2007.99.40
2007.99.60
2008.11.02
2008.11.46
2008.19.25
2008.19.85
2008.30.20
2008.30.46
2008.30.80
2008.50.40
2008.80.00
2008.99.05
2008.99.23
2008.99.30
2008.99.60
2008.99.71
2009.29.00
2009.39.60
2009.69.00
2009.89.65
2103.10.00
2201.90.00
2202.99.36

2204.21.20
2204.21.80
2207.10.60
2302.30.00
2303.20.00
2306.20.00
2306.90.01
2309.90.10
2401.20.05
2401.20.26
2401.20.35
2401.20.83
2401.30.06
2401.30.19
2401.30.33
2402.10.30
2402.20.80
2403.19.20
2403.91.43
2403.99.90
2404.12.90
2404.92.00
2503.00.00
2506.10.00
2508.40.01
2509.00.10
2511.20.00
2513.20.90
2515.12.20
2516.20.10
2517.20.00

2003.90.80
2005.20.00
2005.59.00
2005.70.70
2005.91.60
2005.99.30
2005.99.80
2006.00.30
2006.00.70
2007.91.40
2007.99.20
2007.99.45
2007.99.65
2008.11.05
2008.19.10
2008.19.30
2008.19.90
2008.30.30
2008.30.48
2008.30.96
2008.60.00
2008.93.00
2008.99.15
2008.99.25
2008.99.35
2008.99.61
2008.99.80
2009.31.20
2009.41.40
2009.71.00
2009.89.70
2103.90.80
2202.10.00
2202.99.37

2204.21.30
2206.00.45
2209.00.00
2302.40.01
2303.30.00
2306.30.00
2308.00.95
2309.90.70
2401.20.14
2401.20.29
2401.20.57
2401.20.85
2401.30.09
2401.30.23
2401.30.35
2402.10.60
2402.20.90
2403.19.30
2403.99.21
2404.11.00
2404.19.05
2404.99.00
2505.10.10
2506.20.00
2508.50.00
2509.00.20
2512.00.00
2514.00.00
2515.20.00
2516.20.20
2517.30.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 96
U.S. Notes (con.)

2517.41.00
2520.10.00
2522.20.00
2523.29.00
2524.90.00
2528.00.00
2530.20.10
2601.11.00
2607.00.00
2615.10.00
2616.90.00
2619.00.90
2620.21.00
2620.60.90
2620.99.30
2621.90.00
2701.20.00
2705.00.00
2707.30.00
2707.99.10
2707.99.59
2709.00.10
2710.12.25
2710.19.11
2710.19.26
2710.20.10
2711.12.00
2711.21.00
2712.90.20
2713.90.00
2801.10.00
2802.00.00
2804.29.00

2805.12.00
2805.40.00
2808.00.00
2811.11.00
2811.21.00
2811.29.20
2812.12.00
2812.16.00
2813.10.00
2814.10.00
2815.20.00
2817.00.00
2820.10.00
2822.00.00
2824.90.20
2825.30.00
2825.50.30
2825.90.75
2826.19.20
2827.10.00
2827.35.00
2827.39.60
2827.49.10
2827.60.10
2828.90.00
2829.90.40
2830.90.15
2831.10.50
2832.30.10
2833.19.00
2833.25.00
2833.29.30

2517.49.00
2520.20.00
2522.30.00
2523.30.00
2525.10.00
2529.10.00
2530.20.20
2601.12.00
2612.10.00
2615.90.30
2617.90.00
2620.11.00
2620.29.00
2620.91.00
2620.99.50
2701.11.00
2702.10.00
2706.00.00
2707.40.00
2707.99.20
2707.99.90
2709.00.20
2710.12.45
2710.19.16
2710.19.45
2710.20.15
2711.13.00
2711.29.00
2713.11.00
2714.10.00
2801.20.00
2803.00.00
2804.30.00
2804.80.00
2805.19.10
2806.10.00
2809.10.00
2811.12.00
2811.22.10
2811.29.30
2812.13.00
2812.17.00
2813.90.10
2814.20.00
2815.30.00
2818.30.00
2820.90.00
2823.00.00
2824.90.50
2825.40.00
2825.60.00
2825.90.90
2826.19.90
2827.20.00
2827.39.30
2827.39.65
2827.51.00
2827.60.20
2829.11.00
2829.90.61
2830.90.20
2831.90.00
2832.30.50
2833.21.00
2833.27.00
2833.29.40

2518.10.00
2521.00.00
2523.10.00
2523.90.00
2525.20.00
2529.30.00
2530.90.10
2601.20.00
2614.00.30
2615.90.60
2618.00.00
2620.19.30
2620.30.00
2620.99.10
2620.99.75
2701.12.00
2702.20.00
2707.10.00
2707.50.00
2707.99.40
2708.10.00
2710.12.15
2710.12.90
2710.19.24
2710.19.90
2710.20.25
2711.14.00
2712.10.00
2713.12.00
2714.90.00
2801.30.10
2804.10.00
2804.40.00
2804.90.00
2805.19.20
2806.20.00
2809.20.00
2811.19.30
2811.22.50
2811.29.50
2812.14.00
2812.19.00
2813.90.20
2815.11.00
2816.10.00
2819.10.00
2821.10.00
2824.10.00
2825.10.00
2825.50.10
2825.90.10
2826.12.00
2826.30.00
2827.31.00
2827.39.45
2827.39.90
2827.59.25
2827.60.51
2829.19.01
2830.10.00
2830.90.90
2832.10.00
2833.11.10
2833.22.00
2833.29.10
2833.29.45

2518.20.00
2522.10.00
2523.21.00
2524.10.00
2525.30.00
2530.10.00
2530.90.20
2604.00.00
2614.00.60
2616.10.00
2619.00.30
2620.19.60
2620.60.10
2620.99.20
2620.99.85
2701.19.00
2703.00.00
2707.20.00
2707.91.00
2707.99.55
2708.20.00
2710.12.18
2710.19.06
2710.19.25
2710.20.05
2711.11.00
2711.19.00
2712.90.10
2713.20.00
2715.00.00
2801.30.20
2804.21.00
2804.50.00
2805.11.00
2805.19.90
2807.00.00
2810.00.00
2811.19.61
2811.29.10
2812.11.00
2812.15.00
2812.90.00
2813.90.50
2815.12.00
2816.40.10
2819.90.00
2821.20.00
2824.90.10
2825.20.00
2825.50.20
2825.90.15
2826.19.10
2826.90.10
2827.32.00
2827.39.55
2827.41.00
2827.59.51
2828.10.00
2829.90.05
2830.90.10
2831.10.10
2832.20.00
2833.11.50
2833.24.00
2833.29.20
2833.29.51

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 97

U.S. Notes (con.)

2833.30.00
2834.10.50
2834.29.20
2835.24.00
2835.29.20
2835.39.10
2836.40.10
2836.91.00
2836.99.30
2837.20.10
2839.90.10
2840.20.00
2841.50.91
2841.90.20
2841.90.50
2843.10.00
2843.90.00
2845.10.00
2849.90.20
2850.00.10
2852.10.90
2853.90.10
2901.10.30
2901.22.00
2901.24.50
2902.19.00
2902.42.00
2902.60.00
2902.90.30
2903.11.00
2903.15.00
2903.19.60
2903.61.00
2903.72.01
2903.76.01
2903.82.00
2903.89.40
2903.91.20
2903.99.10
2903.99.30
2904.10.15
2904.20.10
2904.20.35
2904.31.00
2904.35.00
2904.99.08
2904.99.35
2905.11.10
2905.14.10
2905.19.10
2905.22.50
2905.32.00
2905.39.90
2905.49.20
2905.59.10
2906.12.00
2906.19.30
2906.29.20
2907.12.00
2907.15.60
2907.19.61
2907.22.50
2907.29.25
2908.19.10
2908.19.60
2908.99.09

2833.40.20
2834.21.00
2834.29.51
2835.25.00
2835.29.30
2835.39.50
2836.40.20
2836.92.00
2836.99.40
2837.20.51
2839.90.50
2840.30.00
2841.61.00
2841.90.30
2842.10.00
2843.21.00
2844.10.10
2847.00.00
2849.90.50
2850.00.20
2852.90.05
2853.90.50
2901.10.40
2901.23.00
2901.29.10
2902.20.00
2902.43.00
2902.70.00
2902.90.40
2903.12.00
2903.19.05
2903.22.00
2903.62.10
2903.73.01
2903.78.00
2903.83.00
2903.89.60
2903.91.30
2903.99.20
2904.10.04
2904.10.32
2904.20.15
2904.20.40
2904.32.00
2904.36.00
2904.99.15
2904.99.40
2905.11.20
2905.14.50
2905.19.90
2905.29.10
2905.39.10
2905.41.00
2905.49.30
2905.59.30
2906.13.10
2906.19.50
2906.29.30
2907.13.00
2907.19.10
2907.19.80
2907.23.00
2907.29.90
2908.19.20
2908.91.00
2908.99.12

2833.40.60
2834.29.05
2835.10.00
2835.26.00
2835.29.51
2836.20.00
2836.50.00
2836.99.10
2836.99.50
2839.11.00
2840.11.00
2841.30.00
2841.69.00
2841.90.40
2842.90.10
2843.29.01
2844.10.20
2849.10.00
2850.00.05
2850.00.50
2852.90.90
2853.90.90
2901.10.50
2901.24.10
2901.29.50
2902.30.00
2902.44.00
2902.90.10
2902.90.60
2903.13.00
2903.19.10
2903.23.00
2903.69.10
2903.74.01
2903.79.90
2903.89.15
2903.89.70
2903.92.00
2903.99.23
2904.10.08
2904.10.37
2904.20.20
2904.20.45
2904.33.00
2904.91.00
2904.99.20
2904.99.47
2905.12.00
2905.16.00
2905.22.10
2905.29.90
2905.39.20
2905.42.00
2905.49.40
2905.59.90
2906.13.50
2906.21.00
2906.29.60
2907.15.10
2907.19.20
2907.21.00
2907.29.05
2908.11.00
2908.19.25
2908.92.00
2908.99.15

2834.10.10
2834.29.10
2835.22.00
2835.29.10
2835.31.00
2836.30.00
2836.60.00
2836.99.20
2837.11.00
2839.19.00
2840.19.00
2841.50.10
2841.90.10
2841.90.45
2842.90.90
2843.30.00
2844.10.50
2849.90.10
2850.00.07
2852.10.10
2853.10.00
2901.10.10
2901.21.00
2901.24.20
2902.11.00
2902.41.00
2902.50.00
2902.90.20
2902.90.90
2903.14.00
2903.19.30
2903.29.00
2903.71.01
2903.75.01
2903.81.00
2903.89.20
2903.91.10
2903.94.00
2903.99.27
2904.10.10
2904.10.50
2904.20.30
2904.20.50
2904.34.00
2904.99.04
2904.99.30
2904.99.50
2905.13.00
2905.17.00
2905.22.20
2905.31.00
2905.39.60
2905.49.10
2905.49.50
2906.11.00
2906.19.10
2906.29.10
2907.11.00
2907.15.30
2907.19.40
2907.22.10
2907.29.15
2908.19.05
2908.19.35
2908.99.03
2908.99.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 98
U.S. Notes (con.)

2908.99.33
2909.11.00
2909.19.60
2909.30.40
2909.44.01
2909.49.20
2909.50.20
2909.60.10
2910.20.00
2910.90.10
2911.00.50
2912.19.20
2912.21.00
2912.42.00
2912.49.55
2912.50.50
2913.00.50
2914.13.00
2914.23.00
2914.29.50
2914.40.10
2914.40.90
2914.61.00
2914.79.30
2915.12.00
2915.24.00
2915.29.50
2915.36.00
2915.39.40
2915.39.70
2915.40.30
2915.50.50
2915.90.10
2915.90.50
2916.13.00
2916.15.51
2916.19.30
2916.31.11
2916.32.10
2916.39.03
2916.39.17
2917.11.00
2917.13.00
2917.19.15
2917.19.27
2917.32.00
2917.36.00
2917.39.15
2918.11.10
2918.13.20
2918.15.10
2918.17.00
2918.19.15
2918.21.50
2918.23.50
2918.29.20
2918.29.65
2918.30.25
2918.91.00
2919.10.00
2919.90.50
2920.19.50
2920.29.00
2921.11.00
2921.19.31
2921.22.10

2908.99.40
2909.19.14
2909.20.00
2909.30.60
2909.49.05
2909.49.30
2909.50.40
2909.60.20
2910.30.00
2910.90.20
2912.11.00
2912.19.25
2912.29.10
2912.49.10
2912.49.60
2912.60.00
2914.11.10
2914.19.00
2914.29.10
2914.31.00
2914.40.20
2914.50.10
2914.69.10
2914.79.60
2915.13.10
2915.29.10
2915.31.00
2915.39.10
2915.39.45
2915.39.80
2915.40.50
2915.60.10
2915.90.14
2916.11.00
2916.14.10
2916.16.00
2916.19.50
2916.31.20
2916.32.20
2916.39.04
2916.39.21
2917.12.10
2917.14.10
2917.19.17
2917.19.35
2917.33.00
2917.37.00
2917.39.20
2918.11.51
2918.13.30
2918.15.50
2918.18.00
2918.19.60
2918.23.10
2918.29.04
2918.29.22
2918.29.75
2918.30.30
2918.99.05
2919.90.15
2920.11.00
2920.21.00
2920.30.00
2921.13.00
2921.19.61
2921.22.50

2908.99.80
2909.19.18
2909.30.05
2909.41.00
2909.49.10
2909.49.60
2909.50.45
2909.60.50
2910.40.00
2910.90.91
2912.12.00
2912.19.30
2912.29.30
2912.49.15
2912.49.90
2913.00.20
2914.11.50
2914.22.10
2914.29.30
2914.39.10
2914.40.40
2914.50.30
2914.71.00
2914.79.90
2915.13.50
2915.29.20
2915.32.00
2915.39.20
2915.39.47
2915.39.90
2915.50.10
2915.60.50
2915.90.18
2916.12.10
2916.14.20
2916.19.10
2916.20.10
2916.31.30
2916.34.10
2916.39.06
2916.39.46
2917.12.20
2917.14.50
2917.19.20
2917.19.40
2917.34.01
2917.39.04
2917.39.30
2918.12.00
2918.13.50
2918.16.10
2918.19.11
2918.19.90
2918.23.20
2918.29.06
2918.29.30
2918.30.10
2918.30.70
2918.99.18
2919.90.25
2920.19.10
2920.23.00
2920.90.10
2921.14.00
2921.21.00
2921.29.00

2908.99.90
2909.19.30
2909.30.20
2909.43.00
2909.49.15
2909.50.10
2909.50.50
2910.10.00
2910.50.00
2911.00.10
2912.19.10
2912.19.50
2912.29.60
2912.49.26
2912.50.10
2913.00.40
2914.12.00
2914.22.20
2914.29.31
2914.39.90
2914.40.60
2914.50.50
2914.79.10
2915.11.00
2915.21.00
2915.29.30
2915.33.00
2915.39.31
2915.39.60
2915.40.10
2915.50.20
2915.70.01
2915.90.20
2916.12.50
2916.15.10
2916.19.20
2916.20.50
2916.31.50
2916.34.55
2916.39.16
2916.39.77
2917.12.50
2917.19.10
2917.19.23
2917.20.00
2917.35.00
2917.39.12
2917.39.70
2918.13.10
2918.14.00
2918.16.50
2918.19.12
2918.21.10
2918.23.30
2918.29.08
2918.29.39
2918.30.15
2918.30.90
2918.99.43
2919.90.30
2920.19.40
2920.24.00
2920.90.20
2921.19.11
2921.22.05
2921.30.05

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 99

U.S. Notes (con.)

2921.30.10
2921.41.20
2921.42.22
2921.43.04
2921.43.22
2921.44.05
2921.45.10
2921.49.10
2921.51.30
2921.59.17
2921.59.80
2922.16.00
2922.21.25
2922.29.10
2922.29.27
2922.39.05
2922.39.45
2922.43.10
2922.49.26
2922.49.49
2923.20.10
2923.90.01
2924.21.04
2924.21.20
2924.23.70
2924.29.10
2924.29.33
2924.29.71
2925.11.00
2925.19.91
2925.29.20
2926.20.00
2926.90.05
2926.90.17
2926.90.48
2927.00.15
2927.00.40
2928.00.50
2929.10.27
2929.90.15
2930.20.90
2930.90.10
2930.90.42
2931.10.00
2931.45.00
2931.90.22
2932.11.00
2932.19.51
2932.95.00
2932.99.32
2933.19.08
2933.19.30
2933.19.45
2933.29.05
2933.29.43
2933.31.00
2933.69.20
2933.79.08
2933.79.40
2934.10.20
2934.20.20
2934.20.40
2942.00.05
3006.93.60
3102.21.00
3102.50.00

2921.30.30
2921.42.15
2921.42.23
2921.43.08
2921.43.24
2921.44.10
2921.45.20
2921.49.45
2921.51.50
2921.59.20
2922.11.00
2922.17.00
2922.21.50
2922.29.13
2922.29.29
2922.39.14
2922.39.50
2922.43.50
2922.49.30
2922.49.60
2923.20.20
2924.12.00
2924.21.08
2924.21.45
2924.23.75
2924.29.20
2924.29.43
2924.29.77
2925.19.30
2925.21.00
2925.29.60
2926.30.10
2926.90.11
2926.90.25
2926.90.50
2927.00.18
2927.00.50
2929.10.10
2929.10.35
2929.90.20
2930.30.60
2930.90.26
2930.90.43
2931.20.00
2931.46.00
2931.90.30
2932.12.00
2932.92.00
2932.96.00
2932.99.35
2933.19.15
2933.19.35
2933.19.70
2933.29.10
2933.29.45
2933.32.10
2933.69.50
2933.79.15
2933.79.85
2934.10.90
2934.20.25
2939.80.00
2942.00.10
3006.93.80
3102.29.00
3102.60.00

2921.30.50
2921.42.16
2921.42.36
2921.43.15
2921.43.40
2921.44.20
2921.45.25
2921.49.50
2921.59.04
2921.59.30
2922.12.00
2922.18.00
2922.29.03
2922.29.20
2922.29.61
2922.39.17
2922.42.10
2922.49.05
2922.49.37
2922.49.80
2923.30.00
2924.19.11
2924.21.12
2924.21.50
2924.25.00
2924.29.28
2924.29.47
2924.29.80
2925.19.42
2925.29.10
2925.29.90
2926.30.20
2926.90.14
2926.90.30
2927.00.03
2927.00.25
2928.00.15
2929.10.15
2929.10.55
2929.90.50
2930.40.00
2930.90.29
2930.90.46
2931.41.00
2931.47.00
2931.90.60
2932.13.00
2932.93.00
2932.99.08
2932.99.39
2933.19.18
2933.19.37
2933.19.90
2933.29.20
2933.29.60
2933.32.50
2933.71.00
2933.79.20
2933.92.00
2934.20.10
2934.20.30
2940.00.60
2942.00.35
3101.00.00
3102.30.00
3102.80.00

2921.41.10
2921.42.21
2921.42.90
2921.43.19
2921.43.90
2921.44.70
2921.45.90
2921.51.10
2921.59.08
2921.59.40
2922.15.00
2922.21.10
2922.29.08
2922.29.26
2922.29.81
2922.39.25
2922.42.50
2922.49.10
2922.49.43
2923.10.00
2923.40.00
2924.19.80
2924.21.16
2924.23.10
2924.29.01
2924.29.31
2924.29.65
2924.29.95
2925.19.70
2925.29.18
2926.10.00
2926.90.01
2926.90.16
2926.90.43
2927.00.06
2927.00.30
2928.00.25
2929.10.20
2929.90.05
2930.20.10
2930.60.00
2930.90.30
2930.90.49
2931.42.00

2931.90.70
2932.19.10
2932.94.00
2932.99.21
2932.99.70
2933.19.23
2933.19.43
2933.21.00
2933.29.35
2933.29.90
2933.61.00
2933.79.04
2933.79.30
2934.10.10
2934.20.15
2934.20.35
2942.00.03
2942.00.50
3102.10.00
3102.40.00
3102.90.01

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 100
U.S. Notes (con.)

3103.11.00
3104.30.00
3105.30.00
3105.60.00
3201.90.10
3202.10.50
3203.00.30
3204.11.35
3204.12.17
3204.12.50
3204.13.45
3204.14.20
3204.15.20
3204.15.40
3204.16.50
3204.17.40
3204.19.06
3204.19.30
3204.90.00
3205.00.50
3206.41.00
3206.49.30
3206.50.00
3207.40.10
3208.90.00
3211.00.00
3213.90.00
3215.11.10
3215.19.30
3301.13.00
3303.00.20
3304.30.00
3305.10.00
3306.90.00
3307.30.10
3307.90.00
3401.30.10
3402.31.90
3402.41.90
3402.49.10
3402.90.10
3403.11.40
3404.20.00
3405.20.00
3502.11.00
3506.91.10
3507.90.20
3701.20.00
3701.99.60
3702.39.01
3702.44.01
3702.55.00
3702.98.00
3703.20.60
3705.00.00
3707.10.00
3801.10.10
3801.90.00
3802.90.50
3805.10.00
3806.20.00
3808.59.40
3808.69.10
3808.91.25
3808.92.15
3808.92.50

3103.19.00
3104.90.01
3105.40.00
3105.90.00
3201.90.25
3202.90.10
3203.00.80
3204.11.50
3204.12.20
3204.13.10
3204.13.60
3204.14.25
3204.15.25
3204.16.10
3204.17.04
3204.17.60
3204.19.11
3204.19.50
3205.00.05
3206.11.00
3206.42.00
3206.49.40
3207.10.00
3207.40.50
3209.10.00
3212.10.00
3214.10.00
3215.11.30
3215.19.90
3302.90.10
3303.00.30
3304.91.00
3305.20.00
3307.10.10
3307.30.50
3401.11.10
3401.30.50
3402.39.10
3402.42.10
3402.49.90
3402.90.30
3403.11.50
3404.90.10
3405.30.00
3502.90.00
3506.91.50
3507.90.70
3701.30.00
3702.10.00
3702.41.01
3702.52.01
3702.56.00
3703.10.30
3703.90.30
3706.10.30
3707.90.31
3801.10.50
3802.10.00
3803.00.00
3805.90.10
3806.30.00
3808.61.10
3808.69.50
3808.91.30
3808.92.24
3808.93.05

3103.90.01
3105.10.00
3105.51.00
3201.10.00
3201.90.50
3202.90.50
3204.11.10
3204.12.05
3204.12.30
3204.13.20
3204.13.80
3204.14.30
3204.15.30
3204.16.20
3204.17.08
3204.17.90
3204.19.20
3204.20.10
3205.00.15
3206.19.00
3206.49.10
3206.49.55
3207.20.00
3208.10.00
3209.90.00
3212.90.00
3214.90.10
3215.11.90
3215.90.10
3302.90.20
3304.10.00
3304.99.10
3305.30.00
3307.10.20
3307.41.00
3401.11.50

3402.39.90
3402.42.20
3402.50.11
3402.90.50
3403.91.10
3404.90.51
3405.40.00
3506.10.10
3506.99.00
3606.10.00
3701.91.00
3702.31.01
3702.42.01
3702.53.00
3702.96.00
3703.10.60
3703.90.60
3706.10.60
3707.90.32
3801.20.00
3802.90.10
3804.00.10
3805.90.50
3806.90.00
3808.62.10
3808.91.10
3808.91.50
3808.92.28
3808.93.15

3104.20.00
3105.20.00
3105.59.00
3201.20.00
3202.10.10
3203.00.10
3204.11.18
3204.12.13
3204.12.45
3204.13.25
3204.14.10
3204.14.50
3204.15.35
3204.16.30
3204.17.20
3204.18.00
3204.19.25
3204.20.80
3205.00.40
3206.20.00
3206.49.20
3206.49.60
3207.30.00
3208.20.00
3210.00.00
3213.10.00
3214.90.50
3215.19.10
3215.90.50
3303.00.10
3304.20.00
3304.99.50
3305.90.00
3307.20.00
3307.49.00
3401.20.00
3402.31.10
3402.41.10
3402.42.90
3402.50.51
3403.11.20
3403.91.50
3405.10.00
3405.90.00
3506.10.50
3507.10.00
3701.10.00
3701.99.30
3702.32.01
3702.43.01
3702.54.00
3702.97.00
3703.20.30
3704.00.00
3706.90.00
3707.90.60
3801.30.00
3802.90.20
3804.00.50
3806.10.00
3807.00.00
3808.62.50
3808.91.15
3808.92.05
3808.92.30
3808.93.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 101

U.S. Notes (con.)

3808.93.50
3808.99.08
3809.91.00
3809.93.50
3810.90.50
3811.90.00
3812.20.50
3812.39.60
3813.00.50
3815.11.00
3815.90.20
3816.00.20

3824.40.10
3824.81.00
3824.84.00
3824.88.00
3824.99.11
3824.99.26
3824.99.33
3824.99.41
3824.99.70
3825.49.00
3825.90.01
3827.12.00
3827.31.00
3827.51.00
3827.63.00
3827.69.00
3905.99.30
3912.31.00
3915.30.00
3917.10.60
3918.10.10
3918.10.40
3918.90.30
3923.10.90
3923.40.00
3925.90.00
3926.20.90
3926.90.56
3926.90.83
4001.10.00
4001.30.00
4002.31.00
4002.51.00
4002.80.00
4004.00.00
4005.99.00
4008.11.10
4008.19.60
4008.29.40
4009.31.00
4010.12.50
4010.19.50
4010.31.30
4010.33.30
4010.35.30
4010.35.90
4010.36.50
4010.39.30
4010.39.90
4011.20.50
4011.80.10
4011.90.20
4012.12.40

3808.94.10
3808.99.30
3809.92.10
3810.10.00
3811.11.10
3812.10.10
3812.31.00
3812.39.70
3814.00.10
3815.12.00
3815.90.30
3817.00.10
3819.00.00
3824.40.20
3824.82.10
3824.85.00
3824.89.00
3824.99.19
3824.99.29
3824.99.34
3824.99.49
3824.99.75
3825.50.00
3826.00.10
3827.13.00
3827.32.00
3827.59.00
3827.64.00
3827.90.10
3909.31.00
3913.90.20
3915.90.00
3917.10.90
3918.10.20
3918.10.50
3918.90.50
3923.21.00
3923.50.00
3926.20.20
3926.90.30
3926.90.57
3926.90.87
4001.21.00
4002.11.00
4002.39.00
4002.59.00
4002.91.00
4005.10.00
4006.90.10
4008.11.50
4008.19.80
4009.11.00
4009.32.00
4010.12.55
4010.19.55
4010.31.60
4010.33.60
4010.35.41
4010.36.30
4010.36.90
4010.39.41
4011.10.10
4011.40.00
4011.80.20
4011.90.80
4012.12.80

3808.94.50
3808.99.70
3809.92.50
3810.90.10
3811.11.50
3812.10.50
3812.39.20
3812.39.90
3814.00.20
3815.19.00
3815.90.50
3817.00.15
3824.10.00
3824.40.50
3824.82.90
3824.86.00
3824.91.00
3824.99.21
3824.99.31
3824.99.35
3824.99.50
3824.99.93
3825.61.00
3826.00.30
3827.14.00
3827.39.00
3827.61.00
3827.65.00
3827.90.90
3909.39.00
3915.10.00
3916.90.20
3917.33.00
3918.10.31
3918.90.10
3922.90.00
3923.29.00
3923.90.00
3926.20.30
3926.90.45
3926.90.59
3926.90.94
4001.22.00
4002.19.00
4002.41.00
4002.60.00
4002.99.00
4005.20.00
4006.90.50
4008.19.20
4008.21.00
4009.21.00
4009.41.00
4010.12.90
4010.19.80
4010.32.30
4010.34.30
4010.35.45
4010.36.41
4010.39.10
4010.39.45
4011.10.50
4011.50.00
4011.80.80
4012.11.40
4012.19.20

3808.99.04
3808.99.95
3809.93.10
3810.90.20
3811.19.00
3812.20.10
3812.39.30
3813.00.10
3814.00.50
3815.90.10
3816.00.10
3817.00.20
3824.30.00
3824.50.00
3824.83.00
3824.87.00
3824.92.00
3824.99.25
3824.99.32
3824.99.39
3824.99.55
3825.41.00
3825.69.00
3827.11.00
3827.20.00
3827.40.00
3827.62.00
3827.68.00
3901.40.00
3912.11.00
3915.20.00
3917.10.10
3917.39.00
3918.10.32
3918.90.20
3923.10.20
3923.30.00
3925.10.00
3926.20.60
3926.90.55
3926.90.60
3926.90.96
4001.29.00
4002.20.00
4002.49.00
4002.70.00
4003.00.00
4005.91.00
4007.00.00
4008.19.40
4008.29.20
4009.22.00
4010.12.10
4010.19.10
4010.19.91
4010.32.60
4010.34.60
4010.35.50
4010.36.45
4010.39.20
4010.39.50
4011.20.10
4011.70.00
4011.90.10
4012.11.80
4012.19.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 102
U.S. Notes (con.)

4012.20.10
4012.20.80
4012.90.70
4013.90.10
4015.19.51
4016.93.10
4016.99.30
4017.00.00
4104.11.40
4104.19.30
4104.41.20
4104.49.10
4104.49.50
4106.21.10
4106.31.90
4106.92.00
4107.11.40
4107.11.80
4107.12.40
4107.12.80
4107.19.40
4107.19.80
4107.91.70
4107.92.60
4107.99.50
4112.00.30
4113.20.00
4113.90.60
4114.20.70
4202.11.00
4202.12.60
4202.21.30
4202.22.35
4202.22.70
4202.29.20
4202.31.60
4202.32.80
4202.32.99
4202.39.90
4202.92.08
4202.92.31
4202.92.50
4202.92.94
4202.99.30
4203.10.40
4203.21.60
4203.29.08
4203.29.30
4203.40.30
4205.00.20
4302.11.00
4302.19.45
4302.20.30
4303.10.00
4401.12.00
4401.32.00
4401.49.00
4403.11.00
4403.23.01
4403.41.00
4403.93.01
4403.97.00
4404.20.00
4406.91.00
4407.13.00
4407.22.00

4012.20.15
4012.90.10
4012.90.90
4013.90.50
4015.90.00
4016.93.50
4016.99.35
4104.11.10
4104.11.50
4104.19.40
4104.41.30
4104.49.20
4105.10.10
4106.21.90
4106.32.00
4107.11.10
4107.11.50
4107.12.10
4107.12.50
4107.19.10
4107.19.50
4107.91.40
4107.91.80
4107.92.70
4107.99.60
4112.00.60
4113.30.30
4114.10.00
4115.10.00
4202.12.21
4202.12.81
4202.21.60
4202.22.40
4202.22.81
4202.29.50
4202.32.10
4202.32.85
4202.39.10
4202.91.10
4202.92.10
4202.92.33
4202.92.60
4202.92.97
4202.99.50
4203.21.20
4203.21.70
4203.29.15
4203.29.40
4203.40.60
4205.00.40
4302.19.13
4302.19.55
4302.20.60
4303.90.00
4401.21.00
4401.39.20
4402.10.00
4403.12.00
4403.24.01
4403.42.00
4403.94.01
4403.98.00
4405.00.00
4406.92.00
4407.14.00
4407.23.01

4012.20.45
4012.90.30
4013.10.00
4015.12.90
4016.10.00
4016.94.00
4016.99.55
4104.11.20
4104.19.10
4104.19.50
4104.41.40
4104.49.30
4105.10.90
4106.22.00
4106.40.00
4107.11.20
4107.11.60
4107.12.20
4107.12.60
4107.19.20
4107.19.60
4107.91.50
4107.92.40
4107.92.80
4107.99.70
4113.10.30
4113.30.60
4114.20.30
4201.00.30
4202.12.29
4202.12.89
4202.21.90
4202.22.45
4202.22.89
4202.29.90
4202.32.20
4202.32.91
4202.39.20
4202.91.90
4202.92.15
4202.92.39
4202.92.91
4202.99.10
4202.99.90
4203.21.40
4203.21.80
4203.29.18
4203.29.50
4205.00.05
4205.00.60
4302.19.15
4302.19.60
4302.20.90
4304.00.00
4401.22.00
4401.39.42
4402.20.00
4403.21.01
4403.25.01
4403.49.02
4403.95.01
4403.99.01
4406.11.00
4407.11.00
4407.19.00
4407.25.00

4012.20.60
4012.90.45
4013.20.00
4015.19.11
4016.91.00
4016.99.03
4016.99.60
4104.11.30
4104.19.20
4104.41.10
4104.41.50
4104.49.40
4105.30.00
4106.31.10
4106.91.00
4107.11.30
4107.11.70
4107.12.30
4107.12.70
4107.19.30
4107.19.70
4107.91.60
4107.92.50
4107.99.40
4107.99.80
4113.10.60
4113.90.30
4114.20.40
4201.00.60
4202.12.40
4202.19.00
4202.22.15
4202.22.60
4202.29.10
4202.31.30
4202.32.40
4202.32.93
4202.39.50
4202.92.04
4202.92.20
4202.92.45
4202.92.93
4202.99.20
4203.10.20
4203.21.55
4203.29.05
4203.29.20
4203.30.00
4205.00.10
4205.00.80
4302.19.30
4302.19.75
4302.30.00
4401.11.00
4401.31.00
4401.41.00
4402.90.01
4403.22.01
4403.26.01
4403.91.00
4403.96.01
4404.10.00
4406.12.00
4407.12.00
4407.21.00
4407.26.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 103

U.S. Notes (con.)

4407.27.00
4407.92.00
4407.96.00
4408.31.01
4409.10.10
4409.10.50
4409.21.05
4409.22.25
4409.22.65
4409.29.26
4409.29.66
4410.19.00
4411.12.30
4411.13.20
4411.14.10
4411.14.90
4411.92.40
4411.93.60
4412.10.90
4412.31.45
4412.31.92
4412.33.57
4412.39.10
4412.41.00
4412.51.31
4412.52.31
4412.59.70
4412.91.06
4412.91.51
4412.92.42
4412.99.71
4413.00.00
4415.20.40
4416.00.90
4418.19.00
4418.29.80
4418.73.10
4418.73.60
4418.74.20
4418.79.01
4418.89.00
4418.99.10
4420.90.80
4421.91.20
4421.91.98
4421.99.70
4501.10.00
4503.10.20
4503.90.20
4504.10.20
4504.10.47
4601.21.80
4601.22.90
4601.29.90
4601.93.05
4601.94.40
4602.11.07
4602.11.45
4602.12.23
4602.19.05
4602.19.17
4602.19.25
4602.19.60
4702.00.00
4703.29.00
4704.29.00

4407.28.00
4407.93.00
4407.97.00
4408.39.02
4409.10.20
4409.10.60
4409.21.90
4409.22.40
4409.22.90
4409.29.41
4409.29.91
4410.90.00
4411.12.60
4411.13.30
4411.14.20
4411.92.10
4411.93.10
4411.93.90
4412.31.06
4412.31.48
4412.33.06
4412.34.26
4412.39.30
4412.42.00
4412.51.41
4412.52.41
4412.59.80
4412.91.10
4412.92.07
4412.92.52
4412.99.81
4415.10.30
4415.20.80
4417.00.60
4418.21.40
4418.30.01
4418.73.20
4418.73.70
4418.74.90
4418.81.00
4418.91.10
4418.99.91
4421.20.10
4421.91.70
4421.99.10
4421.99.93
4501.90.20
4503.10.30
4503.90.40
4504.10.30
4504.10.50
4601.21.90
4601.29.40
4601.92.05
4601.93.20
4601.99.05
4602.11.09
4602.12.05
4602.12.25
4602.19.12
4602.19.18
4602.19.29
4602.19.80
4703.11.00
4704.11.00
4705.00.00

4407.29.02
4407.94.00
4407.99.02
4408.90.01
4409.10.40
4409.10.65
4409.22.05
4409.22.50
4409.29.06
4409.29.51
4410.11.00
4411.12.10
4411.12.90
4411.13.60
4411.14.30
4411.92.20
4411.93.20
4411.94.00
4412.31.26
4412.31.52
4412.33.26
4412.34.32
4412.39.40
4412.49.00
4412.51.51
4412.52.51
4412.59.90
4412.91.31
4412.92.11
4412.99.58
4412.99.91
4415.10.60
4416.00.30
4417.00.80
4418.21.80
4418.40.00
4418.73.30
4418.73.90
4418.75.40
4418.82.00
4418.91.91
4420.90.45
4421.20.20
4421.91.93
4421.99.15
4421.99.94
4501.90.40
4503.10.40
4503.90.60
4504.10.40
4504.90.00
4601.22.40
4601.29.60
4601.92.20
4601.94.05
4601.99.90
4602.11.21
4602.12.14
4602.12.35
4602.19.14
4602.19.22
4602.19.35
4602.90.00
4703.19.00
4704.19.00
4706.10.00

4407.91.00
4407.95.00
4408.10.01
4409.10.05
4409.10.45
4409.10.90
4409.22.10
4409.22.60
4409.29.11
4409.29.61
4410.12.00
4411.12.20
4411.13.10
4411.13.90
4411.14.60
4411.92.30
4411.93.30
4412.10.05
4412.31.42
4412.31.61
4412.33.32
4412.34.57
4412.39.50
4412.51.10
4412.52.10
4412.59.60
4412.59.95
4412.91.41
4412.92.31
4412.99.61
4412.99.97
4415.10.90
4416.00.60
4418.11.00
4418.29.40
4418.50.00
4418.73.40
4418.74.10
4418.75.70
4418.83.00
4418.92.00
4420.90.65
4421.91.10
4421.91.94
4421.99.20
4421.99.98
4502.00.00
4503.10.60
4504.10.10
4504.10.45
4601.21.40
4601.22.80
4601.29.80
4601.93.01
4601.94.20
4602.11.05
4602.11.35
4602.12.16
4602.12.45
4602.19.16
4602.19.23
4602.19.45
4701.00.00
4703.21.00
4704.21.00
4706.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 104
U.S. Notes (con.)

4706.30.00
4707.10.00
4801.00.01
4802.20.40
4802.54.31
4802.55.20
4802.55.70
4802.56.40
4802.57.20
4802.58.20
4802.61.20
4802.62.10
4802.62.61
4803.00.20
4804.21.00
4804.31.40
4804.39.60
4804.49.00
4805.11.00
4805.19.20
4805.25.00
4805.91.10
4805.91.90
4805.93.40
4806.40.00
4807.00.94
4808.90.40
4809.90.20
4809.90.80
4810.13.20
4810.14.11
4810.14.50
4810.19.13
4810.22.50
4810.29.50
4810.31.30
4810.32.65
4810.39.65
4810.92.65
4811.10.11
4811.41.30
4811.51.20
4811.59.40
4811.90.10
4811.90.60
4813.10.00
4816.90.01
4817.30.00
4818.50.00
4819.40.00
4819.60.00
4820.30.00
4821.10.20
4822.10.00
4823.40.00
4823.90.10
4823.90.50
4823.90.80
5003.00.10
5006.00.10
5007.20.00
5101.11.20
5101.19.10
5101.19.60
5101.21.35
5101.29.10

4706.91.00
4707.20.00
4802.10.00
4802.40.00
4802.54.50
4802.55.30
4802.56.10
4802.56.60
4802.57.30
4802.58.50
4802.61.31
4802.62.20
4802.69.10
4803.00.40
4804.29.00
4804.31.60
4804.41.20
4804.51.00
4805.12.10
4805.24.50
4805.30.00
4805.91.20
4805.92.20
4806.10.00
4807.00.10
4808.10.00
4808.90.60
4809.90.40
4810.13.11
4810.13.50
4810.14.13
4810.14.60
4810.19.19
4810.22.60
4810.29.60
4810.31.65
4810.39.12
4810.92.12
4810.99.10
4811.10.21
4811.49.10
4811.51.40
4811.59.60
4811.90.20
4811.90.80
4813.20.00
4817.10.00
4818.10.00
4819.10.00
4819.50.20
4820.10.20
4820.40.00
4821.10.40
4822.90.00
4823.61.00
4823.90.20
4823.90.60
4823.90.86
5003.00.90
5006.00.90
5007.90.30
5101.11.40
5101.19.20
5101.21.10
5101.21.40
5101.29.15

4706.92.01
4707.30.00
4802.20.10
4802.54.10
4802.54.61
4802.55.40
4802.56.20
4802.56.70
4802.57.40
4802.58.60
4802.61.50
4802.62.30
4802.69.20
4804.11.00
4804.31.10
4804.39.20
4804.41.40
4804.52.00
4805.12.20
4805.24.70
4805.40.00
4805.91.50
4805.92.40
4806.20.00
4807.00.91
4808.40.00
4809.20.20
4809.90.60
4810.13.13
4810.13.60
4810.14.19
4810.14.70
4810.19.20
4810.22.70
4810.29.70
4810.32.10
4810.39.14
4810.92.14
4810.99.30
4811.41.10
4811.49.21
4811.51.60
4811.60.40
4811.90.30
4811.90.90
4813.90.00
4817.20.20
4818.20.00
4819.20.00
4819.50.30
4820.10.40
4820.50.00
4821.90.20
4823.20.10
4823.69.00
4823.90.31
4823.90.67
5001.00.00
5004.00.00
5007.10.30
5007.90.60
5101.11.50
5101.19.40
5101.21.15
5101.21.65
5101.29.30

4706.93.01
4707.90.00
4802.20.20
4802.54.20
4802.55.10
4802.55.60
4802.56.30
4802.57.10
4802.58.10
4802.61.10
4802.61.60
4802.62.50
4802.69.30
4804.19.00
4804.31.20
4804.39.40
4804.42.00
4804.59.00
4805.19.10
4805.24.90
4805.50.00
4805.91.70
4805.93.20
4806.30.00
4807.00.92
4808.90.20
4809.20.40
4809.90.71
4810.13.19
4810.13.70
4810.14.20
4810.19.11
4810.22.10
4810.29.10
4810.31.10
4810.32.30
4810.39.30
4810.92.30
4810.99.65
4811.41.21
4811.49.30
4811.59.20
4811.60.60
4811.90.40
4812.00.00
4816.20.00
4817.20.40
4818.30.00
4819.30.00
4819.50.40
4820.20.00
4820.90.00
4821.90.40
4823.20.90
4823.70.00
4823.90.40
4823.90.70
5002.00.00
5005.00.00
5007.10.60
5101.11.10
5101.11.60
5101.19.50
5101.21.30
5101.21.70
5101.29.35

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 105

U.S. Notes (con.)

5101.29.40
5101.30.15
5101.30.70
5102.19.60
5103.10.00
5105.10.00
5105.39.00
5107.10.30
5108.10.30
5108.20.40
5109.10.80
5109.90.80
5111.11.30
5111.19.60
5111.30.05
5111.90.40
5112.11.30
5112.19.95
5112.30.10
5112.90.40
5201.00.05
5201.00.22
5201.00.38
5202.10.00
5202.99.30
5203.00.30
5204.20.00
5205.12.20
5205.14.20
5205.22.00
5205.27.00
5205.33.00
5205.42.00
5205.47.00
5206.13.00
5206.22.00
5206.31.00
5206.35.00
5206.44.00
5208.11.20
5208.12.40
5208.19.20
5208.21.20
5208.22.60
5208.29.40
5208.31.40
5208.32.30
5208.39.20
5208.41.20
5208.42.10
5208.43.00
5208.49.80
5208.51.80
5208.52.50
5208.59.60
5209.19.00
5209.31.30
5209.41.30
5209.49.00
5209.59.00
5210.19.60
5210.21.80
5210.29.60
5210.31.80
5210.39.60
5210.41.80

5101.29.65
5101.30.30
5102.11.10
5102.19.80
5103.20.00
5105.21.00
5105.40.00
5107.10.60
5108.10.40
5108.20.80
5109.10.90
5109.90.90
5111.11.70
5111.20.05
5111.30.10
5111.90.50
5112.11.60
5112.20.10
5112.30.20
5112.90.50
5201.00.12
5201.00.24
5201.00.55
5202.91.00
5202.99.50
5203.00.50
5205.11.10
5205.13.10
5205.15.10
5205.23.00
5205.28.00
5205.34.00
5205.43.00
5205.48.00
5206.14.00
5206.23.00
5206.32.00
5206.41.00
5206.45.00
5208.11.40
5208.12.60
5208.19.40
5208.21.40
5208.22.80
5208.29.60
5208.31.60
5208.32.40
5208.39.40
5208.41.40
5208.42.30
5208.49.20
5208.51.20
5208.52.10
5208.59.10
5208.59.80
5209.21.00
5209.31.60
5209.41.60
5209.51.30
5210.11.80
5210.19.80
5210.29.10
5210.29.80
5210.32.00
5210.39.80
5210.49.10

5101.29.70
5101.30.40
5102.11.90
5102.19.90
5103.30.00
5105.29.00
5106.10.00
5107.20.30
5108.10.80
5109.10.20
5109.90.20
5110.00.00
5111.19.10
5111.20.10
5111.30.90
5111.90.90
5112.19.20
5112.20.20
5112.30.30
5112.90.90
5201.00.14
5201.00.28
5201.00.60
5202.99.05
5203.00.05
5204.11.00
5205.11.20
5205.13.20
5205.15.20
5205.24.00
5205.31.00
5205.35.00
5205.44.00
5206.11.00
5206.15.00
5206.24.00
5206.33.00
5206.42.00
5207.10.00
5208.11.60
5208.12.80
5208.19.60
5208.21.60
5208.23.00
5208.29.80
5208.31.80
5208.32.50
5208.39.60
5208.41.60
5208.42.40
5208.49.40
5208.51.40
5208.52.30
5208.59.20
5209.11.00
5209.22.00
5209.32.00
5209.42.00
5209.51.60
5210.19.20
5210.21.40
5210.29.20
5210.31.40
5210.39.20
5210.41.40
5210.49.20

5101.30.10
5101.30.65
5102.19.20
5102.20.00
5104.00.00
5105.31.00
5106.20.00
5107.20.60
5108.20.30
5109.10.40
5109.90.40
5111.11.20
5111.19.20
5111.20.90
5111.90.30
5112.11.10
5112.19.60
5112.20.30
5112.90.30
5113.00.00
5201.00.18
5201.00.34
5201.00.80
5202.99.10
5203.00.10
5204.19.00
5205.12.10
5205.14.10
5205.21.00
5205.26.00
5205.32.00
5205.41.00
5205.46.00
5206.12.00
5206.21.00
5206.25.00
5206.34.00
5206.43.00
5207.90.00
5208.11.80
5208.13.00
5208.19.80
5208.22.40
5208.29.20
5208.31.20
5208.32.10
5208.33.00
5208.39.80
5208.41.80
5208.42.50
5208.49.60
5208.51.60
5208.52.40
5208.59.40
5209.12.00
5209.29.00
5209.39.00
5209.43.00
5209.52.00
5210.19.40
5210.21.60
5210.29.40
5210.31.60
5210.39.40
5210.41.60
5210.49.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 106
U.S. Notes (con.)

5210.49.60
5210.51.80
5210.59.60
5211.19.00
5211.31.00
5211.42.00
5211.52.00
5212.12.10
5212.14.10
5212.21.10
5212.23.10
5212.25.10
5301.29.00
5303.10.00
5306.20.00
5308.20.00
5309.21.20
5309.29.30
5311.00.20
5401.10.00
5402.19.30
5402.31.60
5402.33.60
5402.39.61
5402.46.00
5402.49.11
5402.52.90
5402.62.00
5403.10.60
5403.39.10
5403.49.10
5404.12.90
5405.00.30
5407.10.00
5407.41.00
5407.44.00
5407.53.10
5407.61.21
5407.69.10
5407.69.90
5407.73.20
5407.83.00
5407.91.20
5407.93.05
5407.94.05
5408.21.00
5408.23.19
5408.24.90
5408.32.05
5408.33.05
5408.33.90
5408.34.90
5501.30.00
5502.90.00
5503.20.00
5503.90.90
5506.10.00
5506.90.01
5509.11.00
5509.31.00
5509.51.30
5509.59.00
5509.69.40
5509.99.20
5510.12.00
5510.90.40

5210.49.80
5210.59.10
5210.59.80
5211.20.21
5211.32.00
5211.43.00
5211.59.00
5212.12.60
5212.14.60
5212.21.60
5212.23.60
5212.25.60
5301.30.00
5303.90.00
5307.10.00
5308.90.10
5309.21.30
5309.29.40
5311.00.30
5401.20.00
5402.19.60
5402.32.30
5402.34.30
5402.44.00
5402.47.10
5402.49.91
5402.53.00
5402.63.00
5403.31.00
5403.39.90
5403.49.90
5404.19.10
5405.00.60
5407.20.00
5407.42.00
5407.51.00
5407.53.20
5407.61.29
5407.69.20
5407.71.00
5407.74.00
5407.84.00
5407.92.05
5407.93.10
5407.94.10
5408.22.10
5408.23.21
5408.31.05
5408.32.10
5408.33.10
5408.34.05
5501.11.00
5501.40.00
5503.11.00
5503.30.00
5504.90.00
5506.20.00
5507.00.00
5509.12.00
5509.32.00
5509.51.60
5509.61.00
5509.69.60
5509.99.40
5510.20.00
5510.90.60

5210.51.40
5210.59.20
5211.11.00
5211.20.22
5211.39.00
5211.49.00
5212.11.10
5212.13.10
5212.15.10
5212.22.10
5212.24.10
5301.10.00
5302.10.00
5305.00.00
5307.20.00
5309.11.00
5309.21.40
5310.10.00
5311.00.40
5402.11.30
5402.20.30
5402.32.60
5402.34.60
5402.45.10
5402.47.90
5402.51.00
5402.59.01
5402.69.01
5403.32.00
5403.41.00
5404.11.00
5404.19.80
5406.00.10
5407.30.10
5407.43.10
5407.52.05
5407.61.11
5407.61.91
5407.69.30
5407.72.00
5407.81.00
5407.91.05
5407.92.10
5407.93.15
5407.94.20
5408.22.90
5408.23.29
5408.31.10
5408.32.30
5408.33.15
5408.34.10
5501.19.00
5501.90.01
5503.19.10
5503.40.00
5505.10.00
5506.30.00
5508.10.00
5509.21.00
5509.41.00
5509.52.00
5509.62.00
5509.91.00
5509.99.60
5510.30.00
5511.10.00

5210.51.60
5210.59.40
5211.12.00
5211.20.29
5211.41.00
5211.51.00
5212.11.60
5212.13.60
5212.15.60
5212.22.60
5212.24.60
5301.21.00
5302.90.00
5306.10.00
5308.10.00
5309.19.00
5309.29.20
5310.90.00
5311.00.60
5402.11.60
5402.31.30
5402.33.30
5402.39.31
5402.45.90
5402.48.00
5402.52.10
5402.61.00
5403.10.30
5403.33.00
5403.42.00
5404.12.10
5404.90.00
5406.00.20
5407.30.90
5407.43.20
5407.52.20
5407.61.19
5407.61.99
5407.69.40
5407.73.10
5407.82.00
5407.91.10
5407.92.20
5407.93.20
5408.10.00
5408.23.11
5408.24.10
5408.31.20
5408.32.90
5408.33.30
5408.34.30
5501.20.00
5502.10.00
5503.19.90
5503.90.10
5505.20.00
5506.40.00
5508.20.00
5509.22.00
5509.42.00
5509.53.00
5509.69.20
5509.92.00
5510.11.00
5510.90.20
5511.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 107

U.S. Notes (con.)

5511.30.00
5512.29.00
5513.12.00
5513.29.00
5513.49.10
5514.12.00
5514.22.00
5514.30.32
5514.42.00
5515.12.00
5515.21.00
5515.91.00
5516.11.00
5516.21.00
5516.31.05
5516.33.05
5516.41.00
5516.91.00
5601.21.00
5602.10.10
5602.90.30
5603.12.00
5603.91.00
5603.94.30
5604.90.90
5607.21.00
5607.49.10
5607.50.25
5607.90.15
5608.11.00
5608.90.23
5609.00.20
5701.10.16
5701.90.20
5702.20.20
5702.32.20
5702.41.20
5702.49.15
5702.50.52
5702.91.30
5702.99.05
5703.10.80
5703.29.20
5703.90.00
5705.00.10
5801.22.10
5801.27.10
5801.90.10
5802.20.00
5803.00.30
5804.10.10
5804.29.90
5805.00.25
5806.10.24
5806.31.00
5806.39.20
5807.10.15
5807.90.20
5808.10.70
5810.10.00
5810.99.10
5811.00.30
5901.90.20
5902.90.00
5903.10.25
5903.20.18

5512.11.00
5512.91.00
5513.13.00
5513.31.00
5513.49.20
5514.19.10
5514.23.00
5514.30.33
5514.43.00
5515.13.05
5515.22.05
5515.99.05
5516.12.00
5516.22.00
5516.31.10
5516.33.10
5516.42.00
5516.92.00
5601.22.00
5602.10.90
5602.90.60
5603.13.00
5603.92.00
5603.94.90
5605.00.10
5607.29.00
5607.49.15
5607.50.35
5607.90.25
5608.19.10
5608.90.27
5609.00.30
5701.10.40
5702.10.10
5702.31.10
5702.39.10
5702.42.10
5702.49.20
5702.50.56
5702.91.40
5702.99.15

5703.31.00
5704.10.00
5705.00.20
5801.22.90
5801.27.50
5801.90.20
5802.30.00
5803.00.40
5804.10.90
5804.30.00
5805.00.30
5806.10.28
5806.32.10
5806.39.30
5807.10.20
5808.10.10
5808.10.90
5810.91.00
5810.99.90
5811.00.40
5901.90.40
5903.10.10
5903.10.30
5903.20.20

5512.19.00
5512.99.00
5513.19.00
5513.39.01
5513.49.90
5514.19.90
5514.29.00
5514.30.39
5514.49.00
5515.13.10
5515.22.10
5515.99.10
5516.13.00
5516.23.00
5516.32.05
5516.34.05
5516.43.00
5516.93.00
5601.29.00
5602.21.00
5602.90.90
5603.14.30
5603.93.00
5604.10.00
5605.00.90
5607.41.10
5607.49.25
5607.50.40
5607.90.35
5608.19.20
5608.90.30
5609.00.40
5701.10.90
5702.10.90
5702.31.20
5702.39.20
5702.42.20
5702.50.20
5702.50.59
5702.92.10
5702.99.20
5703.21.00
5703.39.10
5704.20.00
5801.10.00
5801.23.00
5801.37.10
5802.10.10
5803.00.10
5803.00.50
5804.21.00
5805.00.10
5805.00.40
5806.10.30
5806.32.20
5806.40.00
5807.90.05
5808.10.40
5808.90.00
5810.92.10
5811.00.10
5901.10.10
5902.10.00
5903.10.18
5903.20.10
5903.20.25

5512.21.00
5513.11.00
5513.23.01
5513.41.00
5514.11.00
5514.21.00
5514.30.31
5514.41.00
5515.11.00
5515.19.00
5515.29.00
5515.99.90
5516.14.00
5516.24.00
5516.32.10
5516.34.10
5516.44.00
5516.94.00
5601.30.00
5602.29.00
5603.11.00
5603.14.90
5603.94.10
5604.90.20
5606.00.00
5607.41.30
5607.49.30
5607.90.10
5607.90.90
5608.90.10
5609.00.10
5701.10.13
5701.90.10
5702.20.10
5702.32.10
5702.41.10
5702.49.10
5702.50.40
5702.91.20
5702.92.90
5703.10.20
5703.29.10
5703.39.20
5704.90.01
5801.21.00
5801.26.00
5801.37.50
5802.10.90
5803.00.20
5803.00.90
5804.29.10
5805.00.20
5806.10.10
5806.20.00
5806.39.10
5807.10.05
5807.90.15
5808.10.50
5809.00.00
5810.92.90
5811.00.20
5901.10.20
5902.20.00
5903.10.20
5903.20.15
5903.20.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 108
U.S. Notes (con.)

5903.90.10
5903.90.25
5904.90.90
5906.91.10
5906.99.10
5907.00.05
5907.00.60
5909.00.20
5911.10.20
5911.31.00
6001.10.20
6001.91.00
6002.40.40
6003.10.10
6003.30.10
6003.90.10
6004.90.90
6005.24.00
6005.39.00
6005.90.10
6006.21.90
6006.23.90
6006.33.00
6006.44.00
6501.00.60
6502.00.60
6504.00.90
6505.00.20
6505.00.50
6505.00.90
6507.00.00
6802.10.00
6802.29.10
6802.91.20
6802.93.00
6804.10.00
6804.22.60
6805.20.00
6806.20.00
6808.00.00
6810.11.00
6810.91.00
6811.82.00
6812.80.90
6812.99.20
6813.89.00
6815.12.00
6815.91.00
6902.10.10
6902.90.10
6903.90.00
6905.90.00
6907.21.30
6907.22.20
6907.23.10
6907.23.90
6907.30.40
6907.40.30
6909.11.40
6909.90.00
6914.90.80
7002.10.10
7002.32.00
7003.20.00
7004.20.50
7004.90.20

5903.90.15
5903.90.30
5905.00.10
5906.91.20
5906.99.20
5907.00.15
5907.00.80
5910.00.10
5911.20.10
5911.32.00
6001.10.60
6001.92.00
6002.40.80
6003.10.90
6003.30.60
6003.90.90
6005.21.00
6005.36.00
6005.42.00
6005.90.90
6006.22.10
6006.24.10
6006.34.00
6006.90.10
6501.00.90
6502.00.90
6505.00.04
6505.00.25
6505.00.60
6506.91.00
6701.00.30
6802.21.10
6802.29.90
6802.91.25
6802.99.00
6804.21.00
6804.23.00
6805.30.10
6806.90.00
6809.11.00
6810.19.12
6810.99.00
6811.89.10
6812.91.10
6812.99.90
6814.10.00
6815.13.00
6815.99.20
6902.10.50
6902.90.50
6904.10.00
6906.00.00
6907.21.40
6907.22.30
6907.23.20
6907.30.10
6907.30.90
6907.40.40
6909.12.00
6914.10.40
7001.00.10
7002.10.20
7002.39.00
7003.30.00
7004.90.05
7004.90.25

5903.90.18
5904.10.00
5905.00.90
5906.91.25
5906.99.25
5907.00.25
5908.00.00
5910.00.90
5911.20.20
5911.40.01
6001.21.00
6001.99.10
6002.90.40
6003.20.10
6003.40.10
6004.10.00
6005.22.00
6005.37.00
6005.43.00
6006.10.00
6006.22.90
6006.31.00
6006.42.00
6006.90.90
6502.00.20
6504.00.30
6505.00.08
6505.00.30
6505.00.70
6506.99.30
6701.00.60
6802.21.50
6802.91.05
6802.91.30
6803.00.10
6804.22.10
6804.30.00
6805.30.50
6807.10.00
6809.19.00
6810.19.14
6811.40.00
6811.89.90
6812.91.90
6813.20.00
6814.90.00
6815.19.00
6815.99.41
6902.20.10
6903.10.00
6904.90.00
6907.21.10
6907.21.90
6907.22.40
6907.23.30
6907.30.20
6907.40.10
6907.40.90
6909.19.10
6914.10.80
7001.00.20
7002.20.50
7003.12.00
7004.20.10
7004.90.10
7004.90.30

5903.90.20
5904.90.10
5906.10.00
5906.91.30
5906.99.30
5907.00.35
5909.00.10
5911.10.10
5911.20.30
5911.90.00
6001.29.00
6001.99.90
6002.90.80
6003.20.30
6003.40.60
6004.90.20
6005.23.00
6005.38.00
6005.44.00
6006.21.10
6006.23.10
6006.32.00
6006.43.00
6501.00.30
6502.00.40
6504.00.60
6505.00.15
6505.00.40
6505.00.80
6506.99.60
6801.00.00
6802.23.00
6802.91.15
6802.92.00
6803.00.50
6804.22.40
6805.10.00
6806.10.00
6807.90.00
6809.90.00
6810.19.50
6811.81.00
6812.80.10
6812.99.10
6813.81.00
6815.11.00
6815.20.00
6901.00.00
6902.20.50
6903.20.00
6905.10.00
6907.21.20
6907.22.10
6907.22.90
6907.23.40
6907.30.30
6907.40.20
6909.11.20
6909.19.50
6914.90.41
7001.00.51
7002.31.00
7003.19.00
7004.20.20
7004.90.15
7004.90.40

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 109

U.S. Notes (con.)

7004.90.50
7005.21.20
7005.29.18
7006.00.20
7007.21.11
7009.10.00
7009.92.50
7010.90.05
7011.10.10
7011.20.85
7014.00.30
7016.90.50
7017.90.10
7018.10.50
7019.12.00
7019.13.28
7019.19.70
7019.61.10
7019.62.05
7019.62.70
7019.63.40
7019.64.15
7019.65.51
7019.66.70
7019.69.70
7019.72.15
7019.73.51
7019.90.11
7020.00.60
7102.29.00
7106.91.10
7107.00.00
7108.13.10
7109.00.00
7110.29.00
7110.49.00
7112.92.01
7114.11.30
7114.11.60
7115.10.00
7115.90.60
7201.50.60
7202.19.50
7202.21.90
7202.49.10
7202.91.00
7203.10.00
7204.29.00
7204.50.00
7216.61.00
7301.20.50
7307.19.30
7307.22.10
7307.91.10
7307.92.90
7307.99.10
7308.30.50
7310.21.00
7312.10.10
7312.10.60
7312.90.00
7314.12.30
7314.14.20
7314.19.01
7314.39.00
7314.49.60

7005.10.40
7005.29.04
7005.29.25
7006.00.40
7007.21.51
7009.91.10
7010.10.00
7010.90.20
7011.10.50
7011.90.00
7014.00.50
7017.10.30
7017.90.50
7018.20.00
7019.13.05
7019.13.35
7019.19.91
7019.61.30
7019.62.15
7019.63.05
7019.63.70
7019.64.30
7019.65.90
7019.66.90
7019.69.90
7019.72.30
7019.73.90
7019.90.51
7102.21.10
7105.10.00
7106.91.50
7108.11.00
7108.13.55
7110.11.00
7110.31.00
7111.00.00
7112.99.01
7114.11.40
7114.11.70
7115.90.05
7201.10.00
7202.11.10
7202.21.10
7202.29.00
7202.49.50
7202.92.00
7203.90.00
7204.30.00
7205.10.00
7216.69.00
7302.30.00
7307.19.90
7307.22.50
7307.91.30
7307.93.30
7307.99.30
7308.40.00
7310.29.00
7312.10.20
7312.10.70
7313.00.00
7314.12.60
7314.14.30
7314.20.00
7314.41.00
7314.50.00

7005.10.80
7005.29.08
7005.30.00
7007.11.00
7007.29.00
7009.91.50
7010.20.20
7010.90.30
7011.20.10
7014.00.10
7016.10.00
7017.10.60
7018.10.10
7018.90.50
7019.13.15
7019.14.00

7019.61.40
7019.62.30
7019.63.15
7019.63.90
7019.64.40
7019.66.30
7019.69.30
7019.71.00
7019.72.40
7019.80.10
7020.00.30
7102.21.30
7105.90.00
7106.92.10
7108.12.10
7108.13.70
7110.19.00
7110.39.00
7112.30.01
7114.11.10
7114.11.45
7114.19.00
7115.90.30
7201.20.00
7202.11.50
7202.21.50
7202.30.00
7202.50.00
7202.99.10
7204.10.00
7204.41.00
7205.21.00
7216.91.00
7303.00.00
7307.21.10
7307.23.00
7307.91.50
7307.93.60
7307.99.50
7309.00.00
7311.00.00
7312.10.30
7312.10.80
7314.12.10
7314.12.90
7314.14.60
7314.31.10
7314.42.00
7315.11.00

7005.21.10
7005.29.14
7006.00.10
7007.19.00
7008.00.00
7009.92.10
7010.20.30
7010.90.50
7011.20.45
7014.00.20
7016.90.10
7017.20.00
7018.10.20
7019.11.00
7019.13.24
7019.15.00
7019.61.05
7019.61.70
7019.62.40
7019.63.30
7019.64.05
7019.64.70
7019.66.40
7019.69.40
7019.72.05
7019.72.70
7019.80.90
7020.00.40
7102.21.40
7106.10.00
7106.92.50
7108.12.50
7108.20.00
7110.21.00
7110.41.00
7112.91.01
7114.11.20
7114.11.50
7114.20.00
7115.90.40
7201.50.30
7202.19.10
7202.21.75
7202.41.00
7202.80.00
7202.99.20
7204.21.00
7204.49.00
7205.29.00
7301.20.10
7307.11.00
7307.21.50
7307.29.00
7307.92.30
7307.93.90
7308.30.10
7310.10.00
7312.10.05
7312.10.50
7312.10.90
7314.12.20
7314.14.10
7314.14.90
7314.31.50
7314.49.30
7315.12.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 110
U.S. Notes (con.)

7315.19.00
7315.82.10
7315.89.10
7316.00.00
7317.00.65
7318.13.00
7318.15.40
7318.19.00
7318.24.00
7320.10.90
7321.11.30
7321.90.40
7322.19.00
7324.10.00
7325.10.00
7326.11.00
7326.90.25
7326.90.86
7403.13.00
7403.29.01
7405.00.60
7407.10.30
7407.21.50
7407.29.34
7408.11.30
7408.22.10
7409.11.10
7409.19.90
7409.31.50
7409.39.90
7409.90.90
7410.21.60
7411.21.10
7411.29.50
7413.00.50
7415.29.00
7415.39.00
7419.20.00
7419.80.15
7419.80.50
7501.20.00
7504.00.00
7505.12.10
7505.21.50
7506.10.10
7506.20.30
7508.10.00
7603.10.00
7612.10.00
7614.10.50
7616.10.10
7616.10.90
7801.91.00
7804.19.00
7806.00.80
7904.00.00
8007.00.10
8104.30.00
8105.20.90
8106.90.00
8108.90.60
8109.99.00
8112.29.00
8112.41.50
8112.59.00
8112.92.07

7315.20.10
7315.82.30
7315.89.30
7317.00.20
7317.00.75
7318.14.10
7318.15.50
7318.21.00
7318.29.00
7320.90.10
7321.11.60
7321.90.50
7322.90.00
7324.21.10
7325.91.00
7326.19.00
7326.90.35
7402.00.00
7403.19.00
7404.00.30
7406.10.00
7407.10.50
7407.21.70
7407.29.38
7408.11.60
7408.22.50
7409.11.50
7409.21.00
7409.31.90
7409.40.00
7410.11.00
7410.22.00
7411.21.50
7412.10.00
7413.00.90
7415.33.05
7418.20.10
7419.80.03
7419.80.16

7502.10.00
7505.11.10
7505.12.30
7505.22.10
7506.10.30
7507.11.00
7508.90.10
7603.20.00
7612.90.10
7614.90.40
7616.10.30
7616.91.00
7801.99.30
7804.20.00
7903.10.00
7905.00.00
8007.00.50
8104.90.00
8105.30.00
8108.20.00
8109.31.00
8112.12.00
8112.31.00
8112.49.00
8112.61.00
8112.92.10

7315.20.50
7315.82.50
7315.89.50
7317.00.30
7318.11.00
7318.14.50
7318.15.60
7318.22.00
7320.10.30
7320.90.50
7321.90.10
7321.90.60
7323.10.00
7324.21.50
7325.99.10
7326.20.00
7326.90.45
7403.11.00
7403.21.00
7404.00.60
7406.20.00
7407.21.15
7407.21.90
7407.29.40
7408.19.00
7408.29.10
7409.19.10
7409.29.00
7409.39.10
7409.90.10
7410.12.00
7411.10.10
7411.22.00
7412.20.00
7415.10.00
7415.33.10
7418.20.50
7419.80.06
7419.80.17

7502.20.00
7505.11.30
7505.12.50
7505.22.50
7506.20.05
7507.12.00
7508.90.50
7610.90.00
7612.90.50
7614.90.50
7616.10.50
7616.99.10
7801.99.90
7806.00.03
7903.90.30
7907.00.20
8101.96.00
8105.20.30
8105.90.00
8108.30.00
8109.39.00
8112.13.00
8112.39.00
8112.51.00
8112.69.10
8112.92.40

7315.81.00
7315.82.70
7315.90.00
7317.00.55
7318.12.00
7318.15.20
7318.15.80
7318.23.00
7320.10.60
7321.11.10
7321.90.20
7322.11.00
7323.99.90
7324.90.00
7325.99.50
7326.90.10
7326.90.60
7403.12.00
7403.22.00
7405.00.10
7407.10.15
7407.21.30
7407.29.16
7407.29.50
7408.21.00
7408.29.50
7409.19.50
7409.31.10
7409.39.50
7409.90.50
7410.21.30
7411.10.50
7411.29.10
7413.00.10
7415.21.00
7415.33.80

7419.80.09
7419.80.30
7501.10.00
7503.00.00
7505.11.50
7505.21.10
7506.10.05
7506.20.10
7507.20.00
7602.00.00
7611.00.00
7613.00.00
7615.20.00
7616.10.70
7616.99.51
7804.11.00
7806.00.05
7903.90.60
7907.00.60
8102.96.00
8105.20.60
8106.10.00
8108.90.30
8109.91.00
8112.19.00
8112.41.10
8112.52.00
8112.69.90
8112.92.65

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 111

U.S. Notes (con.)

8112.92.70
8113.00.00
8201.40.60
8201.90.40
8202.31.00
8202.91.30
8203.10.60
8203.20.60
8203.40.60
8205.10.00
8205.30.60
8205.51.45
8205.59.20
8205.59.60
8205.70.00
8207.13.00
8207.30.30
8207.50.20
8207.60.00
8207.80.60
8207.90.60
8208.30.00
8208.90.60
8211.94.10
8211.95.90
8302.10.60
8302.30.60
8302.49.20
8302.50.00
8306.30.00
8307.90.60
8308.90.30
8309.90.00
8311.30.30
8406.81.10
8406.90.45
8406.90.75
8407.32.90
8407.33.90
8407.34.44
8408.20.90
8409.91.92
8409.99.92
8413.20.00
8414.10.00
8414.59.15
8414.80.90
8415.10.90
8415.83.00
8418.29.10
8418.50.00
8418.99.80
8422.90.04
8424.30.10
8424.49.00
8425.41.00
8426.91.00
8430.50.10
8442.50.10
8443.39.30
8443.99.30
8451.10.00
8451.40.00
8451.90.60
8459.29.00
8465.20.10

8112.99.10
8201.10.00
8201.50.00
8201.90.60
8202.39.00
8202.91.60
8203.10.90
8203.20.80
8204.11.00
8205.20.30
8205.40.00
8205.51.60
8205.59.30
8205.59.70
8205.90.10
8207.19.30
8207.30.60
8207.50.40
8207.70.30
8207.90.15
8207.90.75
8208.40.30
8209.00.00
8211.94.50
8215.20.00
8302.10.90
8302.41.30
8302.49.40
8302.60.30
8307.10.30
8308.10.00
8308.90.60
8310.00.00
8311.30.60
8406.90.20
8406.90.50
8407.31.00
8407.33.10
8407.34.14
8407.34.48
8409.91.10
8409.91.99
8409.99.99
8413.30.10
8414.20.00
8414.59.65
8414.90.10
8415.20.00
8416.30.00
8418.29.20
8418.61.01
8421.11.00
8423.81.00
8424.30.90
8424.90.90
8425.42.00
8427.90.00
8432.41.00
8443.15.00
8443.39.40
8443.99.35
8451.21.00
8451.50.00
8451.90.90
8459.59.00
8465.20.50

8112.99.20
8201.30.00
8201.60.00
8202.10.00
8202.40.30
8202.99.00
8203.20.20
8203.30.00
8204.12.00
8205.20.60
8205.51.15
8205.51.75
8205.59.45
8205.59.80
8205.90.60
8207.19.60
8207.40.30
8207.50.60
8207.70.60
8207.90.30
8208.10.00
8208.40.60
8210.00.00
8211.95.10
8215.99.05
8302.20.00
8302.41.60
8302.49.60
8302.60.90
8307.10.60
8308.20.30
8308.90.90
8311.10.00
8311.90.00
8406.90.30
8406.90.60
8407.32.10
8407.33.30
8407.34.18
8407.34.55
8409.91.30
8409.99.10
8412.90.90
8413.30.90
8414.40.00
8414.60.00
8415.10.30
8415.81.01
8418.10.00
8418.30.00
8418.91.00
8421.23.00
8424.20.10
8424.41.10
8425.19.00
8425.49.00
8428.40.00
8433.90.10
8443.16.00
8443.39.50
8446.30.50
8451.29.00
8451.80.00
8452.29.90
8460.39.00
8465.20.80

8112.99.91
8201.40.30
8201.90.30
8202.20.00
8202.40.60
8203.10.30
8203.20.40
8203.40.30
8204.20.00
8205.30.30
8205.51.30
8205.59.10
8205.59.55
8205.60.00
8206.00.00
8207.20.00
8207.40.60
8207.50.80
8207.80.30
8207.90.45
8208.20.00
8208.90.30
8211.93.00
8211.95.50
8301.20.00
8302.30.30
8302.41.90
8302.49.80
8303.00.00
8307.90.30
8308.20.60
8309.10.00
8311.20.00
8404.10.00
8406.90.40
8406.90.70
8407.32.20
8407.33.60
8407.34.25
8408.20.20
8409.91.50
8409.99.91
8413.11.00
8413.92.00
8414.59.10
8414.80.16
8415.10.60
8415.82.01
8418.21.00
8418.40.00
8418.99.40
8421.31.00
8424.20.90
8424.41.90
8425.31.01
8426.30.00
8430.49.40
8441.10.00
8443.39.20
8443.99.10
8448.51.20
8451.30.00
8451.90.30
8454.20.00
8461.50.80
8465.91.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 112
U.S. Notes (con.)

8466.91.10
8468.20.10
8470.10.00
8470.90.01
8471.60.90
8471.80.10
8472.10.00
8472.90.60
8473.30.11
8473.40.41
8476.90.00
8479.83.00
8479.89.95
8481.30.10
8481.80.90
8483.10.50
8483.40.70
8485.10.01
8501.40.40
8501.80.10
8504.31.60
8504.40.95
8505.19.20
8506.30.50
8507.20.80
8508.19.00
8509.90.25
8510.20.10
8510.90.30
8511.20.00
8511.80.60
8512.30.00
8512.90.40
8513.90.20
8516.21.00
8516.80.80
8516.90.35
8516.90.65
8516.90.90
8518.40.20
8518.90.60
8522.90.25
8522.90.65
8523.52.00
8524.92.00
8525.82.00
8527.21.15
8527.29.80
8528.49.35
8528.59.05
8528.69.20
8528.72.20
8528.72.40
8529.90.04
8529.90.49
8529.90.88
8531.90.30
8534.00.00
8537.10.91
8539.21.20
8539.39.10
8540.11.10
8540.11.44
8540.12.20
8540.20.40
8540.71.40

8466.93.15
8468.80.10
8470.21.00
8471.50.01
8471.70.10
8471.80.40
8472.30.00
8472.90.90
8473.30.51
8476.21.00
8477.59.01
8479.89.10
8480.10.00
8481.80.10
8482.10.10
8483.20.40
8483.50.40
8485.30.00
8501.40.50
8502.20.00
8504.40.60
8504.50.40
8505.19.30
8506.80.00
8507.30.40
8508.60.00
8509.90.35
8510.20.90
8510.90.40
8511.30.00
8511.90.60
8512.40.20
8512.90.60
8513.90.40
8516.29.00
8516.90.05
8516.90.45
8516.90.75
8517.69.00
8518.50.00
8518.90.81
8522.90.36
8522.90.80
8523.59.00
8524.99.00
8525.83.00
8527.21.25
8528.42.00
8528.49.45
8528.59.10
8528.69.30
8528.72.24
8528.72.44
8529.90.36
8529.90.55
8531.10.00
8531.90.75
8535.40.00
8538.90.10
8539.21.40
8539.39.90
8540.11.24
8540.11.48
8540.12.50
8540.40.10
8540.81.00

8467.19.50
8468.90.10
8470.29.00
8471.60.10
8471.70.20
8471.80.90
8472.90.05
8473.21.00
8473.30.91
8476.29.00
8479.60.00
8479.89.20
8480.79.10
8481.80.30
8483.10.10
8483.20.80
8483.60.80
8485.80.00
8501.40.60
8504.31.20
8504.40.70
8504.50.80
8506.10.00
8507.10.00
8507.50.00
8508.70.00
8509.90.45
8510.90.10
8510.90.55
8511.40.00
8512.20.20
8512.40.40
8512.90.70
8514.20.40
8516.60.40
8516.90.15
8516.90.50
8516.90.80
8518.10.40
8518.90.20
8519.81.30
8522.90.45
8523.21.00
8524.12.00
8525.50.30
8525.89.30
8527.21.40
8528.49.15
8528.49.60
8528.69.05
8528.72.04
8528.72.28
8528.73.00
8529.90.39
8529.90.77
8531.20.00
8531.90.90
8536.61.00
8538.90.30
8539.31.00
8539.49.00
8540.11.28
8540.11.50
8540.12.70
8540.60.00
8540.91.15

8467.99.01
8468.90.50
8470.30.00
8471.60.70
8471.70.50
8471.90.00
8472.90.10
8473.29.00
8473.40.21
8476.81.00
8479.71.00
8479.89.70
8480.79.90
8481.80.50
8483.10.30
8483.40.50
8483.90.50
8501.40.20
8501.61.01
8504.31.40
8504.40.85
8504.90.20
8506.30.10
8507.20.40
8508.11.00
8509.80.20
8509.90.55
8510.90.20
8511.10.00
8511.50.00
8512.20.40
8512.90.20
8512.90.90
8514.90.40
8516.80.40
8516.90.25
8516.90.55
8516.90.85
8518.40.10
8518.90.41
8522.10.00
8522.90.58
8523.49.40
8524.19.00
8525.81.00
8525.89.50
8527.29.40
8528.49.20
8528.49.80
8528.69.10
8528.72.12
8528.72.36
8529.10.21
8529.90.43
8529.90.87
8531.90.15
8533.39.00
8536.69.80
8539.10.00
8539.32.00
8539.51.00
8540.11.30
8540.12.10
8540.20.20
8540.71.20
8540.91.20

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 113

U.S. Notes (con.)

8540.91.50
8543.70.85
8544.20.00
8545.11.00
8545.90.20
8546.90.00
8547.90.00
8549.31.00
8602.90.00
8706.00.50
8708.10.30
8708.29.15
8708.30.10
8708.40.50
8708.40.75
8708.50.61
8708.50.79
8708.50.91
8708.70.05
8708.70.45
8708.80.13
8708.80.60
8708.91.60
8708.92.10
8708.92.70
8708.93.60
8708.94.60
8708.95.05
8708.99.03
8708.99.27
8708.99.53
8708.99.81
8712.00.44
8714.91.30
8714.92.50
8714.93.28
8714.94.90
8714.96.90
8716.39.00
8716.90.10
8903.11.00
8903.22.00
8903.33.00
8903.93.90
8903.99.91
9001.90.60
9002.11.60
9002.20.80
9007.20.20
9007.92.00
9010.10.00
9010.50.40
9010.90.85
9013.10.30
9013.90.70
9015.30.40
9016.00.40
9017.20.40
9017.30.80
9025.90.06
9027.90.68
9029.20.60
9031.90.45
9104.00.25
9104.00.50
9106.90.55

8540.99.40
8543.70.91
8544.42.10
8545.19.20
8545.90.40
8547.10.40
8548.00.00
8549.39.00
8706.00.03
8707.10.00
8708.10.60
8708.29.21
8708.30.50
8708.40.60
8708.50.11
8708.50.65
8708.50.81
8708.50.93
8708.70.15
8708.70.60
8708.80.16
8708.80.65
8708.91.65
8708.92.50
8708.92.75
8708.93.75
8708.94.65
8708.95.10
8708.99.06
8708.99.31
8708.99.55
8712.00.15
8712.00.48
8714.91.50
8714.93.05
8714.93.35
8714.95.00
8716.10.00
8716.40.00
8716.90.30
8903.12.00
8903.23.00
8903.93.05
8903.99.06
8907.10.00
9001.90.80
9002.11.90
9002.90.85
9007.20.40
9008.50.50
9010.50.10
9010.50.50
9010.90.95
9013.80.20
9013.90.80
9015.30.80
9016.00.60
9017.20.70
9017.80.00
9026.80.40
9029.10.40
9029.90.20
9104.00.05
9104.00.30
9106.10.00
9106.90.65

8540.99.80
8543.90.85
8544.42.20
8545.19.40
8546.10.00
8547.10.80
8549.21.00
8549.91.00
8706.00.05
8707.90.10
8708.21.00
8708.29.25
8708.40.11
8708.40.65
8708.50.31
8708.50.70
8708.50.85
8708.50.95
8708.70.25
8708.80.03
8708.80.51
8708.91.10
8708.91.70
8708.92.60
8708.93.15
8708.94.10
8708.94.70
8708.95.15
8708.99.16
8708.99.41
8708.99.58
8712.00.25
8712.00.50
8714.91.90
8714.93.15
8714.93.70
8714.96.10
8716.20.00
8716.80.10
8716.90.50
8903.19.00
8903.31.00
8903.93.15
8903.99.16
9001.90.40
9001.90.90
9002.19.00
9006.30.00
9007.20.60
9008.90.40
9010.50.20
9010.50.60
9011.20.80
9013.80.40
9014.10.10
9015.90.01
9017.10.40
9017.20.80
9017.90.01
9027.10.40
9029.10.80
9029.90.40
9104.00.10
9104.00.40
9106.90.20
9106.90.75

8543.70.71
8543.90.88
8544.42.90
8545.20.00
8546.20.00
8547.20.00
8549.29.00
8549.99.00
8706.00.15
8707.90.50
8708.22.00
8708.29.51
8708.40.30
8708.40.70
8708.50.51
8708.50.75
8708.50.89
8708.50.99
8708.70.35
8708.80.05
8708.80.55
8708.91.50
8708.91.75
8708.92.65
8708.93.30
8708.94.50
8708.94.75
8708.95.20
8708.99.23
8708.99.48
8708.99.68
8712.00.35
8714.91.20
8714.92.10
8714.93.24
8714.94.30
8714.96.50
8716.31.00
8716.80.50
8804.00.00
8903.21.00
8903.32.00
8903.93.20
8903.99.21
9001.90.50
9002.11.40
9002.20.40
9007.10.00
9007.20.80
9008.90.80
9010.50.30
9010.60.00
9011.80.00

9015.10.40
9016.00.20
9017.10.80
9017.30.40
9025.80.20
9027.10.60
9029.20.20
9030.20.10
9104.00.20
9104.00.45
9106.90.40
9106.90.85

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 114
U.S. Notes (con.)

9107.00.40
9401.39.00
9401.53.00
9401.69.20
9401.99.35
9403.30.40
9403.40.90
9403.60.40
9403.89.30
9403.99.20
9403.99.90
9404.29.90
9405.19.40
9405.21.60
9405.29.80
9405.41.60
9405.42.60
9405.50.20
9405.61.40
9405.69.60
9405.91.60
9406.10.00
9606.10.80
9606.22.00
9606.30.40
9607.20.00
9620.00.25
9620.00.60

9107.00.80
9401.41.00
9401.59.00
9401.69.40
9401.99.90
9403.30.80
9403.50.40
9403.60.80
9403.89.60
9403.99.30
9404.10.00
9405.11.40
9405.19.60
9405.21.80
9405.31.00
9405.41.82
9405.42.82
9405.50.30
9405.61.60
9405.91.10
9405.92.00
9406.20.00
9606.21.20
9606.29.20
9606.30.80
9620.00.10
9620.00.30
9620.00.65

9401.20.00
9401.49.00
9401.61.20
9401.69.80
9403.10.00
9403.40.40
9403.50.60
9403.82.00
9403.91.00
9403.99.40
9404.21.00
9405.11.60
9405.19.80
9405.29.40
9405.39.00
9405.41.84
9405.42.84
9405.50.40
9405.69.20
9405.91.30
9405.99.20
9406.90.01
9606.21.40
9606.29.40
9607.11.00
9620.00.15
9620.00.50
9620.00.70

9401.31.00
9401.52.00
9401.61.60
9401.91.90
9403.20.00
9403.40.60
9403.50.90
9403.83.00
9403.99.10
9403.99.50
9404.29.10
9405.11.80
9405.21.40
9405.29.60
9405.41.40
9405.42.40
9405.49.00
9405.61.20
9405.69.40
9405.91.40
9405.99.40
9606.10.40
9606.21.60
9606.29.60
9607.19.00
9620.00.20
9620.00.55

(g)

For the purposes of heading 9903.88.04, products of China, as provided for in this note, shall be subject to an additional
25 percent ad valorem rate of duty, except products of China granted an exclusion by the U.S. Trade Representative
and provided for in: (1) heading 9903.88.33 and U.S. note 20(ll) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (2) heading 9903.88.34
and U.S. note 20(mm) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (3) heading 9903.88.36 and U.S. note 20(oo) to subchapter III
of chapter 99; (4) heading 9903.88.37 and U.S. note 20(pp) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (5) heading 9903.88.38
and U.S. note 20(qq) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (6) heading 9903.88.40 and U.S. note 20(ss) to subchapter III
of chapter 99; (7) heading 9903.88.46 and U.S. note 20(yy) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (8) heading 9903.88.48
and U.S. note 20(aaa) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (9) heading 9903.88.64 and U.S. note 20(qqq) to subchapter
III of chapter 99; (10) heading 9903.88.67 and U.S. note 20(ttt)(iii) to subchapter III of chapter 99; or (11) heading
9903.88.69 and U.S. note 20(vvv)(iii) to subchapter III of chapter 99. The products of China that are subject to an
additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty under heading 9903.88.04 are the following products of China: [Compiler's
note: only subdivisions (vvv) and (www) are now in effect.]

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

Other non-aromatic organo-inorganic compounds, provided for in 2931.90.90, except for such compounds provided
for in statistical reporting number 2931.90.9051;

Machines for the reception, conversion and transmission or regeneration of voice, images or other data, provided
for in [subheading] 8517.62.00, except for such machines provided for in statistical reporting number 8517.62.0090;

Other upholstered seats with wooden frames, provided for in [subheading] 9401.61.40, except for such seats
provided for in statistical reporting number 9401.61.4001;

Other seats with wooden frames, not upholstered, provided for in [subheading] 9401.69.60, except for such seats
provided for in statistical reporting number 9401.69.6001;

Other upholstered seats with metal frames, provided for in [subheading] 9401.71.00, except for such seats provided
for in statistical reporting numbers 9401.71.0001, 9401.71.0005, 9401.71.0006, 9401.71.0007;

Other seats with metal frames, not upholstered, provided for in [subheading] 9401.79.00, except for such seats
provided for in statistical reporting numbers 9401.79.0001, 9401.79.0002, 9401.79.0003, 9401.79.0004;

Other seats of reinforced or laminated plastics, provided for in [subheading] 9401.80.20, except for such seats
provided for in statistical reporting number 9401.80.2001;

Other seats of rubber or plastics except for other seats of reinforced or laminated plastics, provided for in
[subheading] 9401.80.40, except for such seats provided for in statistical reporting number 9401.80.4001;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 115

U.S. Notes (con.)

9.

10.

11.

Other seats, provided for in [subheading] 9401.80.60, except for such seats provided for in statistical reporting
numbers 9401.80.6021 and 9401.80.6023;

Furniture of reinforced or laminated plastics, provided for in [subheading] 9403.70.40, except for such furniture
provided for in statistical reporting number 9403.70.4003; and

Plastic furniture except for furniture of reinforced or laminated plastics, provided for in [subheading] 9403.70.80,
except for such furniture provided for in statistical reporting number 9403.70.8003.

Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of China that are subject to the additional 25 percent ad
valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.04 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on
products of China classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(g).

Products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(g) to subchapter III and that are
eligible for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, or that are eligible for temporary duty
exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate
of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.04.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04 do not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40,. 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties
apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading.
For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of
the United States, as described in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of China that are subject to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.04
shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing, or other duties, fees, exactions and charges that apply to
such products, as well as to the additional 25 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.04.

(h)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by
heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11, 2018). Pursuant to
the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for
in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the enumerated
statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

8412.21.0075

8418.69.0120

8480.71.8045

8482.10.5044

8482.10.5048

8482.10.5052

8525.60.1010

Spark-ignition engines for marine propulsion, outboard, each rated at not less than 29.83 kW but not more than
44.74 kW (described in statistical reporting number 8407.21.0080)

Welded hydraulic linear acting (cylinders) engines and motors, each with piston bore of 12.7 mm or more but not
over 254 mm, with stroke not over 11.43 m, overall length not over 15.24 m and rod diameter not over 1.219 m
(described in statistical reporting number 8412.21.0030)

(10)

Stretchers of stainless steel, designed to move rollers to adjust tension of paper fabric to be dried, each with a
pivoting arm with an actuator, linear rail movement with an actuator, and front and back units with mounting holes
for tube roll bearing housings (described in statistical reporting number 8419.90.2000)

(11) Roller machines with dies for embossing paper, manually powered (described in statistical reporting number

8420.10.9080)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 116
U.S. Notes (con.)

(12)

Salad spinners of plastics, with capacity of at least 2.4 liters but not more than 3.8 liters (described in statistical
reporting number 8421.19.0000)

(13) Nonelectric water filtration apparatus consisting of three cylinder-shaped filter cartridges, each measuring 6.35
cm by 26.67 cm, having water storage tank and plastic tubing measuring 0.63 cm or more but not over 0.95 cm,
presented with installation kit (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(14) Winches, each having a winch frame with a corrosion resistant coating and stainless steel mandrel with nylon

bushings, operated manually by a worm gear mechanism (described in statistical reporting number 8425.39.0100)

(15)

(16)

(17)

Elevators, comprising L-shaped steel buckets bolted to a steel chain, with guide rollers and a drive system
(described in statistical reporting number 8428.32.0000)

Belt conveyors, each comprising a frame with leveling feet, electric motor and food grade plastic conveyor belt
(described in statistical reporting number 8428.33.0000)

Belt conveyors, each comprising a welded frame with leveling feet and casters, electric motor and food grade
plastic modular conveyor belt (described in statistical reporting number 8428.33.0000)

(18) Guards of stainless steel, designed to shield operators of papermaking machines from moving or rotating equipment,
each with dimensions ranging from 30 cm by 30 cm by 50 cm to 50 cm by 50 cm by 4 m, weighing 30 kg or more
but not over 100 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

(19)

Scrapers ("doctors") of stainless steel, designed to scrape impurities from the rotating roll surface of the forming
and press sections of papermaking machines, each comprising a beam with a blade of non-symmetrical cross
section, long aspect ratio, and mounting journals and turning devices on either end, with dimensions ranging from
50 cm by 50 cm by 8 m to 60 cm by 6 m by 11 m, weighing 1 metric ton or more but not over 3 metric tons
(described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

(20)

Frameworks of the forming and press section of papermaking machines, of stainless steel or cladded mild steel
with stainless or acid proof steel, each with dimensions ranging from 1 m by 1 m by 1 m to 2.3 m by 2.3 m by 12
m, weighing 500 kg or more but not over 40 metric tons (described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

(21) Guides of stainless steel, designed for locating conveyer belts on papermaking machines, each with a moving

arm with an actuator and front and back units with mounting holes for tube roll bearing houses, each with dimensions
ranging from 40 cm by 50 cm by 30 cm to 1 m by 1 m by 50 cm, weighing 300 kg or more but not over 500 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

(22) Rollers of steel and cast iron ("nip rollers") with bearing journals on either end,designed for use in paper

manufacturing to mechanically compress paper web to remove water or impart desired mechanical properties in
paper web, each with a polymer cover, the foregoing with length of 7 m or more but not over 12 m, with diameter
of 1 m or more but not over 1.5 m, weighing 15 metric tons or more but not over 30 metric tons (described in
statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

(23) Open containers ("savealls") of stainless steel, designed to catch water run off generated in the papermaking

process, constructed of large square shaped plates and flat constructions with mounting holes on ends, each with
dimensions ranging from 50 cm by 50 cm by 50 cm to 1.5 m by 1 m by 10 m, weighing 50 kg or more but not over
2 metric tons (described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

(24)

(25)

Stretchers of stainless steel, designed to move rollers of papermaking machines to adjust tension of fabric, each
with a pivoting arm with an actuator, linear rail movement with an actuator and front and back units with mounting
holes for tube roll bearing housings (described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

Suction boxes of stainless steel, which remove water from paper web or papermaking fabrics during papermaking,
each with dimensions ranging from 50 cm by 50 cm by 8 m to 1 m by 1 m by 10 m, weighing 1.5 metric tons or
more but not over 2 metric tons (described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

(26) Rollers of stainless steel or cast iron, designed for use in paper manufacturing to support and convey papermaking

cloth (i.e. fabric) or the paper web, each weighing 7 metric tons or more but not over 20 metric tons, measuring
7 m or more but not over 12 m in length, with diameter of 40 cm or more but not over 1.5 m, presented with bearing
journals on either end and a polymer cover (described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

(27) Workstands designed to use with miter saws, each with metal tube frame, 4 metal legs and 2 metal extension

arms (described in statistical reporting number 8466.92.5010)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 117

U.S. Notes (con.)

(28) Workstands designed for use with miter saws, each with wheels to make workstand mobile and with sides that

fold up to extend the work area (described in statistical reporting number 8466.92.5010)

(29)

Angle cock handle assemblies, of iron and steel, each measuring 11.43 cm by 21.59 cm by 5.08 cm and weighing
0.748 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9040)

(30) Radiation therapy systems, each encased by steel-based structural shell with gantry cover comprising three pairs

of plastics-based panels (described in statistical reporting number 9022.14.0000)

(31)

Thermostats designed for air conditioning or heating systems, not designed to connect to the internet, the foregoing
designed for wall mounting (described in statistical reporting number 9032.10.0030)

(i)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

8412.21.0045

8430.31.0040

8607.21.1000

Submersible centrifugal pumps, each powered by 36 V motor (described in statistical reporting number
8413.70.2004)

Breast pumps, whether or not with accessories or batteries (described in statistical reporting number 8413.81.0040)

Impeller housings of cast iron (whether described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 (parts of pumps
for liquids, other), prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095, January 1,
2019, through December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096,
effective January 1, 2020)

Impellers of plastic designed for centrifugal pumps, each of the foregoing with outside diameter of 73 mm or more
but not more than 74 mm (whether described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 (parts of pumps for
liquids, other) prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095, January 1, 2019,
through December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective
January 1, 2020)

Compressor housings designed for turbochargers (described in statistical reporting number 8414.90.4165)

Salad spinners, of plastics, not electrically powered (described in statistical reporting number 8421.19.0000)

(10) Machinery for filtering water, submersible, powered by batteries, manually operated, such machinery designed
for use in pools, basins, aquariums, spas or similar contained bodies of water (described in statistical reporting
number 8421.21.0000)

(11) Machinery designed for removing waste from water in saltwater aquariums by injecting air bubbles then filtering

such bubbles (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(12)

Electronic water oxidizers designed for purifying water for household washing machines (described in statistical
reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(13) Hand-held ultraviolet water purifiers, powered by batteries (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(14)

Filters designed to remove sulfites from wine (described in statistical reporting number 8421.22.0000)

(15)

(16)

Filter housings, covers, or couplings, the foregoing of steel and comprising parts of machinery or apparatus for
filtering liquids (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040)

Steel L-shaped bucket elevators, each comprising steel buckets bolted to a steel chain with guide wires and drive
system (described in statistical reporting number 8428.32.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 118
U.S. Notes (con.)

(17)

Vulcanized rubber tracks, each incorporating cords and cleats of steel, designed for use on construction equipment
(described in statistical reporting number 8431.49.9095)

(18) Rotors designed to agitate paper and water into pulp, of stainless steel, the foregoing comprising parts of machinery

for making pulp of fibrous cellulosic materials (described in statistical reporting number 8439.91.9000)

(19)

Automated data processing storage units (other than magnetic disk drive units), not assembled in cabinets for
placing on a table or similar place, not presented with any other unit of a system (described in statistical reporting
number 8471.70.6000)

(20)

Bituminous pavers, self-propelled, each with a weight exceeding 14.9 metric tons but not exceeding 18.2 metric
tons, with working width of 2.4 m or more but not over 8.6 m (described in statistical reporting number 8479.10.0060)

(21) Check valves, of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS), each weighing 120 g or less (described in statistical

reporting number 8481.30.9000)

(22) Check valves, of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8481.30.9000)

(23)

Electric motors, AC, permanent split capacitor type, each in a housing with outside diameter of 84 mm or less,
with output of 6 W or more but not exceeding 16 W (described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.4020)

(24) DC motors rated at 739.6 W, each with a housing with external diameter of 85 mm or more but not exceeding 90

mm and weight of 2575 g or less (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.5000)

(25)

(26)

Electrical transformers, each with a power handling capacity rating of 1.8 kVA, with external dimensions measuring
approximately 13.3 cm by 12.7 cm by 11.4 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8504.32.0000)

Battery powered soldering irons or soldering guns, not over 18 cm in length (described in statistical reporting
number 8515.11.0000)

(27)

Knobs of injection molded plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8538.90.6000)

(28) Molybdenum foil filament assemblies, designed for use in ultraviolet lamps (described in statistical reporting

number 8539.90.0000)

(29)

Thin-film-transistor, light-emitting diode (LED) backlit flat panel liquid crystal display modules, each with an
aluminum bezel and a video display diagonal measuring 113 mm or more but not over 339 mm (described in
statistical reporting number 9013.80.7000)

(30) Depth-sounding apparatus with digital display, each designed for installation in a 63.5 mm hole in dashboard,

designed for recreational boating use (described in statistical reporting number 9014.80.2000)

(31) Restraint packs designed for use with chest compressors, each containing one torso restraint, consisting of a
cotton strap which fastens with hook and loop fasteners to the compressor, and one cover for a head stabilizer
(described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.7580)

(32)

[Exclusion deleted.]

(33)

Tuners designed to clip onto musical instruments and indicate whether the instrument is in tune (described in
statistical reporting number 9031.80.8085)

(j)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

Pumps designed for countertop appliances for serving beer, the foregoing that control the level of carbonation by
means of sonic waves (described in statistical reporting number 8413.19.0000)

Roller machines designed for cutting, etching or embossing paper, foil or fabric, manually powered (described in
statistical reporting number 8420.10.9080)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 119

U.S. Notes (con.)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Water oxidizers and chlorinators (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

Ratchet winches designed for use with textile fabric strapping (described in statistical reporting number
8425.39.0100)

Continuous action elevators and conveyors, designed to convey mineral materials (described in statistical reporting
number 8428.33.0000)

Counterweight castings of iron or steel designed for use on fork lift and other works trucks (described in statistical
reporting number 8431.20.0000)

Tines, carriages, and other goods handling apparatus and parts designed for use on fork lift and other works
trucks (described in statistical reporting number 8431.20.0000)

Parts of drill sharpening machines (described in statistical reporting number 8466.93.9885)

Outer shells of hydraulic accumulators, of iron or non-alloy steel, cylindrical with hemispherical heads on each
end (described in statistical reporting number 8479.90.9496)

(10)

Parts of mechanical awnings and shades (described in statistical reporting number 8479.90.9496)

(11) Reject doors, pin protectors, liners, front walls, grates, hammers, rotor and end disc caps, and anvil and breaker
bars, of iron or steel, the foregoing parts of metal shredders (described in statistical reporting number 8479.90.9496)

(12)

(13)

(14)

Steering wheels designed for watercraft, of stainless steel, having a wheel diameter exceeding 27 cm but not
exceeding 78 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8479.90.9496)

Pressure regulators of brass or bronze, whether high or low inlet type, having a rated flow rate of 55,000 - 150,000
BTU/hr, maximum inlet pressure of 0.17 MPa to 1.72 MPa, inlet connection with POL or thread type of fitting
(described in statistical reporting number 8481.10.0090)

Pipe brackets of aluminum, each with 4 ports, the foregoing measuring 27.9 cm x 20.3 cm x 17.8 cm and weighing
11.34 kg, designed for installation into air brake control valves (described in statistical reporting number
8481.90.9040)

(15)

Push pins and C-poles of steel, designed for use in variable force solenoid valves (described in statistical reporting
number 8481.90.9040)

(16)

Ball bearings of a width not exceeding 30 mm (described in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5032)

(17)

Inductor baseplates of aluminum, each with a length measuring 149.20 mm or more but not over 275 mm, with
a width measuring 119.40 mm or more but not over 232 mm and with a depth of 10.50 mm or more but not over
19 mm, with a weight of 0.48 kg or more but not over 3.2 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8504.90.9690)

(18)

Parts of soldering irons and soldering machines (described in statistical reporting number 8515.90.4000)

(19) Motor vehicle gear shift switch assemblies, comprised of a plunger, connector and gear shift lever (described in

statistical reporting number 8536.50.9065)

(20)

(21)

Pressure switches designed for use in heat pumps and air-conditioning condensers having a rating of 1.90
megapascals or more but not over 4.55 megapascals (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9065)

Instruments for measuring or checking voltage or electrical connections; electrical circuit tracers (described in
statistical reporting number 9030.33.3800)

(k)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

8407.21.0040

XXII
99 - III - 120
U.S. Notes (con.)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

8427.10.4000

8473.40.1000

8481.10.0090

8483.50.9040

Apparatus, including pitchers, bottles, and units designed for incorporation into refrigerators, appliances or sink
faucets, the foregoing fitted with filters for filtering or purifying water (described in statistical reporting number
8421.21.0000)

Filtering apparatus, fitted with pumps, designed for use in pools, spas or similar contained bodies of water
(described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

Filtering or purifying machinery or apparatus of a kind used for waste water treatment (described in statistical
reporting number 8421.21.0000)

Submersible machinery for filtering water, designed for use in pools, basins, aquariums, spas or similar contained
bodies of water (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(10) Water distillation machinery and apparatus not covered by heading 8419 (described in statistical reporting number

8421.21.0000)

(11)

Air purification equipment, electrically powered, weighing less than 36 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8421.39.8015)

(12) Dust collection equipment for cement, minerals and mining industries (described in statistical reporting number

8421.39.8015)

(13)

Apron-type chain conveyor (described in statistical reporting number 8428.39.0000)

(14) Roller conveyors (described in statistical reporting number 8428.39.0000)

(15)

Vibrating conveyors (described in statistical reporting number 8428.39.0000)

(16) Machinery for mixing beverages in single servings for direct human consumption, designed for use in commercial

food service establishments (described in statistical reporting number 8438.80.0000)

(17) Machinery for reconstituting single serving beverages for direct human consumption from frozen pre-packaged
portions, designed for use in commercial food service establishments (described in statistical reporting number
8438.80.0000)

(18)

Armatures designed for use in hydraulic solenoid valves (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9040)

(19) C-poles, of steel, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical reporting number

8481.90.9040)

(20) Housings designed for hydraulic ball valves, of cast iron or steel, each measuring 5.7 cm by 3.2 cm and weighing

0.528 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9040)

(21) Metering spools, of aluminum, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical

reporting number 8481.90.9040)

(22) Metering spools, of steel, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical reporting

number 8481.90.9040)

(23)

(24)

Poles, of steel, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical reporting number
8481.90.9040)

Push pins, of steel, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical reporting number
8481.90.9040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 121

U.S. Notes (con.)

(25) Retainers, of steel, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical reporting number

8481.90.9040)

(26)

(27)

Electric motors of a width exceeding 7.5 mm but not exceeding 43 mm (described in statistical reporting number
8501.10.4060)

AC electric motors, multi-phase, of an output exceeding 14.92 kW but not exceeding 75 kW, other than for use
in civil aircraft (described in statistical reporting number 8501.52.8040)

(28) Coils, coil assemblies and other parts of electromagnets (the foregoing described in statistical reporting number

8505.90.7501)

(29) Radio remote control apparatus for garage doors (described in statistical reporting number 8526.92.5000)

(30) Radio remote control apparatus for pet collars and pet food dispensers (described in statistical reporting number

8526.92.5000)

(31) Remote control devices, hand held and battery powered, designed for use with toy model vehicles and aircraft

(described in statistical reporting number 8526.92.5000)

(32)

(33)

(34)

(35)

(36)

(37)

(38)

(39)

Bezels, covers and housings, the foregoing designed for motor vehicle cameras (described in statistical reporting
number 8529.90.8100)

Electromechanical relays, for a voltage exceeding 60 V but not over 250 V, with contacts rated at 10 A or more
(described in statistical reporting number 8536.49.0075)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 2.9 cm by 2.9 cm by 2.9 cm, with 4 spade or
brass terminals, with an actuator shaft with D-shaped cross section (described in statistical reporting number
8536.50.9035)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 4.8 cm by 2.8 cm by 2.8 cm, with 2 spade or
brass terminals (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9035)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 5 cm by 1.7 cm by 1.9 cm, with 2 spade or
brass terminals, with an actuator shaft with D-shaped cross section (described in statistical reporting number
8536.50.9035)

Snap-action switches, each designed for installation in a wall-mounted enclosure or electrical box (described in
statistical reporting number 8536.50.9040)

Stereoscopic microscopes, not provided with a means for photographing the image, valued not over $500 per
unit (described in statistical reporting number 9011.10.8000)

Adapter rings, tubes and extension sleeves, stands and arm assemblies, stages and gliding tables, eyeguards
and focusing racks, all the foregoing designed for use with compound optical microscopes (described in statistical
reporting number 9011.90.0000)

(40) Ultraviolet or infrared LED light therapy devices for the professional treatment of pain or of ailments of the skin

(described in statistical reporting number 9018.20.0040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 122
U.S. Notes (con.)

(l)

For the purposes of heading 9903.88.09, products of China, as provided for in this note, shall be subject to an additional
10 percent ad valorem rate of duty. The products of China that are subject to an additional 10 percent ad valorem
rate of duty under heading 9903.88.09 are products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in
U.S. notes 20(f) or 20(g) to subchapter III. All products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in
U.S. notes 20(f) or 20(g) to subchapter III are subject to the additional 10 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by
heading 9903.88.09. The product exclusions provided by headings 9903.88.13, 9903.88.18, 9903.88.33, 9903.88.34,
9903.88.35, 9903.88.36, 9903.88.37, 9903.88.38, 9903.88.40, 9903.88.41, 9903.88.43, 9903.88.45, 9903.88.46 and
9903.88.48 shall apply to articles the product of China that were entered under heading 9903.88.09 and that are
provided for in this subdivision. [Compiler's notes: The last sentence of this paragraph applied to such articles
exported before May 10, 2019, and entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption,
into the United States on or after May 10, 2019, and before June 15, 2019. See 86 F.R. 22092. The list of HTS
rate lines subject to additional duty are NOT updated for the HS 2022 changes of January 27, 2022.]

For the purposes of heading 9903.88.09, the products of China that are subject to an additional 10 percent ad valorem
rate of duty are products that are: (1) exported to the United States before May 10, 2019; and (2) entered for consumption,
or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption on or after May 10, 2019, and before June 15, 2019.

Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of China that are subject to the additional 10 percent ad
valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.09 shall be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on products
of China classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. notes 20(f) or 20(g) to subchapter III.

Products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(f) or 20(g) to subchapter III and that
are eligible for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, or that are eligible for temporary
duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional 10 percent ad valorem
rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.09.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.09 do not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties
apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading.
For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of
the United States, as described in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of China that are provided for in heading 9903.88.09 and classified in one of the subheadings enumerated in
U.S. notes 20(f) or 20(g) to subchapter III shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing, or other duties,
fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional 10 percent ad valorem rate of duty
imposed by heading 9903.88.09.

(m)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

8537.10.8000

Parts of nonaircraft gas turbines, other than rotors, spindles, rotor assemblies, spindle assemblies or steel forgings
(described in statistical reporting number 8411.99.9085)

Oil well and oil field crank-balanced, long-stroke and beam pumps (described in statistical reporting number
8413.50.0010)

Radial piston hydraulic fluid pumps weighing not over 500 grams (described in statistical reporting number
8413.50.0070)

Centrifugal pumps, submersible, designed for use in apparatus for supplying water to pets (described in statistical
reporting number 8413.70.2004)

Centrifugal pumps, submersible, other than for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard;
the foregoing pumps rated not over 1.5 kW (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

Submersible dual port pump designed for use in swimming pools (described in statistical reporting number
8413.70.2004)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 123

U.S. Notes (con.)

(8)

Submersible pump designed for use in aquariums, not over 325 mm tall (described in statistical reporting number
8413.70.2004)

(9)

Submersible pump incorporating a magnetic drive motor (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

(10)

(11)

Submersible pumps, rated not over 1 horsepower, designed for use in pumping raw sewage (described in statistical
reporting number 8413.70.2004)

Sump pumps, submersible, rated not over 1 horsepower, activated by float switch (described in statistical reporting
number 8413.70.2004)

(12) Centrifugal pumps, not for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard, not submersible,

the foregoing single-stage, single-suction, close-coupled and with discharge outlet under 5.1 cm in diameter
(described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2005)

(13) Centrifugal pumps designed for eliminating condensate, the foregoing not elsewhere specified or included

(described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2090)

(14) Housings for water pumps of subheading 8413.30.90 (as described in subheading 8413.91.9010)

(15)

Impellers for water pumps of subheading 8413.30.90 (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9010)

(16) Hydraulic pump positioning piston assemblies (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9050 prior to

January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9060 effective January 1, 2019)

(17)

(18)

(19)

(20)

Plastic reservoirs for motor vehicle brake master cylinders (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9050
prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9060 effective January 1, 2019)

Airend assemblies, inlet guide vanes, air-ends, compressor baseplates and backplates (described in statistical
reporting number 8414.90.4175 prior to July 1, 2018; described in statistical reporting number 8414.90.4190
effective July 1, 2018)

Stand-alone icemaking machines, each having a rated capacity not exceeding 160 kg per day, capable of producing
ice in pieces not larger than 40 cubic cm in any dimension (described in statistical reporting number 8418.69.0110)

Assemblies of thermo-electric modules, whether or not presented with attached heat exchangers, fans, shrouds,
temperature sensors or controllers (described in statistical reporting number 8418.69.0180)

(21) Coolers, non-compressor, powered by 12 V DC, each with an interior volume not exceeding 17 liters (described

in statistical reporting number 8418.69.0180)

(22)

Solar water heaters incorporating glass tube heat collectors and including glass tubes and stands with tanks
(described in statistical reporting number 8419.19.0040)

(23) Distillation and rectifying equipment designed for use in the production of methylene diphenyl diisocyanate

(described in statistical reporting number 8419.40.0080)

(24) Heat exchanger plates, cores, finned tubes, cones, shells, bonnets, flanges and baffles (described in statistical

reporting number 8419.90.3000)

(25) Cast steel and steel structural forms designed for use in filtering machines, such machines used in mining or

manufacturing facilities (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0080)

(26)

(27)

Parts of air filtering machines or apparatus, the foregoing of cast steel and steel (described in statistical reporting
number 8421.99.0080)

Self-propelled fork-lift and platform trucks, each powered by an electric motor and controlled by walking operator
(described in statistical reporting number 8427.10.8090 prior to July 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting
number 8427.10.8070 or 8427.10.8095 effective July 1, 2019)

(28) Garage door opener/closers (described in statistical reporting number 8428.90.0290)

(29) Hinged steel transfer machinery, designed for diverting goods from and to conveyor lines (described in statistical

reporting number 8428.90.0290)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 124
U.S. Notes (con.)

(30) Rotating bench, electrically powered, designed for turning a workpiece in a production line (described in statistical

reporting number 8428.90.0290)

(31) Rotating fork machines, designed for lifting and depositing coiled steel bars in a production line (described in

statistical reporting number 8428.90.0290)

(32)

Vibratory, self-propelled tamping machines, each with drum roller (described in statistical reporting number
8429.40.0020)

(33) New, track-mounted hydraulic backhoes or hydraulic shovels, each with a 360-degree revolving superstructure

(described in statistical reporting number 8429.52.1010)

(34)

Pile drivers, diesel powered (described in statistical reporting number 8430.10.0000)

(35)

Belt conveyor crossmember assemblies (described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(36) Conveyor roller support brackets (described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(37) Carriers designed for holding motor vehicles in overhead conveyors (described in statistical reporting number

8431.39.0010)

(38) Catenary idler stringers (described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(39) Conveyor belt assemblies incorporating bearings (described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(40) Conveyor line pans, the foregoing parts suitable for use solely or principally with coal mine conveyors (described

in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(41) Conveyor spill plates (described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(42) Welded frames designed to support conveyor rollers (described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(43)

Feed pushers, bale forks, scrapers and frames therefor (described in statistical reporting number 8431.49.9010)

(44) Complete sheet pile rolling mills (described in statistical reporting number 8455.22.0000)

(45) Rolling mills designed to form 4 to 5 ribbed metal panels not exceeding 95 cm wide (described in statistical

reporting number 8455.22.0000)

(46) Double row ball bearings having an inner diameter exceeding 15 mm but not exceeding 32 mm, an outer diameter
exceeding 38 mm but not exceeding 64 mm and a width exceeding 15 mm but not exceeding 29 mm (described
in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5060)

(47) Needle roller bearings of a width not exceeding 30 mm (described in statistical reporting number 8482.40.0000)

(48) Outer bearing rings (described in statistical reporting number 8482.99.0500)

(49)

Bearing shields (described in statistical reporting number 8482.99.6595)

(50) Coupling covers, including center members, flanged hubs, sleeves and shoes (described in statistical reporting

number 8483.90.8010)

(51)

AC multi-phase motors, each of an output exceeding 300 kW but not exceeding 310 kW, fitted with pulleys and
brakes to raise and lower passenger elevators (described in statistical reporting number 8501.53.8040)

(52) Regenerative speed drive controllers for controlling speed of electric motors for elevators (described in statistical

reporting number 8504.40.4000)

(53)

Speed drive controllers for electric motors, each such controller measuring 100 mm or more but not over 130 mm
in length, 40 mm or more but not over 125 mm in width and 24 mm or more but not over 85 mm in height (described
in statistical reporting number 8504.40.4000)

(54)

Speed drive controllers for electric motors, the foregoing operating at 250 A or more but not over 500 A (described
in statistical reporting number 8504.40.4000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 125

U.S. Notes (con.)

(55)

(56)

(57)

(58)

(59)

Variable frequency drive controllers for electric motors, each weighing more than 1 kg but not more than 11 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.4000)

Printed circuit assemblies of the goods of subheading 8504.40 or 8504.50 for telecommunication apparatus, each
measuring 4 cm to 6 cm in width and 10 cm to 12 cm in length, that converts 36 V DC to 90 V AC (described in
statistical reporting number 8504.90.6500)

Printed circuit assemblies of the goods of subheading 8504.40 or 8504.50 for telecommunication apparatus, each
measuring 7 cm to 9 cm in width and 18 cm to 20 cm in length, having 2 switches, for power protection to prevent
electrical back feeding (described in statistical reporting number 8504.90.6500)

Printed circuit assemblies of the goods of subheading 8504.40 or 8504.50 for telecommunication apparatus, the
foregoing serving as controllers for power supplies, each measuring 5 cm to 7 cm in width and 11 cm to 14 cm
in length, having 50 pin on side header (described in statistical reporting number 8504.90.6500)

Printed circuit assemblies of the goods of subheading 8504.40 or 8504.50 for telecommunication apparatus, the
foregoing serving as noise filters, each measuring 18 cm to 20 cm in width and 25 cm to 27 cm in length, populated
with semiconductor devices and 4 heat sinks (described in statistical reporting number 8504.90.6500)

(60) Radio transceivers operating on frequencies from 46 MHz to 468 MHz, each designed for installation in motor

vehicles (described in statistical reporting number 8525.60.1050)

(61)

Antennas, of base metal and fiberglass (described in statistical reporting number 8529.10.4040)

(62)

Projector parts (described in statistical reporting number 8529.90.9900)

(63)

(64)

(65)

(66)

(67)

(68)

(69)

(70)

(71)

(72)

Electromechanical relays, for a voltage not exceeding 24 V, other than automotive flashers, with contacts rated
at 10 A or more, measuring not over 80 mm in any dimension (described in statistical reporting number
8536.41.0050)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 14.4 cm by 11.6 cm by 6.4 cm (described in
statistical reporting number 8536.50.9035)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 14.6 cm by 8 cm by 14.1 cm (described in
statistical reporting number 8536.50.9035)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 19.1 cm by 8.3 cm by 14.1 cm (described in
statistical reporting number 8536.50.9035)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 19.7 cm by 11.8 cm by 8.3 cm (described in
statistical reporting number 8536.50.9035)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 19.7 cm by 9.8 cm by 16.5 cm (described in
statistical reporting number 8536.50.9035)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 21 cm by 13.3 cm by 9 cm (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.50.9035)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 23.5 cm by 8 cm by 13.1 cm (described in
statistical reporting number 8536.50.9035)

Push-button switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring no more than 6 cm by 14.1 cm by 11 cm (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.50.9035)

Push-pull switches, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, designed for use in motor vehicles (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.50.9065)

(73)

Bullet connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(74)

Butt connectors, other than closed end, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting
number 8536.90.4000)

(75) Closed-end butt connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number

8536.90.4000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 126
U.S. Notes (con.)

(76) Crimp connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(77)

Insulated tab electrical connectors and tab receptacle electrical connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V,
crimp-type, with either a tab measuring not over 6.4 mm in width or a receptacle for tabs measuring not over 6.4
mm in width (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(78)

Junction blocks, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(79)

Lug connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(80) Ring connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(81)

Spade connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(82)

Spring clip ("alligator clip") terminals, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number
8536.90.4000)

(83)

Terminal blocks, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(84) Wire tap connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(85) Magnesium anodes, each not exceeding 48 kg in weight (described in statistical reporting number 8543.30.9040)

(86) Disposable self-adhesive brain monitoring sensor patches for use with an oximeter, each incorporating a circuit

board, light-emitting diode (LED), photo diodes and memory device and a connector (described in statistical
reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(87) Disposable stainless steel subdermal needle electrodes with accompanying harness for use with electromyography

(EMG) equipment (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(88) Disposable surface electrodes for intra-operative neuromonitoring (“IONM”) systems, each composed of a surface
electrode pad, an insulated wire, and a standard DIN 42802 connector (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9560)

(89) Machines for testing the hardness of metals (described in statistical reporting number 9024.10.0000)

(n)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note:expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

Heat exchangers, the foregoing comprising parts of goods of heading 8402 and each fitted for heat recovery
steam generator (described in statistical reporting number 8402.90.0010)

Drums, exhaust stacks, and inlet duct panel assemblies of heat recovery steam generators (described in statistical
reporting number 8402.90.0090)

Water tanks for steam or other vapor generating boilers (described in statistical reporting number 8402.90.0090)

Compression-ignition engines with maximum power exceeding 50 kW but not exceeding 120 kW, each valued
over $6,000 but not over $9,500 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8408.90.9010)

Compression-ignition engines, exceeding 149.2 kW but not exceeding 373 kW and valued over $9,800 but not
over $12,000 (described in statistical reporting number 8408.90.9020)

Aircraft gas turbine compressor cases of steel and Inconel alloy, each valued over $3,000 but not over $4,000
(described in statistical reporting number 8411.99.9090)

Engine stationary seal air supports of Inconel alloy, each measuring over 35 cm but not over 35.5 cm in outer
diameter and over 3.5 cm but not over 4 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 8411.99.9090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 127

U.S. Notes (con.)

(8)

(9)

Direct acting and spring return pneumatic actuators, each rated at a maximum pressure of 10 bar and valued
over $68 but not over $72 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8412.39.0080)

Spring-operated motors, each valued over $3,000 but not over $3,600 (described in statistical reporting number
8412.80.1000)

(10) Gear-type hydraulic fluid power pumps, handheld, battery powered, the foregoing not over 5 cm in width and

valued not over $6 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8413.60.0030)

(11) Centrifugal water pumps incorporating thermal cut-offs, each with discharge outlet 5.08 cm or more in diameter,

valued over $66 but not over $96 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2015)

(12) Motor vehicle oil pump housings (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9010)

(13)

(14)

(15)

(16)

(17)

(18)

(19)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(23)

Impellers (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical
reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in statistical
reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Parts of oil and gas extraction beam pumps, other than hydraulic power pumps (described in statistical reporting
number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective
January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting numbers 8413.91.9065, 8413.91.9085
or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pedestals of pump assemblies (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump bases, of plastic, designed to protect the pump impellers from obstructions (described in statistical reporting
number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective
January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or
8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump casings and bodies (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump covers (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump expellers (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump grease cups and grease cup adapters (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to
January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through
December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January
1, 2020)

Pump liners (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical
reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in statistical
reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump manifolds (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump parts, of plastics, each valued not over $3 (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to
January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through
December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January
1, 2020)

(24)

Pump shaft castings, of steel (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

XXII
99 - III - 128
U.S. Notes (con.)

(25)

(26)

(27)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Pump throatbushes (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described
in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump volutes (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Structural pump bases, of stainless steel (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January
1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31,
2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

(28) Compressors, other than screw type, used in air conditioning equipment in motor vehicles, each valued over $88

but not over $92 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8030)

(29) Compressors, other than screw type, of a kind used in household refrigerators, air conditioners and heat pumps,

rated at more than 1/4 horsepower but not more than 1 horsepower, each valued not over $150 (described in
statistical reporting number 8414.30.8050)

(30)

Fork-lift trucks, propane gas powered, having a rated lift capacity over 9.5 metric tons but not exceeding 33 metric
tons (described in statistical reporting number 8427.20.8000 prior to July 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting
number 8427.20.8090 effective July 1, 2019)

(31) Motor grader weighing more than 14 metric tons but not over 21 metric tons (described in statistical reporting

number 8429.20.0000)

(32)

Self-propelled pneumatic compactors, each weighing over 14 metric tons but not over 28 metric tons (described
in statistical reporting number 8429.40.0040)

(33) New articulated shovel loaders, wheeled, each with 4-wheel drive, rear mounted engine and a bucket capacity

of under 1.5 m3, rated at not over 26 horsepower (described in statistical reporting number 8429.51.1015)

(34)

(35)

(36)

Integrated tractor shovel loaders, each with 4 wheel drive, a bucket capacity of at least 3.8 m3 but less than 5.2
m3 and an operating weight of 17.5 metric tons or more but not over 20 metric tons (described in statistical
reporting number 8429.51.1040)

Shovel loaders with an operating weight of from 30 metric tons to 36 metric tons (described in statistical reporting
number 8429.51.1045)

Shovel loaders with an operating weight of from 30 metric tons to 36 metric tons (described in statistical reporting
number 8429.51.1050)

(37) Rubber track shovel loaders having a lift capacity not over 375 kg (described in statistical reporting number

8429.51.5010)

(38) Grooved wire rope drum valued over $350 (described in statistical reporting number 8431.10.0010)

(39)

Escalator drive assemblies consisting of a motor, planetary gear and gearbox (described in statistical reporting
number 8431.31.0040)

(40)

Escalator steps (described in statistical reporting number 8431.31.0040)

(41)

Parts of passenger or freight elevators consisting of any of the following: elevator emergency brake and speed
governor apparatus, scissor lift assemblies, telescoping boom lift assemblies or articulating boom lift assemblies
(described in statistical reporting number 8431.31.0060)

(42) Counterweights for log handling equipment (described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0070)

(43)

Backhoe counterweights each weighing more than 400 kg but not more than 600 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 8431.49.9044)

(44)

Excavator crawler shoes (described in statistical reporting number 8431.49.9044)

(45)

Seeder or spreader baffle and baffle assemblies (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 129

U.S. Notes (con.)

(46)

Seeder or spreader frames (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

(47)

Seeder or spreader handles (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

(48)

Seeder or spreader hopper assemblies (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

(49)

Seeder or spreader hopper grates (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

(50)

Seeder or spreader impellers (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

(51) Chipper/shredder machines, electrically powered (described in statistical reporting number 8436.80.0090)

(52) Chipper/shredder machines, gasoline powered, valued less than $250 per unit (described in statistical reporting

number 8436.80.0090)

(53) Malt production equipment (described in statistical reporting number 8436.80.0090)

(54) Horizontal lathes, electrically powered not over 1.5 horsepower (described in statistical reporting number

8458.19.0020)

(55)

(56)

Feeder and vibratory flow equipment and parts thereof designed for use in screening or sorting machines; housings
and noise reduction enclosures; the foregoing described in statistical reporting number 8474.90.0010)

Press machines for bamboo or other materials of a woody nature (described in statistical reporting number
8479.30.0000)

(57)

Electric wire coil-winder machines (described in statistical reporting number 8479.81.0000)

(58)

Insulated mixing chambers of stainless steel, each having a capacity of 5 m3 to 25 cubic meters (described in
statistical reporting number 8479.82.0040)

(59) Check valves of steel having an internal diameter not less than 4.8 cm or exceeding 62.5 cm (described in statistical

reporting number 8481.30.2090)

(60)

(61)

Bodies of pressure-reducing valves other than hand-operated or check valves and valves classified in 8481.20,
such bodies of brass (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9060)

Bodies of valves other than hand-operated or check valves and valves classified in 8481.20, such bodies measuring
over 18 cm but not exceeding 19 cm in length, valued over $55 but not over $65 per unit (described in statistical
reporting number 8481.90.9060)

(62)

Flanged wheel hub bearing units with ball bearings, each having an inner diameter exceeding 2.2 cm but not
exceeding 2.8 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5016)

(63) Wheel hub angular contact bearing units, not flanged, valued over $2 but not over $10 per unit (described in

statistical reporting number 8482.10.5024)

(64)

Inner bearing rings (described in statistical reporting number 8482.99.0500)

(65) Non-toothed gears for office printers, each valued not over $7 (described in statistical reporting number

8483.40.9000)

(66) Non-grooved pulleys, each incorporating a deep groove roller bearing (described in statistical reporting number

8483.50.9080)

(67) Non-grooved pulleys, zinc plated, each valued not over $3 (described in statistical reporting number 8483.50.9080)

(68) Hubs for conveyor pulleys with an outside diameter of more than 5 cm but not more than 56 cm (described in

statistical reporting number 8483.90.8080)

(69) Handles for machinery (described in statistical reporting number 8487.90.0080)

(70)

Electric motors of a width exceeding 7.5 cm but not exceeding 7.8 cm (described in statistical reporting number
8501.10.4060)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 130
U.S. Notes (con.)

(71) DC motors, each valued over $125, with attached stranded copper cord (described in statistical reporting number

8501.31.2000)

(72)

(73)

(74)

AC motors, multi-phase, each of an output exceeding 75 kW but less than 149.2 kW (described in statistical
reporting number 8501.53.4080)

AC generators, each weighing over 250 kg but not more than 1 metric ton and valued not over $2,400 (described
in statistical reporting number 8501.62.0000)

Transformers designed to control horizontal motion of electron beams in cathode-ray tubes (described in statistical
reporting number 8504.33.0020)

(75)

Static converter covers, bases and housings (described in statistical reporting number 8504.90.9650)

(76)

Furnace casings (described in statistical reporting number 8514.90.8000)

(77)

Structural components for industrial furnaces (described in statistical reporting number 8514.90.8000)

(78) Manually operated rework stations, including soldering/desoldering stations (described in statistical reporting

number 8515.19.0000)

(79) Machines and apparatus for arc (including plasma arc) welding, each valued not over $500 (described in statistical

reporting number 8515.39.0020)

(80) Hand-held transceivers (except Citizen's Band and except low-power radiotelephonic operating on frequencies

from 49.82 MHz to 49.90 MHz), valued not over $70 each (described in statistical reporting number 8525.60.1030)

(81)

Fixed capacitors valued not over $4 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8532.10.0000)

(82)

Fixed oil-filled capacitors rated at 1 kV to 25 kV (described in statistical reporting number 8532.10.0000)

(83)

(84)

(85)

Tantalum capacitors having a conductive polymer cathode, valued not over $4 per unit (described in statistical
reporting number 8532.21.0050)

Tantalum capacitors, each measuring 7.3 mm by 4.3 mm by 1.9 mm and valued not over $4 (described in statistical
reporting number 8532.21.0050)

Aluminum electrolytic capacitors, each valued not over $3.20 (described in statistical reporting number
8532.22.0085)

(86) Contactors, for a voltage not exceeding 60 V and with contacts rated at or more than 10 A, each valued not over

$39 (described in statistical reporting number 8536.41.0045)

(87) Rotary switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring not more than 5.5 cm by 5.0 cm by 3.4 cm, each with 2 to 8 spade
terminals and an actuator shaft with D-shaped cross section (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9025)

(88) Rotary switches, single pole, single throw (SPST), rated at over 5 A, each measuring not more than 14.6 cm by

8.9 cm by 14.1 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9025)

(89) Momentary contact switches rated at or under 5 A, each designed for use as a motor vehicle overdrive switch

(described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9031)

(90) Momentary contact switches rated at or under 5 A, valued not over $4 per unit (described in statistical reporting

number 8536.50.9031)

(91) Rocker switches, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, designed for use in motor vehicles (described in statistical

reporting number 8536.50.9065)

(92) Molded buttons (described in statistical reporting number 8538.90.6000)

(93) Molded housings and covers (described in statistical reporting number 8538.90.6000)

(94)

Tanks for dead tank circuit breakers, of aluminum (described in statistical reporting number 8538.90.8120)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 131

U.S. Notes (con.)

(95)

Aluminum anodes for use with machines and apparatus for electroplating, electrolysis or electrophoresis (described
in statistical reporting number 8543.30.9080)

(96) Chlorine generator chambers containing titanium plates for use with machines and apparatus for electroplating,

electrolysis or electrophoresis (described in statistical reporting number 8543.30.9080)

(97)

Zinc anodes for use with machines and apparatus for electroplating, electrolysis or electrophoresis (described in
statistical reporting number 8543.30.9080)

(98) Weather station sets, each consisting of a monitoring display and outdoor weather sensors, having a transmission
range of not over 140 m and valued not over $50 per set (described in statistical reporting number 9015.80.8080)

(99)

Veterinary ultrasound device with black-and-white image quality used as a medical diagnostic tool (described in
statistical reporting number 9018.12.0000)

(100) Microwave ablation antennas, whether or not with attached controls, as parts of ablation systems used to ablate

live tumors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(101) Parts and accessories of electro-surgical instruments and appliances, other than extracorporeal shock wave

lithotripters (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(102) Smoke evacuation pencils with accompanying tubing and hoses designed to integrate smoke evacuation into

electrosurgery by combining both features into a single handpiece, which is designed to apply mono-polar
electrosurgical energy to target tissue in a surgical setting while simultaneously evacuating smoke from the surgical
site (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(103) Suction coagulators, consisting of a hand-piece with mechanical and/or electrical controls and a disposable shaft,

used for the coagulation of tissue and aspiration of fluids during surgical procedures (described in statistical
reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(104) Vessel sealing and dividing devices that use electrical energy to separate and seal tissue during open or

laparoscopic surgical procedures, consisting of a handpiece with mechanical and/or electrical controls, and a
bipolar electrode intended to deliver electrosurgical current from a system generator directly to tissues for
cutting/coagulation/ablation (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(105) Dental X-ray alignment and positioning apparatus, each valued not over $5 (described in statistical reporting

number 9022.90.6000)

(106) Multi-leaf collimators of radiotherapy systems based on the use of X-ray (described in statistical reporting number

9022.90.6000)

(107) Overhead tube suspension used to hold and position X-ray generating equipment (described in statistical reporting

number 9022.90.6000)

(108)

Instruments and apparatus that chemically analyze food to detect the presence of gluten or peanuts, valued at
less than $55 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 9027.80.4530)

(109) Picoammeters with recording devices (described in statistical reporting number 9030.39.0100)

(110)

(Humidistats, each with outdoor sensor, such humidistats valued not over $40 each (described in statistical
reporting number 9032.89.6070)”

(o)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and (d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47236 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note:expired.]

(1)

(2)

Chlorinated polyethylene elastomer[s], in white or pale yellow powder form, containing 28 to 44 percent by weight
of chlorine (described in statistical reporting number 3901.90.1000)

Polytetrafluoroethylene ((C2F4)n), having a particle size of 5 to 500 microns and a melting point of 315 to 329
degrees Celsius (described in statistical reporting number 3904.61.0090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 132
U.S. Notes (con.)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

Expandable plastics beads, 0.30 to 0.50 mm in diameter, consisting of copolymers of methylmethacrylate (62 to
64 percent by weight) and styrene (26 to 28 percent by weight) (described in statistical reporting number
3906.90.2000)

Polyol blends containing 92 percent or more by weight of polyether polyol (CAS number 9049-71-2) and 2.5
[percent] or more by weight of N,N-dimethylcyclohexamine (described in statistical reporting number 3907.20.0000)

Hot melt flat shapes of biaxially oriented polypropylene (BOPP) film with an acrylic emulsion (described in statistical
reporting number 3919.90.5060)

Polyethylene film, 20.32 to 198.12 cm in width, and 30.5 to 2000.5 m in length, coated on one side with solvent
acrylic adhesive, clear or in transparent colors, whether or not printed, in rolls (described in statistical reporting
number 3919.90.5060)

Polyvinyl chloride film, coated on one side with pressure sensitive solvent-acrylic adhesive that allows for easy
removal from a flat glass or flat, rigid, clear plastics surface, 106.7 cm, 137.2 cm or 152.4 cm in width, and 30.38
m or 49.99 m in length, with regular perforations measuring 1.5 to 1.6 mm in diameter, where the perforations
cover 30, 40 or 50 percent of the surface area (described in statistical reporting number 3919.90.5060)

Printed rectangular polyethylene sheets depicting images on one side, with self-adhesive edges protected with
peel-off liners on the other side, measuring 30.5 cm by 45.7 cm or 30.5 cm by 25.4 cm (described in statistical
reporting number 3919.90.5060)

Self-adhesive colored or printed polyvinyl chloride film with a peelable liner, in rolls, measuring 30.5 cm or 50.8
cm in width and 3.05 m to 6.10 m in length, of a kind used for lining shelves or drawers (described in statistical
reporting number 3919.90.5060)

Printed, nonpermeable plastic film of ethylene designed for use in packaging personal care products such as
baby wipes, adult wipes and similar wet stack products (provided for in statistical reporting number 3920.10.0000)

Polyethylene film of a kind used for wrapping perishable foods, in rolls measuring 30.5 cm in width and up to 76.2
m in length, with a starter edge tab, put up in retail packages incorporating a built-in slide cutter and grip strip for
holding the film in place until subsequent use (described in statistical reporting number 3920.10.0000)

(12) Rectangular sheets of high-density or low-density polyethylene, 111.75 cm to 215.9 cm in width, and 152.4 cm

to 304.8 cm in length, with a sticker attached to mark the center of each sheet, of a kind used in hospital or surgery
center operating rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3920.10.0000)

(13)

Spark-ignition rotary or reciprocating internal combustion piston engines to be installed in agricultural or horticultural
machinery or equipment, 4,476 W or more but not more than 37.6 kW, each valued not over $180 (described in
statistical reporting number 8407.90.1020)

(14) Gas (natural or liquid propane (LP)) engines each having a displacement of more than 2 liters but not more than

2.5 liters (described in statistical reporting number 8407.90.9010)

(15)

Spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines, not elsewhere specified or included, 746 W or greater but not
exceeding 4,476 W, with an engine displacement of not more than 430 cc (described in statistical reporting number
8407.90.9040)

(16) Heat guns (described in statistical reporting number 8419.89.9585)

(17) Heated tissue preparation microscope slide flattening tables (described in statistical reporting number 8419.89.9585)

(18)

Tissue sample paraffin floatation baths (described in statistical reporting number 8419.89.9585)

(19)

(20)

Air amplifiers powered solely by an external source of compressed air, which is routed through the apparatus in
such a manner as to draw in ambient air, increase its speed and direct the air through an output port, each such
apparatus not exceeding 1 kg in weight (described in statistical reporting number 8424.89.9000)

Apparatus capable of generating and projecting liquid particles of a size that simulates haze, fog or snow (depending
on the composition of the liquid or powdered source), whether or not incorporating laser or other lighting apparatus
(described in statistical reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(21)

Apparatus capable of mechanically generating and projecting bubbles from a liquid source, each apparatus
weighing more than 2.5 kg but not more than 6.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8424.89.9000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 133

U.S. Notes (con.)

(22)

Aroma-spraying sets, each of which includes a battery-powered aerosol apparatus and a glass bottle containing
not more than 25 ml of essential oil solution, each set weighing not more than 300 g (described in statistical
reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(23) Collars of a size suitable for dogs or cats, fitted with a means to provide a stimulus to the animal, by means of a
sprayer, whether or not combined with a static electric discharge device or sound emitter; and such collars capable
of being controlled by an external transmission device, whether or not the controller is presented with the collar
as a set (described in statistical reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(24) Dispensers of hand-cleaning or hand-sanitizing solutions, whether employing a manual pump or a

proximity-detecting battery-operated pump, each article weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(25) Oral irrigators (dental water-jet machines) (described in statistical reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(26)

Parts washers, each consisting of a steel basin having a capacity no greater than 100 liters, steel drain plug,
support legs and a shelf, a recirculating centrifugal pump assembly, a power cord incorporating an electrical fusible
link, a gooseneck spigot assembly, with a steel lid held by a “piano-type” hinge and by a lid support bracket
incorporating a mechanical fusible link (described in statistical reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(27) Rotary surface washers, consisting of a tube, at one end of which is a fitting suitable for connection to an external

power washer and a handle for controlling the position of the apparatus, and at the other end of which is an
assembly of one or more rotating brushes that receive the output of the external power washer (described in
statistical reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(28) Wet- and dry-diffusion apparatus fitted for incorporation into scent-releasing machines (described in statistical

reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(29) Walk behind rotary tillers, electric powered, individually weighing less than 14 kg (described in statistical reporting

number 8432.29.0060)

(30)

Fertilizer distributors with a capacity not exceeding 40 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8432.42.0000)

(31)

Benchtop drill presses, each with a power rating of less than 750 watts and valued under $1,000 each (described
in statistical reporting number 8465.95.0055)

(32)

Bearing housings each valued over $2,000 (described in statistical reporting number 8483.30.8020)

(33)

AC motors, of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, each with attached actuators, crankshafts or gears
(described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6020)

(34) C-frame 2-pole AC electric motors, of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, each valued not over $4

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6020)

(35)

(36)

(37)

Electric motors, of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, each valued over $28 but not over $35 (described
in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6080)

Amorphous silicon solar chargers with a power output of 100 W or less (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.8010)

Electric motors, each with an output rating not exceeding 800 W (described in statistical reporting number
8501.52.4000)

(38)

Armature shafts for electric motors of heading 8501 (described in statistical reporting number 8503.00.9520)

(39) Windshield wiper motor covers and shafts (described in statistical reporting number 8503.00.9520)

(40)

Leakage current detection and interruption (LCDI) cords (described in statistical reporting number 8536.30.8000)

(41) Control boards for stoves, ranges and ovens of heading 8516 (described in statistical reporting number

8537.10.3000)

(42)

Zener diodes, each valued not over $0.25 (described in statistical reporting number 8541.10.0050)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 134
U.S. Notes (con.)

(43)

Position or speed sensors for motor vehicle transmission systems, each valued not over $12 (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.4500)

(44) Wheel speed sensors for anti-lock motor vehicle braking systems, each valued not over $12 (described in statistical

reporting number 8543.70.4500)

(45)

Antenna amplifiers, each valued not over $15 (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(46)

Antenna noise suppressors, each valued not over $5 (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(47)

Apparatus using passive infrared detection sensors designed for turning lights on and off (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(48)

Audio controllers, each valued not over $100 (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(49)

Audio mixers, each valued not over $75 (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(50) Devices incorporating sensors and monitors for identifying encoded television and radio signal information of

survey participants (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(51)

Electrically powered cat noise control devices (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(52)

Electrically powered combs of a kind used on pets (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(53)

Electrically powered dog training, controlling, repelling or locating apparatus whether or not put up in kits, including
dog collars fitted with GPS or other transmitting or receiving devices and electrical barrier transmitter devices
(described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(54)

Electrically powered insect control apparatus (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(55)

Electrically powered static-emitting plastic strips designed for use in training or controlling pets (described in
statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(56)

LED lamps for flash curing nail polish (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(57)

Liquid leak detectors (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(58) Multiple device remote controls, other than radio remote control, each valued not over $2 (described in statistical

reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(59) Robots, programmable, measuring not more than 40 cm high by 22 cm wide by 27 cm deep, incorporating an

LCD display, camera and microphone but without "hands" (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(60) Couplers, knuckles and yokes and parts thereof for vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606 (described in statistical

reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(61) Motorcycles (including mopeds), with reciprocating internal combustion piston engine of a cylinder capacity not

exceeding 50 cc, valued not over $500 each (described in statistical reporting number 8711.10.0000)

(62)

Polarizing film, of triacetate, with a pressure sensitive adhesive backing (described in statistical reporting number
9001.20.0000)

(63) Digital clinical thermometers (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8040 prior to July 1, 2020; described

in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8010 or 9025.19.8020 effective July 1, 2020)

(64) Cooking thermometers, including candy and deep-fry thermometers (described in statistical reporting number

9025.19.8080 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8060 or 9025.19.8085
effective July 1, 2020)

(65)

Infrared thermometers (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8080 prior to July 1, 2020; described in
statistical reporting number 9025.19.8060 or 9025.19.8085 effective July 1, 2020)

(66) Combined thermometer and hygrometer devices (described in statistical reporting number 9025.80.1000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 135

U.S. Notes (con.)

(67)

Pulse output gas meters of a kind that can be read remotely (described in statistical reporting number 9028.10.0000)

(68)

Pulse output water meters, of cast stainless steel (described in statistical reporting number 9028.20.0000)

(69)

Fingertip pulse oximeters (described in statistical reporting number 9029.20.4080)

(p)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03. See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24,
2019). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.03 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Container units of plastics, each comprising a tub and lid therefore, configured or fitted for the conveyance, packing,
or dispensing of wet wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.10.9000)

Injection molded polypropylene plastic caps or lids each weighing not over 24 grams designed for dispensing wet
wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

Kayak paddles, double ended, with shafts of aluminum and blades of fiberglass reinforced nylon (described in
statistical reporting number 3926.90.3000)

High tenacity polyester yarn not over 600 decitex (described in statistical reporting number 5402.20.3010)

Nonwovens weighing more than 25 g/m2 but not more than 70 g/m2 in rolls, not impregnated coated or covered
(described in statistical reporting number 5603.92.0090)

Pet cages of steel (described in statistical reporting number 7323.99.9080)

Carts, not mechanically propelled, each with three or four wheels, of the kind used for household shopping
(described in statistical reporting number 8716.80.5090)

Truck trailer skirt brackets, other than parts of general use of Section XV (described in statistical reporting number
8716.90.5060)

Inflatable boats, other than kayaks and canoes, with over 20 gauge polyvinyl chloride (PVC), each valued at $500
or less and weighing not over 52 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8903.10.0060)

(10)

Inflatable kayaks and canoes, with over 20 gauge polyvinyl chloride (PVC), each valued at $500 or less and
weighing not over 22 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8903.10.0060)

(q)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

Heat exchangers, the foregoing comprising parts of goods of heading 8402 and each fitted for heat recovery
generator (described in statistical reporting number 8402.90.0010)

Hydraulic powered swing, winch and travel drives, axial piston type, with attached gearboxes, each valued over
$2,000 but not over $7,000 (described in statistical reporting number 8412.29.8045)

Lubricating oil transfer pumps, fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device, each with a 1.5 kW motor
(described in statistical reporting number 8413.19.0000)

Oil well and oil field reciprocating positive displacement plunger pumps (described in statistical reporting number
8413.50.0010)

Positive displacement piston liquid pumps designed for use with gas or electric powered pressure washers, rated
for an output of 7 liters or more but not exceeding 16 liters per minute at a pressure of 17 MPa or more but not
exceeding 28 MPa (described in statistical reporting number 8413.50.0090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 136
U.S. Notes (con.)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Non-hydraulic rotary positive displacement pumps, not configured as roller pumps, each weighing less than 5.5
kg and valued not over $25 (described in statistical reporting number 8413.60.0090)

Submersible centrifugal pumps (other than fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal combustion
piston engines other than stock pumps imported for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or
paperboard), not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device; each of the foregoing incorporating a
magnetic drive motor (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

Submersible centrifugal pumps (other than fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal combustion
piston engines), not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device, the foregoing for table-top decorative
use incorporating a cascading water feature (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

Submersible centrifugal pumps (other than fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal combustion
piston engines; other than stock pumps imported for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or
paperboard), not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device, the foregoing capable of operating at
3,700 liters or more but not exceeding 41,000 liters per hour (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

(10)

Submersible centrifugal pumps, not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device; other than fuel,
lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal combustion piston engines; other than stock pumps imported
for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard; the foregoing rated not over 1.5 kW
(described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

(11)

Tabletop water fountains designed for indoor use, the essential character of which is imparted by submersible
centrifugal pumps (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

(12) Non-submersible centrifugal pumps for liquids (other than fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal
combustion piston engines), not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device, the foregoing comprising
single-stage, single-suction, close-coupled, with a discharge outlet under 5.08 cm in diameter, valued over $4 but
not over $6.50 each (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2005)

(13) Non-submersible centrifugal pumps for liquids (other than fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal
combustion piston engines), not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device, the foregoing comprising
single-stage, single-suction, close-coupled centrifugal motor pumps with a discharge outlet 5.08 cm or over in
diameter, rated at 37 W or more but not exceeding 80 W and with a flow rate of 17 liters per minute or more
(described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2015)

(14) Non-submersible centrifugal pumps for liquids (other than fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal
combustion piston engines), not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device, the foregoing operating
at a voltage of 120 V and a frequency of 60 Hz, valued over $4 but not over $9 each (described in statistical
reporting number 8413.70.2022)

(15) Non-submersible centrifugal pumps for liquids (other than fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal
combustion piston engines), not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device, the foregoing comprising
single-stage, single-suction, close-coupled, with discharge outlet under 5.08 cm in diameter each valued over
$150,000 (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2025)

(16)

(17)

(18)

(19)

Pet water drinking fountains, not incorporating centrifugal pumps (described in statistical reporting number
8413.81.0040)

Pumps (other than fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal combustion piston engines, other than
centrifugal pumps), not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device, the foregoing rated at 37 W or
more but not exceeding 80 W, with a flow rate of 17 liters or more per minute (described in statistical reporting
number 8413.81.0040)

Tubes of copper alloy for use in solenoid fuel pumps, each valued not over $1 (described in statistical reporting
number 8413.91.9010)

Parts of pumps, other than fuel-injection pumps for compression-ignition engines or stock pumps imported for
use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard, the foregoing of plastics (described in statistical
reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095
effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or
8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 137

U.S. Notes (con.)

(20) Rods and couplings designed for use with oil and gas field pumps, the foregoing of American Petroleum Institute

grade (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical
reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in statistical
reporting numbers 8413.91.9065, 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

(21)

Volutes of a kind designed for use with centrifugal sump pumps (described in statistical reporting number
8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January
1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9096 effective January 1,
2020)

(22)

Air conditioner compressors of a kind used in motor vehicles (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.4000)

(23) Compressors designed for use in household refrigerators, not exceeding 187 W (1/4 horsepower), each valued

not over $30 (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.4000)

(24)

Single phase, rotating piston type rotary compressors with split capacitor motors and refrigerant pumps, valued
not over $70 (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.4000)

(25) Rotary compressors, each exceeding 746 W but not exceeding 2,238 W, with a cooling capacity ranging from 2.3

kW to 5.5 kW (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8060)

(26) Rotary compressors, each exceeding 746 W but not exceeding 2,238 W, with a cooling capacity of 750 W or more

but not exceeding 1.4 kW (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8060)

(27)

(28)

Scroll compressors, each exceeding 2,238 W (3 horsepower) but not exceeding 7,460 W (10 horsepower), valued
over $200 but not over $1500 each (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8070)

Scroll-type compressors, each exceeding 7,460 W (10 horsepower), valued over $200 but not over $1500
(described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8080)

(29) Compressor housings designed for turbochargers (described in statistical reporting number 8414.90.4165)

(30) Mineral slab production equipment including exhaust gas treatment apparatus therefor (described in statistical

reporting number 8417.80.0000)

(31)

Twin reactor pyrolysis waste processing equipment consisting of two twin primary and one secondary processing
units (described in statistical reporting number 8417.80.0000)

(32)

Parts of dry hearth melting furnaces (described in statistical reporting number 8417.90.0000)

(33)

Portable domestic ice cube makers of stainless steel, valued not over $70 each (described in statistical reporting
number 8418.69.0110)

(34)

Absorption liquid chilling units valued over $130,000 each (described in statistical reporting number 8418.69.0160)

(35) Chest-type coolers, compression type, with an interior volume exceeding 440 liters but not exceeding 600 liters

(described in statistical reporting number 8418.69.0180)

(36) Upright freezers, compression type, with an interior volume exceeding 1,300 liters but not exceeding 2,100 liters

(described in statistical reporting number 8418.69.0180)

(37)

Brazed aluminum plate-fin heat exchangers, each valued not over $250 (described in statistical reporting number
8419.50.1000)

(38) Heat exchanger units, designed for use as part of a heat exchange system weighing more than 27 metric tons

but not more than 32 metric tons and incorporating shell-and-tube type heat exchangers (described in statistical
reporting number 8419.50.5000)

(39) Heat exchanger units, designed for use as part of a heat exchange system weighing more than 40 but not more

than 44 metric tons and designed to incorporate an ethylene dichloride vent eductor liquid cooler (described in
statistical reporting number 8419.50.5000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 138
U.S. Notes (con.)

(40) Heat exchanger units, designed for use as part of a heat exchange system weighing more than 63.5 metric tons
and not designed to operate with chilled MCB Coolers using propylene refrigerant (described in statistical reporting
number 8419.50.5000)

(41) Heat exchanger units, designed for use individually or as part of a system weighing more than 63.5 metric tons
and not designed to operate with chilled MCB coolers using propylene refrigerant (described in statistical reporting
number 8419.50.5000)

(42) Heat exchangers, each valued not over $17,000 (described in statistical reporting number 8419.50.5000)

(43)

Industrial tubular heat exchange units (described in statistical reporting number 8419.50.5000)

(44) Heat exchanger plates, cores, finned tubes, cones, shells, bonnets, flanges and baffles (described in statistical

reporting number 8419.90.3000)

(45) Calendering machines other than for metals or glass, such machines each weighing more than 12,000 kg (described

in statistical reporting number 8420.10.9040)

(46)

Thermal roll laminators, each valued not over $450 (described in statistical reporting number 8420.10.9040)

(47) Cutting pads, platforms, base plates, pads, shims, trays, which function as guides for hand-operated table-top

calendering machines of a width not exceeding 51 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8420.99.9000)

(48) Glass water filtration pitchers and filters (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(49) Household alkaline water ionizer and filtration apparatus (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(50) Household water filter cartridges (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(51)

Ionization filters valued over $35 but not over $45 each (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(52) Water filters for pet water fountains (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(53)

(54)

Accumulators for heat pumps and air conditioners, valued over $8 but not over $12 each (described in statistical
reporting number 8421.29.0065)

Basket, Y-type or duplex strainers, each having a threaded or flanged-style end (described in statistical reporting
number 8421.29.0065)

(55) Cage-type cartridges, designed to remove water directly from fuel tanks, valued not over $2 each (described in

statistical reporting number 8421.29.0065)

(56)

Filtering or purifying machinery valued over $2,500,000 (described in statistical reporting number 8421.29.0065)

(57) Hydraulic fluid filters, rated at less than 100 kPa, measuring no more than 10 cm in diameter and 12 cm in length,

each valued not more than $2 (described in statistical reporting number 8421.29.0065)

(58)

Filtration or purifying machinery for liquid chemical polymers, of steel housing, with sintered metal cylindrical filters
(described in statistical reporting number 8421.29.0065)

(59) Receiver-driers for air conditioning units used in commercial vehicles (described in statistical reporting number

8421.29.0065)

(60)

Stainless steel mesh filters with plastic cores, of a kind used for preventing clogs in paint sprayers, each valued
not over $1.50 (described in statistical reporting number 8421.29.0065)

(61) Disposable plastic filters of a kind suitable for filtering and dehumidifying a patient's breath in a medical device

such as a gas analyzer (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8090)

(62)

Fiberglass-reinforced polyethylene pressure vessels (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040)

(63)

Parts of filters, each valued not over $8 (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040)

(64)

Parts of swimming pool vacuum cleaners (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 139

U.S. Notes (con.)

(65)

Self-cleaning filters, of stainless steel, of a kind suitable for use in filtering municipal, agricultural or industrial water
supplies, valued over $700 but not over $800 each (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040)

(66)

Swimming pool filter cartridges (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040)

(67)

Paint sprayer filters of paper, with steel mesh casings and plastic end caps, valued not over $1 each (described
in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0080)

(68)

Parts of vortex gas separators (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0080)

(69)

(70)

(71)

(72)

Vacuum sealing machines, each valued over $30 but not over $40 (described in statistical reporting number
8422.30.9191)

3-member slides with ball bearings, of stainless steel, for use in household dishwashers (described in statistical
reporting number 8422.90.0640)

Stamped outer door panels of stainless steel for household dishwashing machines (described in statistical reporting
number 8422.90.0640)

Electronic scales for continuous weighing of quartz, powder and resin on conveyors, capable of measuring 2 kg
or more but not exceeding100 kg of materials per minute (described in statistical reporting number 8423.20.1000)

(73) Winches, each having a steel frame with a ratchet and pawl mechanism, operated manually (described in statistical

reporting number 8425.39.0100)

(74)

(75)

Electric operator-riding pallet trucks, each with a load capacity not exceeding 3,700 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 8427.10.8010, prior to July 1, 2019 or described in 8427.10.8030, post July 1, 2019)

Electric operator-riding reach-type fork-lift trucks, each with a load capacity exceeding 1,300 kg but not exceeding
2,100 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8427.10.8010, prior to July 1, 2019 or described in statistical
reporting number 8427.10.8030, post July 1, 2019)

(76) Rider-type, counterbalanced fork-lift trucks, each powered by an internal combustion engine, with pneumatic tires,
having a load capacity of 900 kg or more but not exceeding 18,000 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8427.20.4000)

(77) Rider-type, counterbalanced fork-lift trucks, each powered by an internal combustion engine, with solid tires,

having a load capacity of 1,300 kg or more but not exceeding 3,000 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8427.20.4000)

(78)

Baggage carriers, of polyethylene, suitable for use solely or principally with conveyers of subheading 8428.39
(described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(79) Continuous action elevators and conveyors of the kind designed for use in airports for handling baggage (described

in statistical reporting number 8428.39.0000)

(80) Roller conveyors with pallet rotators or pallet corner rotators (described in statistical reporting number 8428.39.0000)

(81) Rotary positioning machines for use with machine tools (described in statistical reporting number 8428.90.0290)

(82)

Shovel loaders, each with a bucket capacity of 11.4 m3 to 12 m3, and an operating weight of 30,000 kg or more
but not exceeding 36,000 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8429.51.1055)

(83) Winch handles (described in statistical reporting number 8431.10.0090)

(84)

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with self-propelled works trucks powered by an electric motor and fitted
with lifting or handling equipment of subheading 8427.10 (described in statistical reporting number 8431.20.0000)

(85) Drive frames weighing over 3.6 metric tons and parts thereof (described in statistical reporting number

8431.39.0010)

(86) Grappler attachments, other than buckets, each valued over $250 but not over $350 (described in statistical

reporting number 8431.41.0040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 140
U.S. Notes (con.)

(87) Grappler buckets, each valued over $800 but not over $900 (described in statistical reporting number 8431.41.0040)

(88)

Bridge plug assemblies for oil and gas boring or sinking machinery, other than for offshore oil and natural gas
drilling and production platforms (described in statistical reporting number 8431.43.8060)

(89) Metal frames or assemblies of a kind suitable for use as attachments to agricultural tractors (described in statistical

reporting number 8431.49.9020)

(90) Counterweight castings of iron or steel designed for use on excavators and wheel loaders (described in statistical

reporting number 8431.49.9095)

(91) Counterweight castings of iron or steel, designed for use on skid loaders (described in statistical reporting number

8431.20.0000)

(92) Dredge cutter teeth, comprising parts suitable for use solely or principally with the machinery of heading 8429 or

8430 (described in statistical reporting number 8431.49.9095)

(93)

Parts of harrows or cultivators incorporating bearings (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0050)

(94) Ductile iron casting, weighing more than 0.75 kg but not more than 18.25 kg, with a maximum dimension exceeding

190 mm but not exceeding 695 mm (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

(95)

Electrically powered granulator machine (described in statistical reporting number 8436.10.0000)

(96)

Animal feeding machinery (described in statistical reporting number 8436.80.0090)

(97)

Parts of animal feeding machinery (described in statistical reporting number 8436.99.0090)

(98) Machines, of a kind used to produce cylindrical paper drinking straws (described in statistical reporting number

8441.40.0000)

(99)

Ink cartridges, each weighing more than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8443.99.2010 )

(100) Paper handling assemblies as described in additional U.S. note 2(g) to chapter 84 (described in statistical reporting

number 8443.99.2050)

(101) Printer maintenance kits consisting of two or more replacement parts for printer units of subheading 8443.32.10
specified in additional U.S. note 2 to chapter 84 (described in statistical reporting number 8443.99.2050)

(102) Die casting machines with casting volume not to exceed 5,278 cm3, die height of not less than 360 mm but not
more than 1,000 mm, and die locking force of not less than 6,600 kN but not more than 8,400 kN (described in
statistical reporting number 8454.30.0010)

(103) Cylindrical side guides, the foregoing comprising parts of metal-rolling mills (described in statistical reporting

number 8455.90.8000)

(104) Horizontal lathes for removing metal, electrically powered, not numerically controlled, each with mill head attachment

mounted above the lathe headstock (described in statistical reporting number 8458.19.0020)

(105) Way-type unit head machine tools, each valued over $1,800 but not over $2,200 (described in statistical reporting

number 8459.10.0000)

(106) New numerically-controlled milling machines capable of end beveling pipe of an outside diameter of 60 cm or

more but not exceeding 305 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8459.61.0080)

(107) Benchtop milling machines, not numerically controlled, valued over $400 but not over $700 each (described in

statistical reporting number 8459.69.0020)

(108) Press brakes, not numerically controlled, having a drive capacity rating of 3kW (described in statistical reporting

number 8462.29.0030)

(109) New hydraulic shearing machines, not numerically controlled, with a power of 7.5 kW, valued at $3,025 or more

each (described in statistical reporting number 8462.39.0050)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 141

U.S. Notes (con.)

(110) Hydraulic presses, not numerically controlled, each valued over $85,000 but not over $110,000 (described in

statistical reporting number 8462.91.8090)

(111) Machines for end-forming metal pipes, such pipes ranging in outside diameter from 60 cm or more but not exceeding

305 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8462.91.8090)

(112) Woodworking routers, each with a 1,306 W (1-3/4 horsepower) motor and valued not over $60 (described in

statistical reporting number 8465.92.0051)

(113) Woodworking lathes, each with a motor of 224 watts (0.3 horsepower) or more but not exceeding 896 W (1.2

horsepower), the foregoing which operate at speeds of 600 to 3,500 rpm, valued not over $130 each (described
in statistical reporting number 8465.99.0220)

(114) Tool holders of a kind used to hold various types of metal working tools for use on milling machine spindles

(described in statistical reporting number 8466.10.0175)

(115)

[Deleted.]

(116) Work stands designed for use with miter saws, whether or not wheeled (described in statistical reporting number

8466.92.5010)

(117) Rotary grinders for working in the hand, suitable for metal working, each valued under $10 (described in statistical

reporting number 8467.11.1040)

(118) Rotary sanders for working in the hand, suitable for metal working, each valued under $20 (described in statistical

reporting number 8467.11.1040)

(119) Pneumatic rotary cutters, suitable for metal working, each with a maximum blade diameter of 11 cm and a maximum

speed of 20,000 rpm, valued under $10 each (described in statistical reporting number 8467.11.1080)

(120) External optical disk drive storage units enclosed in cases, each valued under $60 (described in statistical reporting

number 8471.70.9000)

(121) Parts of automatic teller machines (described in statistical reporting number 8473.40.8600)

(122) Stationary sand screening equipment having more than 90 but less than 182 metric ton per hour capacity (described

in statistical reporting number 8474.10.0090)

(123) Portable concrete or mortar mixers, electrically powered, with a capacity not exceeding 0.15 m3 [cubic meter]

(described in statistical reporting number 8474.31.0000)

(124) Mineral pressing machine[s] equipped with vibration motors (described in statistical reporting number 8474.80.0015)

(125) Electrically powered cutting machines for working supple plastics, valued not over $300 per unit (described in

statistical reporting number 8477.80.0000)

(126)

Injection mold inserts (described in statistical reporting number 8477.90.8501)

(127) Mold base parts, each with a length of more than 19 cm but not more than 91 cm, a width of more than 3 cm but

not more than 61 cm and a thickness of more than 2 cm but not more than 16 cm; the foregoing preconfigured
with standard mill features such as drilled holes, slots and bushings to accommodate the various pins and tube
dowels necessary for the functioning of the plastic injection mold (described in statistical reporting number
8477.90.8501)

(128) Sidewall plates, top bead rings, bottom bead rings and upper bag clamp rings, of steel, all the foregoing being

parts of tire molds (described in statistical reporting number 8477.90.8540)

(129) Machines of a kind suitable for mixing granules of rock or similar hard materials with plastic resin to form a

homogenous mixture (described in statistical reporting number 8479.82.0040)

(130) Modularized plants for the manufacture of lithium hydroxide by functions involving mixing, kneading or stirring

(described in statistical reporting number 8479.82.0040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 142
U.S. Notes (con.)

(131) Machines for crushing/grinding pills, each valued not over $35 (described in statistical reporting number

8479.82.0080)

(132)

[Deleted.]

(133)

[Deleted.]

(134) Parts of drain and sewer cleaning machines (described in statistical reporting number 8479.90.9496)

(135) Parts of suspension arms of a kind used in dental lighting or delivery systems (described in statistical reporting

number 8479.90.9496)

(136) Mold bases, of steel, measuring 27.9 cm by 38.1 cm by 45.7 cm, each weighing 409.1 kg (described in statistical

reporting number 8480.20.0000)

(137) Plastic injection molding patterns each valued over $50,000 (described in statistical reporting number 8480.30.0000)

(138) Compression type tire molds (described in statistical reporting number 8480.71.8060)

(139) Hydraulic solenoid timing valve each valued not over $20 (described in statistical reporting number 8481.20.0020)

(140) Check valves, of plastics or rubber (described in statistical reporting number 8481.30.9000)

(141) Ball type angle cock valve bodies, of cast iron, for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions (described in statistical

reporting number 8481.90.9020)

(142) Valve bodies, of aluminum, of valves for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions (described in statistical reporting

number 8481.90.9020)

(143) Hydraulic valve parts, other than valve bodies, of valves for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions, each valued

not over $5 (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9040)

(144) Valve pressure relief components, including body covers, and diaphragms (described in statistical reporting

number 8481.90.9085)

(145) Unground ball bearings each valued not over $4 (described in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5004)

(146) Thrust bearings each valued not over $2 (described in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5008)

(147) Wheel hub bearing units, of steel, of a kind used on motor vehicles, trailers and lawn equipment, each having

one flange for the wheel and brake attachment and a second flange for attaching to the vehicle suspension, and
having a sealed and lubricated double row of bearings (described in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5016)

(148) Angular contact ball bearings, not for use with wheel hub bearing units, having an inner diameter of 25 mm or
greater but not exceeding 55 mm, an outer diameter of 50 mm or greater but not exceeding 95 mm, a width of
20 mm or greater but not exceeding 35 mm, with single or double row of steel balls and a cage of steel or plastics
(described in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5028)

(149) Angular contact ball bearings, not over 40 mm in width, other than wheel hub bearing units (described in statistical

reporting number 8482.10.5028)

(150) Single row angular contact ball bearings, other than wheel hub bearing units, valued over $5.50 but not over $6.25

each (described in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5028)

(151) Single row radial bearings, with an outside diameter less than 9 mm, each valued not over $1 (described in

statistical reporting number 8482.10.5036)

(152) Single row radial bearings, with an outside diameter over 100 mm, each valued not over $9 (described in statistical

reporting number 8482.10.5056)

(153) Radial double row ball bearings, having an inner diameter of 10 mm or greater but not exceeding 90 mm, an
outside diameter of 30 mm or greater but not exceeding 170 mm, and a width of 14.3 mm or greater but not
exceeding 68.3 mm, with a cage of steel or plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5060)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 143

U.S. Notes (con.)

(154) Tapered roller bearings, with cups having an outside diameter exceeding 102 mm but not exceeding 203 mm,

each valued not over $9 (described in statistical reporting number 8482.20.0061)

(155) Single row tapered roller bearing cone assemblies for cups having an outside diameter not exceeding 102 mm

(described in statistical reporting number 8482.20.0070)

(156) Steel tapered roller bearing cone assemblies, entered without cups, with an inner race that extends beyond the

width of the roller cage, for cups having an outside diameter exceeding 102 mm but not exceeding 203 mm
(described in statistical reporting number 8482.20.0081)

(157) Tapered roller bearing cone assemblies, each valued not over $9, for cups having an outside diameter exceeding

102 mm but not exceeding 203 mm (described in statistical reporting number 8482.20.0081)

(158) Single row tapered roller bearing cone assemblies for cups having an outside diameter exceeding 203 mm

(described in statistical reporting number 8482.20.0090)

(159) Spherical roller bearings, other than single row, with an inside diameter of 20 mm or greater but not exceeding
300 mm, an outside diameter of 50 or greater but not exceeding 300 mm, and a width of 15 mm or greater but
not exceeding 100 mm (described in statistical reporting number 8482.30.0080)

(160) Cylindrical roller thrust bearings, each having an inside diameter of 77.2 mm, an outer diameter of 95.6 mm, and
a width of 3.445 mm, comprising 64 cylindrical rollers measuring 2.24 mm in diameter and 5 mm in length, a steel
cage and a steel axial washer (described in statistical reporting number 8482.50.0000)

(161) Adapter sleeve assemblies for spherical roller bearings consisting of a tapered sleeve adapter, a locknut and lock

washer (described in statistical reporting number 8482.99.6510 )

(162) Flywheels of a kind used in manual automotive transmission (described in statistical reporting number 8483.50.6000)

(163) Universal joints, each weighing not more than 5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8483.60.4080)

(164) Chain sprockets with forged hubs, the foregoing with outer diameter of 59.4 mm or greater but not exceeding

999.4 mm and width of 22.4 mm or greater but not exceeding 114.3 mm (described in statistical reporting number
8483.90.1010)

(165) Chain sprockets, each not more than 55 mm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 8483.90.1050)

(166) Gaskets of metal sheeting combined with other material or of two or more layers of metal, each of the foregoing

valued not over $3 (described in statistical reporting number 8484.10.0000)

(167) Machinery parts, not containing electrical connectors, insulators, coils, contacts or other electrical features, and

not specified or included elsewhere in chapter 84, each valued not over $20 (described in statistical reporting
number 8487.90.0080)

(168) AC motors, C-frame single-phase induction-type, without external housing, of an output not exceeding 18.65 W,

not synchrous, each valued not over $20 (described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.4020)

(169) Electric motors, AC, permanent split capacitor type, not exceeding 16 W (described in statistical reporting number

8501.10.4020)

(170) Electric motors, AC, permanent split capacitor type, with a height of 97.5 mm or more but not exceeding 127.0

mm and a length of 82.8 mm or more but not exceeding 226.0 mm, with an output of 12 W or more but not
exceeding 16 W, 60 hertz (described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.4020)

(171) Shaded-pole AC motors, of an output not exceeding 18.65 W, each valued not over $5 (described in statistical

reporting number 8501.10.4020 )

(172) Brushless motors, of an output not exceeding 18.65 W, not synchrous, each valued not over $0.50 (described in

statistical reporting number 8501.10.4040)

(173) DC servo motors or actuators, of an output of under 18.65 W, valued over $2 but not over $2.50 each (described

in statistical reporting number 8501.10.4060)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 144
U.S. Notes (con.)

(174) Universal AC/DC motors, each rated at more than 37.5 W but not more than 65 W and valued at less than $20

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.20.2000)

(175) Quarter-turn actuator motors, of an output exceeding 746 W, each valued not over $140 (described in statistical

reporting number 8501.20.6000)

(176) DC motors, brushless, of an output rated at 48 W or greater but not exceeding 60 W, each valued not over $14

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.2000)

(177) DC motors, brushless, rated at 32 V, designed to operate in saltwater environment, each valued over $35 (described

in statistical reporting number 8501.31.2000)

(178) DC motors, of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, each incorporating a thermal switch, the

foregoing valued not over $22 (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.2000)

(179) DC motors, of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, valued over $2 but not over $30 each

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.2000)

(180) AC motors, multiphase, of a kind used with paint sprayers to regulate the flow of paint, of an output exceeding
74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, valued not over $200 each (described in statistical reporting number
8501.51.4040)

(181) Brushless, variable speed, DC motors, of an output of 750 W (described in statistical reporting number

8501.31.6000)

(182) DC motor and gear box assemblies, of an output of 746 W or more but not exceeding 750 W, of a kind used to

open and close a swing door, the foregoing valued not over $300 each (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.6000)

(183) AC motors, multi-phase, of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, other than gear motors, each
weighing less than 600 grams and valued less than $15 (described in statistical reporting number 8501.51.2040)

(184) AC motors, 3 phase, fitted with a timing belt and of an output not less than 90 W but not exceeding 135 W

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.51.4040)

(185) AC motors, multi-phase, of rolled steel frame construction (described in statistical reporting number 8501.51.4040)

(186) AC motors, multiphase, of an output exceeding 74 kW but not exceeding 75 kW, other than for use in civil aircraft

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.52.8040)

(187) AC motors, multi-phase, of an output exceeding 93 kW but not exceeding 112 kW (described in statistical reporting

number 8501.53.4080)

(188) AC motors, multi-phase, of an output of 186.5 kW or more but not exceeding 373 kW, having a cast iron frame

construction (described in statistical reporting number 8501.53.8040)

(189) AC generators, each having copper windings and weighing more than 900 kg but not more than 1700 kg (described

in statistical reporting number 8501.63.0000)

(190) AC generators, of an output exceeding 750 kVA but not exceeding 10,000 kVA, each having copper windings

and weighing more than 1650 kg but not more than 4100 kg, other than for wind-powered generating sets classified
within 8502.31.00 (described in statistical reporting number 8501.64.0025)

(191) Generator sets each weighing more than 650 kg but not over 830 kg (described in statistical reporting number

8502.11.0000)

(192) Armatures, other than for motors of under 18.65 W, other than for generators for civil aircraft, each valued not

over $5 (described in statistical reporting number 8503.00.6500)

(193) Motor field cores, other than for motors of under 18.65 W, other than for generators for civil aircraft, of steel

stamping, each valued not over $5 (described in statistical reporting number 8503.00.6500)

(194) Stators and rotors designed for use with household laundry washing machines or tabletop household appliances,

each valued not over $10 (described in statistical reporting number 8503.00.6500)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 145

U.S. Notes (con.)

(195) Stators and rotors for electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets), 2 or 4 pole type, valued $85 or

more but not over $1,700 each (described in statistical reporting number 8503.00.6500)

(196) Electrical transformers, each weighing not over 500 grams (described in statistical reporting number 8504.32.0000)

(197) Printed circuit boards, each measuring no more than 2.3 cm by 13.1 cm, presented with two black plastic pin
connectors on opposite ends and/or sides, designed for use in transformers used to provide power to
telecommunications networks (described in statistical reporting number 8504.90.6500)

(198) Dual layer printed circuit board assemblies, each valued over $30 but not over $35 (described in statistical reporting

number 8504.90.7500)

(199) Coils for cast epoxy resin transformers, each of the foregoing valued over $6,500 but not over $7,000 (described

in statistical reporting number 8504.90.9646)

(200) Conductors of aluminum for electric transformers, static converters and inductors (described in statistical reporting

number 8504.90.9690)

(201) Heat sinks of aluminum for inductors (described in statistical reporting number 8504.90.9690)

(202)

Inductor parts, of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8504.90.9690)

(203) Toroids of silicon steel (described in statistical reporting number 8504.90.9690)

(204) Lithium primary batteries valued over $0.50 but not over $0.75 each (described in statistical reporting number

8506.50.0000)

(205) Resistance-heated annealing ovens (described in statistical reporting number 8514.10.0000)

(206) Resistance-heated glass furnaces, each with continuous conveyance articulating roller and positive press (described

in statistical reporting number 8514.10.0000)

(207) Resistance-heated strip casting furnaces (described in statistical reporting number 8514.40.0000)

(208) Manually operated soldering irons and guns, with or without their power supplies but without work stands or other

accessory devices (described in statistical reporting number 8515.11.0000)

(209) Tungsten electrodes for tungsten inert gas arc welding torches (described in statistical reporting number

8515.90.2000)

(210) Transceivers, 10-meter, not hand-held, for operation in infrequencies of 28.000 to 29.700 MHz (described in

statistical reporting number 8525.60.1050)

(211) GPS apparatus measuring not over 118 mm in height, 120 mm in width and 20 mm in thickness, presented with
or without attached antenna or other accessories (described in statistical reporting number 8526.91.0040)

(212) GPS apparatus suitable for use with dog or other animal collars (described in statistical reporting number

8526.91.0040)

(213) Kits each consisting of GPS apparatus suitable for use with dog or animal collars, a hand-held GPS transmitter

and accessories therefor (described in statistical reporting number 8526.91.0040)

(214) Radio remote control apparatus of a kind suitable for controlling gas burning fireplaces (described in statistical

reporting number 8526.92.5000)

(215) 27 MHz radio remote control antennas each of a kind designed to transmit a signal to a dog collar receiver

(described in statistical reporting number 8529.10.4040)

(216)

[Deleted.]

(217) Aluminum electrolytic capacitors each valued at not over $4 (described in statistical reporting number 8532.22.0055)

(218) Fixed ceramic dielectric multilayer chip capacitors, each valued not over $0.12 per unit (described in statistical

reporting number 8532.24.0020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 146
U.S. Notes (con.)

(219) Dielectric capacitors of paper or plastics, for AC service, operating at less than 300 V each valued not over $4.50

(described in statistical reporting number 8532.25.0010)

(220) Dielectric capacitors of paper or plastics, for AC service, operating at 300 V or more but not exceeding 600 V,

each valued not over $3 (described in statistical reporting number 8532.25.0020)

(221) Double-sided capacitor modules, each containing capacitors operating at 165 farad, 48 V, and 53 watt-hours

(described in statistical reporting number 8532.25.0080)

(222) Fixed capacitors (the foregoing other than tantalum, aluminum electrolytic, ceramic dielectric, dielectrics of paper
or plastics or mica dielectric), each valued over $200 but not over $300 (described in statistical reporting number
8532.29.0040)

(223) Variable capacitors (other than mica, ceramic or glass dielectric), each valued over $500 but not over $600

(described in statistical reporting number 8532.30.0090)

(224) Metal oxide varistors of ceramic metal oxide materials (described in statistical reporting number 8533.40.4000)

(225) Potentiometers (other than cermet or metal glaze), each valued not over $70 (described in statistical reporting

number 8533.40.8070)

(226) Thermistors (other than cermet or metal glaze), each valued not over $1 (described in statistical reporting number

8533.40.8070)

(227) Motor overload protectors for a voltage exceeding 60 V but not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued over $5 but not

over $7 (described in statistical reporting number 8536.30.4000)

(228) Contactors for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued not over $39 (described in statistical reporting number

8536.49.0065)

(229) Motor starters for a voltage exceeding 60 V but not exceeding 1,000 V, valued over $9 but not over $10 each

(described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.4000)

(230) Rotary switch assemblies, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, rated at not over 5 A, each valued over $2 but

not over $3 (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9020)

(231) Snap-action switches, for a voltage not exceeding 250 V, rated not over 8 A (described in statistical reporting

number 8536.50.9040)

(232) Limit switches, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued over $19 but not over $32 (described in statistical

reporting number 8536.50.9055)

(233) Broken belt switches, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, designed for use in clothes dryers (described in

statistical reporting number 8536.50.9065)

(234) Modular light switches, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, presented in polyethylene terephthalate (PET)
housings, designed for use with a backplate (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9065)

(235) Single-pole, double-throw switches, each with a movable contact arm permitting the opening and closing of contact

points, of a rating not over 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9065)

(236) Switches designed for use in motor vehicles, driver or passenger activated (described in statistical reporting

number 8536.50.9065)

(237) Coaxial connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, valued over $0.20 but not over $0.30 each (described

in statistical reporting number 8536.69.4010)

(238) Cylindrical multicontact connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued not over $120 (described

in statistical reporting number 8536.69.4020)

(239) Printed circuit connectors each valued not over $1 (described in statistical reporting number 8536.69.4040)

(240) Printed circuit connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, measuring 142 mm long, 20.53 mm high and 6.5

mm wide (described in statistical reporting number 8536.69.4040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 147

U.S. Notes (con.)

(241) Printed circuit connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, measuring 59.08 mm long, 25.91 mm high and

25.91 mm wide, each valued not over $20 (described in statistical reporting number 8536.69.4040)

(242) Printed circuit connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued over $1 but not over $5 (described

in statistical reporting number 8536.69.4040)

(243) Printed circuit connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, stacked, each valued not over $10 (described in

statistical reporting number 8536.69.4040)

(244) Butt splice connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued not over $3 (described in statistical

reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(245) Kits each containing 40 assorted terminals comprising 12 butt splices, 10 ring terminals, 8 spade terminals and
10 female disconnects, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(246) Kits each containing 80 assorted terminals, valued not over $2, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described

in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(247) Ring terminals, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(248) Twist-on wire connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued not over $0.03 (described in statistical

reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(249) Junction boxes, each valued over $1.40 but not over $1.70 (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.8530)

(250) Transistors, with a dissipation rate of less than 1 W and an operating frequency of not less than 100 MHz, valued

over $0.04 but not over $0.05 each (described in statistical reporting number 8541.21.0075)

(251) Bipolar junction transistors, with a dissipation rate of less than 1 W and with an operating frequency of less than

100 MHz (described in statistical reporting number 8541.21.0095)

(252) Metal-oxide transistors on a silicon-carbide substrate, with a dissipation rate of 1 W or more (described in statistical

reporting number 8541.29.0095)

(253) Mounted quartz piezoelectric crystals operating at a supply voltage of 1.5 V or greater but not exceeding 3.75 V

and a frequency range not over 175 MHz (described in statistical reporting number 8541.60.0060)

(254) S-band and X-band linear accelerators designed for use in radiation surgery or radiation therapy equipment

(described in statistical reporting number 8543.10.0000)

(255) Copper panel or pattern electroplating machines of a kind used solely or principally for the manufacture of printed

circuits (described in statistical reporting number 8543.30.2000)

(256) Electrolysis copper etchback and desmear machines of a kind used solely or principally for the manufacture of

printed circuits (described in statistical reporting number 8543.30.2000)

(257) Coaxial antenna feeder cables designed for use in motor vehicles (described in statistical reporting number

8544.30.0000)

(258)

Ignition coil and wiring sets designed for use with motor vehicle engines, each valued not over $7 (described in
statistical reporting number 8544.30.0000)

(259) Power supply cables designed for use in aircraft (described in statistical reporting number 8544.30.0000)

(260) Wiring sets designed for use with motor vehicle gear shifters, each valued not over $7 (described in statistical

reporting number 8544.30.0000)

(261)

Insulated aluminum cables, not fitted with connectors, for a voltage exceeding 80 V but not exceeding 600 V
(described in statistical reporting number 8544.49.9000)

(262) Four-wheel off-road vehicles, with only spark-ignition internal combustion reciprocating piston engines, of a cylinder
capacity not exceeding 1,000 cc, with straddle seat and handlebar control, each with label indicating that vehicle
is for operation only by persons at least 16 years of age, each valued not over $5000 (described in statistical
reporting number 8703.21.0110)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 148
U.S. Notes (con.)

(263) Works trucks, electrical, operator riding, each of a curb weight exceeding 8,500 kg but not exceeding 9,500 kg

(described in statistical reporting number 8709.11.0030)

(264) Gearhead assemblies, and parts thereof, for use in civil aircraft, each valued not over $40 (described in statistical

reporting number 8803.30.0030 )

(265) Wing, tail, fuselage and other body sections, including structural components and parts of the foregoing, designed
for use on drone aircraft not capable of transporting persons (described in statistical reporting number 8803.90.9060)

(266) Motor vehicle lens cover assemblies (described in statistical reporting number 9002.90.9500)

(267) Accessories designed for compound optical microscope stages (described in statistical reporting number

9011.90.0000)

(268) Camera adapter mounts designed for compound optical microscopes (described in statistical reporting number

9011.90.0000)

(269) Episcopic fluorescence microscopy accessories designed for compound optical microscopes (described in statistical

reporting number 9011.90.0000)

(270) Lasers, other than laser diodes, each valued over $200 but not over $300 (described in statistical reporting number

9013.20.0000)

(271) Liquid-crystal displays, each measuring not over 85 cm in diagonal measurement (described in statistical reporting

number 9013.80.7000)

(272) Depth-sounding apparatus, each valued not over $50 (described in statistical reporting number 9014.80.2000)

(273) Parts, of plastics, of fish finders of subheading 9014.80.20 (described in statistical reporting number 9014.90.6000)

(274) Disposable electrocardiograph (ECG) electrodes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.11.9000)

(275) Portable ultrasonic scanner consoles, each weighing less than 4 kg, presented with or without transducer (described

in statistical reporting number 9018.12.0000)

(276) Digital peak flow meters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number

9018.19.9550)

(277) Fingertip pulse oximeters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number

9018.19.9550)

(278) Bismuth germanate crystals with set dimensional and surface finish requirements and used as a detection element
in Positron Emission Tomography (PET) detectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(279) Magnetic resonance imaging ("MRI") patient enclosure devices, each incorporating radio frequency and gradient

coils (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(280) Parts and accessories of capnography monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(281) Otoscopes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.2000)

(282) Anesthesia masks (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.3000)

(283) Electrosurgical cautery pencils with electrical connectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(284) Printed circuit board assemblies designed for use in displaying operational performance of medical infusion

equipment (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.7580)

(285) X-ray tables (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.2500)

(286) X-ray tube housings and parts thereof (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.4000)

(287) Parts and accessories, of metal, for mobile X-ray apparatus (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.6000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 149

U.S. Notes (con.)

(288) Printed circuit board assemblies, of a kind designed for use in X-ray apparatus (described in statistical reporting

number 9022.90.6000)

(289) Tungsten shielding, containing 90% or more of tungsten, of a kind designed to be attached to the walls of the
multileaf collimator of the specific radiotherapy apparatus based on the use of X-rays (described in statistical
reporting number 9022.90.6000)

(290) Vertical stands specially designed to support, contain or adjust the movement of X-ray digital detectors, or the
X-ray tube and collimator in complete X-ray diagnostic systems (described in statistical reporting number
9022.90.6000)

(291) Thermoplastic masks of polycaprolactone for the use of immobilizing patients [Compiler's note: may be "for use
in immobilizing"], during the use of alpha, beta or gamma radiations, for radiography or radiotherapy (described
in statistical reporting number 9022.90.9500)

(292) Electromagnetic flow meter systems for pipes with outside diameters larger than 183 cm (described in statistical

reporting number 9026.10.2040)

(293) Digital tire pressure gauges, each valued not over $8.50 (described in statistical reporting number 9026.20.4000)

(294) Carbon monoxide sensors, each having a value exceeding $14 but not exceeding $19 (described in statistical

reporting number 9027.90.5910)

(295) Hydrogen sulfide sensors, each having a value exceeding $9 but not exceeding $13 (described in statistical

reporting number 9027.90.5910)

(296) Nitrogen dioxide sensors, each having a value exceeding $12 but not exceeding $17 (described in statistical

reporting number 9027.90.5910)

(297) Sulfur dioxide sensors, each having a value exceeding $24 but not exceeding $29 (described in statistical reporting

number 9027.90.5910)

(298) Microtome universal cassette clamps (described in statistical reporting number 9027.90.5995)

(299) Utility meter bases, of plastics, each 17 cm or greater but not exceeding 18 in diameter, incorporating a latching

relay, the foregoing valued over $8 but not over $10 (described in statistical reporting number 9028.90.0040)

(300) Waveform monitors, each valued over $4,000 but not over $5,000 (described in statistical reporting number

9030.40.0000)

(301) Printed circuit board assemblies designed for use with X-ray detectors (described in statistical reporting number

9030.90.2500)

(302) Oscilloscope probes (described in statistical reporting number 9030.90.8911)

(303) Automatic thermostats for heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems, containing temperature and humidity

sensors, designed for wall mounting (described in statistical reporting number 9032.10.0030)

(304) Thermostats for air conditioning, refrigeration or heating systems, designed for use in motor vehicles (described

in statistical reporting number 9032.10.0060)

(305) Thermostats for air conditioning, refrigeration or heating systems, other than for wall mounting, each measuring

not more than 15 cm in length, 11 cm in width, and 3 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number
9032.10.0060)

(306) Battery balancers designed for regulating voltage across batteries, other than for 6, 12 or 24 volt systems (described

in statistical reporting number 9032.89.4000)

(307) Water level and temperature control devices of a kind used in household appliances (described in statistical

reporting number 9032.89.6040)

(308) Flow and liquid level control instruments, each valued not over $10 (described in statistical reporting number

9032.89.6060)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 150
U.S. Notes (con.)

(309) Printed circuit board assemblies designed to control the flow of paint in paint sprayers (described in statistical

reporting number 9032.89.6085)

(310) Thermostat covers (described in statistical reporting number 9032.90.6120)

(r)

For the purposes of heading 9903.88.15, products of China, as provided for in this note, shall be subject to an additional
7.5 percent ad valorem rate of duty. The products of China that are subject to an additional 7.5 percent ad valorem
rate of duty under heading 9903.88.15 are products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in
U.S. note 20(s)(i) or described in U.S. note 20(s)(ii) to subchapter Ill [of the tariff schedule]. All products of China that
are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(s)(i) or described in U.S. note 20(s)(ii) to subchapter Ill
are subject to the additional 7.5 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.15, except as provided
in (1) heading 9903.88.39 and U.S. note 20(rr) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (2) heading 9903.88.42 and U.S. note
20(uu) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (3) heading 9903.88.44 and U.S. note 20(ww) to subchapter III of chapter 99;
(4) heading 9903.88.47 and U.S. note 20(zz) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (5) heading 9903.88.49 and U.S. note
20(bbb) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (6) heading 9903.88.51 and U.S. note 20(ddd) to subchapter III of chapter
99; (7) heading 9903.88.53 and U.S. note 20(fff) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (8) heading 9903.88.55 and U.S.
note 20(hhh) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (9) heading 9903.88.57 and U.S. note 20(jjj) to subchapter III of chapter
99, (10) heading 9903.88.65 and U.S. note 20(rrr) to subchapter III of chapter 99; (11) heading 9903.88.66 and U.S.
note 20(sss)(iv) to subchapter III of chapter 99, (12) heading 9903.88.67 and U.S. note 20(ttt)(iv) to subchapter III of
chapter 99; (13) heading 9903.88.68 and U.S. note 20(uuu)(iv) to subchapter III of chapter 99; or (14) heading
9903.88.69 and U.S. note 20(vvv)(iv) to subchapter III of chapter 99. [Compiler's note: only subdivisions (vvv) and
(www) are now in effect.]

Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of China that are subject to the additional 7.5 percent ad
valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.15 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on
products of China classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(s)(i) or described in U.S. note 20(s)(ii) to
subchapter Ill.

Products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(s)(i) or described in U.S. note
20(s)(ii) to subchapter Ill and that are eligible for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule,
or that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the
additional 7.5 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.15.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.15 do not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.00.60, and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties
apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading.
For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of
the United States, as described in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of China that are provided for in heading 9903.88.15 and classified in one of the subheadings enumerated in
U.S. note 20(s)(i) or described in U.S. note 20(s)(ii) to subchapter Ill shall continue to be subject to antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional 7.5
percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.15.

(s)

Heading 9903.88.15 applies to:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 151

U.S. Notes (con.)

(i)

all products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings: [Compiler's note: numbers in this
table read from left to right]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 152
U.S. Notes (con.)

0101.21.00
0101.90.40
0102.31.00
0103.91.00
0105.11.00
0105.15.00
0106.12.01
0106.19.91
0106.33.00
0106.90.01
0201.20.02
0201.20.30
0201.30.04
0201.30.50
0202.10.50
0202.20.10
0202.30.02
0202.30.30
0203.12.10
0203.21.00
0204.21.00
0204.23.40
0204.42.40
0205.00.00
0206.30.00
0206.90.00
0207.14.00
0207.26.00
0207.43.00
0207.52.00
0207.60.10
0207.60.60
0208.60.00
0209.90.00
0210.91.00
0210.99.91
0401.40.02
0401.50.05
0401.50.75
0402.21.02
0402.21.30
0402.21.90
0402.91.03
0402.91.70
0402.99.10
0402.99.68
0403.20.10
0403.90.04
0403.90.41
0403.90.55
0403.90.72
0403.90.87
0404.90.28
0405.20.10
0405.20.50
0405.90.05
0406.10.04
0406.10.18
0406.10.38
0406.10.58
0406.10.78
0406.20.10
0406.20.28
0406.20.34
0406.20.44
0406.20.53

0101.29.00
0102.21.00
0102.39.00
0103.92.00
0105.12.00
0105.94.00
0106.13.00
0106.20.00
0106.39.01
0201.10.05
0201.20.04
0201.20.50
0201.30.06
0201.30.80
0202.20.02
0202.20.30
0202.30.04
0202.30.50
0203.12.90
0203.22.10
0204.22.20
0204.30.00
0204.43.20
0206.21.00
0206.41.00
0207.11.00
0207.24.00
0207.27.00
0207.44.00
0207.53.00
0207.60.20
0208.30.00
0208.90.30
0210.11.00
0210.92.01
0401.10.00
0401.40.05
0401.50.25
0402.10.05
0402.21.05
0402.21.50
0402.29.05
0402.91.06
0402.91.90
0402.99.30
0402.99.70
0403.20.50
0403.90.16
0403.90.45
0403.90.57
0403.90.74
0403.90.90
0404.90.30
0405.20.20
0405.20.60
0405.90.10
0406.10.08
0406.10.24
0406.10.44
0406.10.64
0406.10.84
0406.20.15
0406.20.29
0406.20.36
0406.20.48
0406.20.54

0101.30.00
0102.29.20
0102.90.00
0104.10.00
0105.13.00
0105.99.00
0106.14.00
0106.31.00
0106.41.00
0201.10.10
0201.20.06
0201.20.80
0201.30.10
0202.10.05
0202.20.04
0202.20.50
0202.30.06
0202.30.80
0203.19.20
0203.22.90
0204.22.40
0204.41.00
0204.43.40
0206.22.00
0206.49.00
0207.12.00
0207.25.20
0207.41.00
0207.45.00
0207.54.00
0207.60.30
0208.40.01
0208.90.91
0210.12.00
0210.93.00
0401.20.20
0401.40.25
0401.50.42
0402.10.10
0402.21.25
0402.21.73
0402.29.10
0402.91.10
0402.99.03
0402.99.45
0402.99.90
0403.20.90
0403.90.20
0403.90.47
0403.90.61
0403.90.78
0403.90.95
0404.90.50
0405.20.30
0405.20.70
0405.90.20
0406.10.12
0406.10.28
0406.10.48
0406.10.68
0406.10.88
0406.20.22
0406.20.31
0406.20.39
0406.20.49
0406.20.55

0101.90.30
0102.29.40
0103.10.00
0104.20.00
0105.14.00
0106.11.00
0106.19.30
0106.32.00
0106.49.00
0201.10.50
0201.20.10
0201.30.02
0201.30.30
0202.10.10
0202.20.06
0202.20.80
0202.30.10
0203.11.00
0203.19.40
0204.10.00
0204.23.20
0204.42.20
0204.50.00
0206.29.00
0206.80.00
0207.13.00
0207.25.40
0207.42.00
0207.51.00
0207.55.00
0207.60.40
0208.50.00
0209.10.00
0210.20.00
0210.99.20
0401.20.40
0401.50.02
0401.50.50
0402.10.50
0402.21.27
0402.21.75
0402.29.50
0402.91.30
0402.99.06
0402.99.55
0403.20.05
0403.90.02
0403.90.37
0403.90.51
0403.90.65
0403.90.85
0404.90.10
0404.90.70
0405.20.40
0405.20.80
0406.10.02
0406.10.14
0406.10.34
0406.10.54
0406.10.74
0406.10.95
0406.20.24
0406.20.33
0406.20.43
0406.20.51
0406.20.56

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 153

U.S. Notes (con.)

0406.20.57
0406.20.67
0406.20.75
0406.20.83
0406.20.91
0406.30.14
0406.30.28
0406.30.42
0406.30.51
0406.30.57
0406.30.67
0406.30.75
0406.30.83
0406.30.91
0406.40.44
0406.40.54
0406.90.06
0406.90.16
0406.90.28
0406.90.34
0406.90.39
0406.90.44
0406.90.51
0406.90.57
0406.90.66
0406.90.76
0406.90.86
0406.90.93
0406.90.99
0502.90.00
0510.00.20
0601.10.60
0601.20.10
0602.30.00
0602.90.40
0603.12.30
0603.15.00
0604.90.10
0701.90.10
0702.00.60
0705.19.20
0707.00.20
0708.90.05
0709.20.90
0709.91.00
0710.29.15
0711.20.28
0711.90.30
0714.30.50
0802.21.00
0802.80.10
0803.10.10
0805.40.80
0805.90.01
0807.11.30
0807.19.50
0807.20.00
0809.40.40
0812.10.00
0901.22.00
0902.10.90
0902.40.00
0904.21.20
0904.22.20
0904.22.80
0906.19.00

0406.20.61
0406.20.69
0406.20.77
0406.20.85
0406.20.95
0406.30.18
0406.30.32
0406.30.44
0406.30.53
0406.30.61
0406.30.69
0406.30.77
0406.30.85
0406.30.95
0406.40.48
0406.40.58
0406.90.08
0406.90.18
0406.90.31
0406.90.36
0406.90.41
0406.90.46
0406.90.52
0406.90.59
0406.90.68
0406.90.78
0406.90.88
0406.90.94
0407.11.00
0504.00.00
0601.10.15
0601.10.75
0601.20.90
0602.40.00
0602.90.60
0603.12.70
0603.19.01
0604.90.30
0701.90.50
0704.20.00
0705.19.40
0707.00.40
0708.90.25
0709.30.20
0709.92.00
0710.80.60
0711.20.38
0713.34.10
0801.12.00
0802.61.00
0802.91.10
0804.40.00
0805.50.20
0806.10.20
0807.11.40
0807.19.60
0809.10.00
0810.20.90
0901.11.00
0901.90.10
0902.20.10
0903.00.00
0904.21.40
0904.22.40
0905.10.00
0906.20.00

0406.20.63
0406.20.71
0406.20.79
0406.20.87
0406.30.05
0406.30.22
0406.30.34
0406.30.48
0406.30.55
0406.30.63
0406.30.71
0406.30.79
0406.30.87
0406.40.20
0406.40.51
0406.40.70
0406.90.12
0406.90.20
0406.90.32
0406.90.37
0406.90.42
0406.90.48
0406.90.54
0406.90.61
0406.90.72
0406.90.82
0406.90.90
0406.90.95
0408.91.00
0505.10.00
0601.10.30
0601.10.85
0602.10.00
0602.90.20
0602.90.90
0603.13.00
0603.90.00
0604.90.60
0702.00.20
0705.11.20
0705.21.00
0707.00.60
0708.90.30
0709.30.40
0709.93.10
0710.80.85
0711.20.40
0713.60.10
0801.21.00
0802.70.10
0802.92.90
0805.40.40
0805.50.30
0806.10.40
0807.19.10
0807.19.70
0809.21.00
0810.50.00
0901.12.00
0901.90.20
0902.20.90
0904.11.00
0904.21.60
0904.22.73
0905.20.00
0907.10.00

0406.20.65
0406.20.73
0406.20.81
0406.20.89
0406.30.12
0406.30.24
0406.30.38
0406.30.49
0406.30.56
0406.30.65
0406.30.73
0406.30.81
0406.30.89
0406.40.40
0406.40.52
0406.90.05
0406.90.14
0406.90.25
0406.90.33
0406.90.38
0406.90.43
0406.90.49
0406.90.56
0406.90.63
0406.90.74
0406.90.84
0406.90.92
0406.90.97
0501.00.00
0507.10.00
0601.10.45
0601.10.90
0602.20.00
0602.90.30
0603.11.00
0603.14.00
0604.20.00
0701.10.00
0702.00.40
0705.11.40
0705.29.00
0708.20.10
0709.20.10
0709.70.00
0709.93.30
0711.20.18
0711.59.90
0714.10.10
0801.22.00
0802.70.20
0802.99.98
0805.40.60
0805.50.40
0806.10.60
0807.19.20
0807.19.80
0809.40.20
0810.60.00
0901.21.00
0902.10.10
0902.30.00
0904.12.00
0904.21.80
0904.22.76
0906.11.00
0907.20.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 154
U.S. Notes (con.)

0908.11.00
0908.22.40
0909.22.00
0909.62.00
0910.30.00
0910.99.07
0910.99.50
1002.10.00
1008.40.00
1202.41.05
1202.42.50
1207.10.00
1209.22.20
1210.20.00
1301.20.00
1302.12.00
1302.19.41
1302.32.00
1501.10.00
1502.90.00
1507.90.20
1509.20.20
1509.40.20
1510.10.10
1510.90.90
1512.19.00
1513.19.00
1514.19.00
1514.99.90
1515.29.00
1515.90.21
1516.20.10
1517.90.10
1517.90.60
1520.00.00
1522.00.00
1602.10.10
1602.31.00
1602.41.90
1602.49.20
1602.50.05
1602.50.60
1701.12.10
1701.13.20
1701.14.20
1701.91.30
1701.91.52
1701.99.05
1702.20.24
1702.30.24
1702.40.24
1702.60.22
1702.90.05
1702.90.40
1702.90.64

1703.90.30
1704.90.25
1704.90.64
1802.00.00
1805.00.00
1806.10.22
1806.10.38
1806.10.65
1806.20.24
1806.20.36

0908.12.00
0908.31.00
0909.31.00
0910.11.00
0910.91.00
0910.99.10
0910.99.60
1002.90.00
1008.60.00
1202.41.40
1202.42.60
1207.21.00
1209.22.40
1211.90.60
1301.90.40
1302.13.00
1302.19.91
1302.39.00
1501.20.00
1503.00.00
1507.90.40
1509.20.90
1509.40.90
1510.10.90
1511.10.00
1512.21.00
1513.21.00
1514.91.90
1515.11.00
1515.30.00
1515.90.60
1516.20.91
1517.90.20
1517.90.90
1521.10.00
1601.00.20
1602.10.50
1602.39.00
1602.42.20
1602.49.40
1602.50.07
1602.50.90
1701.12.50
1701.13.50
1701.14.50
1701.91.42
1701.91.54
1702.11.00
1702.20.28
1702.30.28
1702.40.28
1702.60.24
1702.90.10
1702.90.52
1702.90.68
1704.90.78
1703.90.50
1704.90.52
1704.90.68
1803.10.00
1806.10.05
1806.10.24
1806.10.43
1806.10.75
1806.20.26
1806.20.38

0908.21.00
0908.32.00
0909.32.00
0910.12.00
0910.99.05
0910.99.20
1001.19.00
1005.10.00
1202.30.05
1202.41.80
1202.42.90
1207.29.00
1209.23.00
1212.93.00
1301.90.91
1302.14.01
1302.20.00
1401.20.20
1501.90.00
1504.30.00
1508.10.00
1509.30.20
1509.90.20
1510.90.10
1511.90.00
1512.29.00
1513.29.00
1514.99.10
1515.19.00
1515.50.00
1515.90.81
1516.30.00
1517.90.45
1518.00.20
1521.90.20
1601.00.40
1602.20.20
1602.41.10
1602.42.40
1602.49.60
1602.50.08
1602.90.91
1701.13.05
1701.14.05
1701.91.05
1701.91.44
1701.91.58
1702.19.00
1702.20.40
1702.30.40
1702.40.40
1702.60.28
1702.90.20
1702.90.54
1703.10.30

1704.10.00
1704.90.54
1704.90.74
1803.20.00
1806.10.10
1806.10.28
1806.10.45
1806.20.20
1806.20.28
1806.20.50

0908.22.20
0909.21.00
0909.61.00
0910.20.00
0910.99.06
0910.99.40
1001.91.00
1006.10.00
1202.30.80
1202.42.20
1203.00.00
1207.30.00
1209.24.00
1212.94.00
1302.11.00
1302.19.21
1302.31.00
1404.90.20
1502.10.00
1507.10.00
1508.90.00
1509.30.90
1509.90.40
1510.90.20
1512.11.00
1513.11.00
1514.11.00
1514.99.50
1515.21.00
1515.60.05
1516.10.00
1517.10.00
1517.90.50
1518.00.40
1521.90.40
1601.00.60
1602.20.40
1602.41.20
1602.49.10
1602.49.90
1602.50.21
1701.12.05
1701.13.10
1701.14.10
1701.91.10
1701.91.48
1701.91.80
1702.20.22
1702.30.22
1702.40.22
1702.50.00
1702.60.40
1702.90.35
1702.90.58
1703.10.50

1704.90.10
1704.90.58
1801.00.00
1804.00.00
1806.10.15
1806.10.34
1806.10.55
1806.20.22
1806.20.34
1806.20.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 155

U.S. Notes (con.)

1806.20.67
1806.20.77
1806.20.82
1806.20.89
1806.20.98
1806.32.04
1806.32.16
1806.32.60
1806.90.01
1806.90.15
1806.90.28
1806.90.45
1806.90.90
1901.10.21
1901.10.33
1901.10.49
1901.10.62
1901.10.74
1901.20.05
1901.20.30
1901.20.45
1901.20.65
1901.90.20
1901.90.33
1901.90.61
1901.90.65
1901.90.69
1902.11.40
1904.10.00
1904.90.01
1905.32.00
2001.90.33
2005.10.00
2005.70.08
2005.70.23
2007.91.90
2008.30.35
2008.30.85
2008.99.45
2009.19.00
2009.39.10
2009.61.00
2101.11.21
2101.12.38
2101.12.58
2101.20.34
2101.20.54
2102.10.00
2102.30.00
2103.30.40
2103.90.74
2104.20.10
2105.00.20
2105.00.50
2106.90.12
2106.90.24
2106.90.34
2106.90.44
2106.90.54
2106.90.66
2106.90.76
2106.90.83
2106.90.91
2106.90.97
2202.99.22
2204.22.40

1806.20.71
1806.20.78
1806.20.83
1806.20.91
1806.20.99
1806.32.06
1806.32.18
1806.32.70
1806.90.05
1806.90.18
1806.90.30
1806.90.49
1901.10.05
1901.10.26
1901.10.36
1901.10.52
1901.10.64
1901.10.76
1901.20.15
1901.20.35
1901.20.50
1901.20.70
1901.90.25
1901.90.34
1901.90.62
1901.90.66
1901.90.71
1902.40.00
1904.20.10
1905.10.00
1905.40.00
2001.90.45
2005.70.02
2005.70.12
2005.70.50
2007.99.30
2008.30.37
2008.91.00
2008.99.65
2009.21.20
2009.39.20
2009.81.00
2101.11.29
2101.12.44
2101.12.90
2101.20.38
2101.20.58
2102.20.20
2103.20.20
2103.90.20
2103.90.78
2104.20.50
2105.00.25
2106.90.03
2106.90.15
2106.90.26
2106.90.36
2106.90.46
2106.90.58
2106.90.68
2106.90.78
2106.90.85
2106.90.92
2106.90.99
2202.99.24
2204.22.60

1806.20.73
1806.20.79
1806.20.85
1806.20.94
1806.31.00
1806.32.08
1806.32.30
1806.32.80
1806.90.08
1806.90.20
1806.90.35
1806.90.55
1901.10.11
1901.10.29
1901.10.41
1901.10.54
1901.10.66
1901.10.91
1901.20.20
1901.20.40
1901.20.55
1901.20.80
1901.90.28
1901.90.36
1901.90.63
1901.90.67
1901.90.72
1903.00.20
1904.20.90
1905.20.00
1905.90.90
2004.10.40
2005.70.04
2005.70.16
2005.70.91
2007.99.55
2008.30.60
2008.99.10
2009.12.25
2009.21.40
2009.41.20
2009.89.40
2101.12.32
2101.12.48
2101.20.20
2101.20.44
2101.20.90
2102.20.40
2103.20.40
2103.90.40
2103.90.90
2105.00.05
2105.00.30
2106.90.06
2106.90.18
2106.90.28
2106.90.38
2106.90.48
2106.90.62
2106.90.72
2106.90.80
2106.90.87
2106.90.94
2202.91.00
2202.99.28
2204.22.80

1806.20.75
1806.20.81
1806.20.87
1806.20.95
1806.32.01
1806.32.14
1806.32.55
1806.32.90
1806.90.10
1806.90.25
1806.90.39
1806.90.59
1901.10.16
1901.10.31
1901.10.44
1901.10.56
1901.10.72
1901.20.02
1901.20.25
1901.20.42
1901.20.60
1901.90.10
1901.90.32
1901.90.60
1901.90.64
1901.90.68
1902.11.20
1903.00.40
1904.30.00
1905.31.00
2001.90.10
2004.90.10
2005.70.06
2005.70.18
2005.70.93
2008.11.61
2008.30.66
2008.99.13
2009.12.45
2009.31.10
2009.49.20
2009.90.20
2101.12.34
2101.12.54
2101.20.32
2101.20.48
2101.30.00
2102.20.60
2103.30.20
2103.90.72
2104.10.00
2105.00.10
2105.00.40
2106.90.09
2106.90.22
2106.90.32
2106.90.42
2106.90.52
2106.90.64
2106.90.74
2106.90.82
2106.90.89
2106.90.95
2202.99.10
2204.22.20
2204.29.61

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 156
U.S. Notes (con.)

2204.29.81
2205.90.20
2206.00.30
2208.20.20
2208.20.60
2208.40.40
2208.60.10
2208.90.01
2208.90.14
2208.90.30
2208.90.50
2208.90.75
2306.60.00
2309.90.22
2309.90.44
2401.10.29
2401.10.63
2403.91.45
2707.99.51
2710.99.16
2710.99.39
2811.19.10
2837.19.01
2903.89.05
2905.44.00
2914.79.40
2916.39.12
2918.99.20
2921.42.18
2921.51.20
2926.90.12
2931.43.00
3006.93.50
3301.19.10
3301.29.20
3301.90.50
3302.10.50
3406.00.00
3501.90.60
3503.00.20
3504.00.50
3602.00.00
3603.40.00
3605.00.00
3808.61.50
3823.12.00
3823.70.20
3824.99.36
3913.10.00
3924.10.30
3925.30.10
3926.90.10
3926.90.35
3926.90.99
4010.11.00
4016.99.05
4101.20.20
4101.20.50
4101.50.30
4101.50.70
4101.90.50
4102.21.00
4103.20.10
4103.30.20
4103.90.20
4301.60.60

2204.30.00
2205.90.40
2206.00.60
2208.20.30
2208.30.30
2208.40.60
2208.60.20
2208.90.05
2208.90.15
2208.90.35
2208.90.55
2302.10.00
2307.00.00
2309.90.24
2309.90.48
2401.10.48
2401.10.65
2403.91.47
2710.91.00
2710.99.21
2710.99.45
2818.10.10
2844.20.00
2903.93.00
2905.45.00
2915.40.20
2916.39.79
2920.90.51
2921.42.65
2922.21.40
2926.90.23
2933.19.04
3204.15.10
3301.19.51
3301.29.51
3302.10.10
3302.10.90
3501.10.10
3502.19.00
3503.00.40
3505.10.00
3603.10.00
3603.50.00
3606.90.40
3809.10.00
3823.13.00
3823.70.40
3825.10.01
3922.10.00
3924.90.05
3925.30.50
3926.90.16
3926.90.50
4006.10.00
4012.19.80
4016.99.10
4101.20.30
4101.20.70
4101.50.35
4101.90.10
4101.90.70
4102.29.10
4103.20.20
4103.90.11
4115.20.00
4301.80.02

2205.10.30
2205.90.60
2207.20.00
2208.20.40
2208.30.60
2208.40.80
2208.60.50
2208.90.10
2208.90.20
2208.90.40
2208.90.71
2306.10.00
2308.00.10
2309.90.28
2309.90.60
2401.10.53
2401.10.95
2404.91.00
2710.99.05
2710.99.31
2710.99.90
2818.10.20
2844.50.00
2903.99.15
2908.99.06
2916.34.25
2918.19.20
2921.12.01
2921.45.60
2925.29.70
2930.70.00
2933.69.60
3204.15.80
3301.24.00
3301.30.00
3302.10.20
3306.20.00
3501.10.50
3502.20.00
3503.00.55
3505.20.00
3603.20.00
3603.60.00
3606.90.80
3820.00.00
3823.19.20
3823.70.60
3825.20.00
3922.20.00
3924.90.56
3926.30.10
3926.90.21
3926.90.70
4009.12.00

4016.99.15
4101.20.35
4101.50.10
4101.50.40
4101.90.35
4102.10.10
4102.29.20
4103.20.30
4103.90.12
4301.10.00
4414.10.00

2205.10.60
2206.00.15
2208.20.10
2208.20.50
2208.40.20
2208.50.00
2208.70.00
2208.90.12
2208.90.25
2208.90.46
2208.90.72
2306.50.00
2308.00.93
2309.90.42
2401.10.21
2401.10.61
2403.91.20
2621.10.00
2710.99.10
2710.99.32
2712.20.00
2827.39.10
2903.79.10
2905.43.00
2912.41.00
2916.39.08
2918.19.31
2921.42.10
2921.49.15
2926.90.08
2930.90.71
3006.93.20
3301.12.00
3301.25.00
3301.90.10
3302.10.40
3401.19.00
3501.90.20
3503.00.10
3504.00.10
3601.00.00
3603.30.00
3604.90.00
3808.52.00
3823.11.00
3823.19.40
3824.60.00
3825.30.00
3924.10.20
3925.20.00
3926.30.50
3926.90.25
3926.90.85
4009.42.00
4016.95.00
4101.20.10
4101.20.40
4101.50.20
4101.50.50
4101.90.40
4102.10.20
4102.29.30
4103.30.10
4103.90.13
4301.60.30
4414.90.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 157

U.S. Notes (con.)

4417.00.20
4420.90.20
4421.99.88
4901.10.00
4902.90.20
4905.90.60
4908.90.00
4911.10.00
4911.99.20
5210.11.60
5801.33.00
6101.20.00
6101.90.05
6102.20.00
6102.90.10
6103.10.30
6103.22.00
6103.29.20
6103.33.20
6103.41.10
6103.43.10
6103.49.20
6104.19.15
6104.19.80
6104.29.10
6104.39.10
6104.43.10
6104.49.10
6104.53.20
6104.61.00
6104.63.15
6104.69.40
6105.20.20
6106.20.10
6106.90.25
6107.19.90
6107.29.50
6108.11.00
6108.22.90
6108.91.00
6109.10.00
6110.11.00
6110.20.20
6110.90.90
6111.20.40
6111.30.20
6111.90.05
6111.90.50
6112.12.00
6112.20.10
6112.41.00
6114.20.00
6114.90.05
6115.10.30
6115.21.00
6115.94.00
6115.99.14
6116.10.13
6116.10.55
6116.92.08
6116.93.05
6116.99.35
6117.80.20
6117.90.90
6201.20.29
6201.30.20

4417.00.40
4421.91.40
4814.20.00
4901.91.00
4904.00.00
4906.00.00
4909.00.20
4911.91.10
4911.99.60
5308.90.90
5801.36.00
6101.30.10
6101.90.10
6102.30.05
6102.90.90
6103.10.50
6103.23.00
6103.31.00
6103.39.10
6103.41.20
6103.43.15
6103.49.40
6104.19.40
6104.22.00
6104.31.00
6104.39.20
6104.43.20
6104.49.90
6104.59.10
6104.62.10
6104.63.20
6104.69.80
6105.90.10
6106.20.20
6106.90.30
6107.21.00
6107.29.90
6108.19.90
6108.29.90
6108.92.00
6109.90.10
6110.12.20
6110.30.10
6111.20.10
6111.20.50
6111.30.30
6111.90.10
6111.90.70
6112.19.10
6112.20.20
6112.49.00
6114.30.10
6114.90.10
6115.10.40
6115.29.40
6115.95.60
6115.99.40
6116.10.17
6116.10.65
6116.92.64
6116.93.08
6117.10.10
6117.80.85

6201.20.35
6201.30.30

4419.20.90
4421.91.60
4814.90.02
4902.10.00
4905.20.00
4907.00.00
4910.00.40
4911.91.15
4911.99.80
5407.54.00
5903.10.15
6101.30.15
6101.90.90
6102.30.10
6103.10.10
6103.10.60
6103.29.05
6103.32.00
6103.39.40
6103.42.10
6103.43.20
6103.49.80
6104.19.50
6104.23.00
6104.32.00
6104.41.00
6104.44.10
6104.51.00
6104.59.40
6104.62.20
6104.69.10
6105.10.00
6105.90.80
6106.90.10
6107.11.00
6107.22.00
6107.91.00
6108.21.00
6108.31.00
6108.99.20
6109.90.15
6110.19.00
6110.30.20
6111.20.20
6111.20.60
6111.30.40
6111.90.20
6111.90.90
6112.19.40
6112.31.00
6113.00.10
6114.30.20
6115.10.10
6115.10.55
6115.30.10
6115.95.90
6115.99.90
6116.10.44
6116.10.95
6116.92.88
6116.93.74
6117.10.40
6117.80.95
6201.20.11
6201.20.40
6201.30.50

4419.90.91
4421.99.30
4818.90.00
4902.90.10
4905.90.20
4908.10.00
4910.00.60
4911.91.40
5210.11.40
5504.10.00
6005.35.00
6101.30.20
6102.10.00
6102.30.20
6103.10.20
6103.10.90
6103.29.10
6103.33.10
6103.39.80
6103.42.20
6103.49.10
6104.13.10
6104.19.60
6104.29.05
6104.33.20
6104.42.00
6104.44.20
6104.52.00
6104.59.80
6104.63.10
6104.69.20
6105.20.10
6106.10.00
6106.90.15
6107.12.00
6107.29.20
6107.99.50
6108.22.10
6108.32.00
6108.99.90
6109.90.80
6110.20.10
6110.30.30
6111.20.30
6111.30.10
6111.30.50
6111.90.40
6112.11.00
6112.19.80
6112.39.00
6113.00.90
6114.30.30
6115.10.15
6115.10.60
6115.30.90
6115.96.60
6116.10.08
6116.10.48
6116.91.00
6116.92.94
6116.93.88
6117.10.60
6117.90.10
6201.20.19
6201.30.12
6201.30.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 158
U.S. Notes (con.)

6201.30.70
6201.40.20
6201.40.45
6201.40.65
6201.90.29
6201.90.69
6202.20.35
6202.30.30
6202.30.70
6202.40.20
6202.40.50
6202.40.70
6202.90.39
6203.11.15
6203.12.10
6203.22.10
6203.29.20
6203.32.10
6203.39.20
6203.41.03
6203.41.30
6203.42.05
6203.42.45
6203.43.11
6203.43.60
6203.43.90
6203.49.09
6203.49.90
6204.13.20
6204.19.80
6204.23.00
6204.32.10
6204.33.50
6204.39.80
6204.42.20
6204.43.30
6204.44.40
6204.52.10
6204.53.30
6204.59.40
6204.61.80
6204.62.50
6204.63.01
6204.63.09
6204.63.60
6204.63.90
6204.69.04
6204.69.22
6204.69.80
6205.30.15
6205.90.40
6206.20.30
6206.40.10
6206.90.00
6207.21.00
6207.91.10
6207.99.70
6208.19.50
6208.29.10
6208.92.00
6208.99.80
6209.20.50
6209.90.05
6209.90.50
6210.20.90
6210.40.15

6201.30.80
6201.40.25
6201.40.50
6201.40.70
6201.90.39
6202.20.11
6202.20.40
6202.30.40
6202.30.80
6202.40.25
6202.40.55
6202.40.75
6202.90.49
6203.11.30
6203.12.20
6203.22.30
6203.29.30
6203.32.20
6203.39.50
6203.41.06
6203.41.60
6203.42.07
6203.43.03
6203.43.13
6203.43.65
6203.49.01
6203.49.25
6204.11.00
6204.19.10
6204.21.00
6204.29.20
6204.32.20
6204.39.20
6204.41.10
6204.42.30
6204.43.40
6204.49.10
6204.52.20
6204.59.10
6204.61.05
6204.62.03
6204.62.60
6204.63.02
6204.63.11
6204.63.65
6204.69.01
6204.69.05
6204.69.28
6205.20.10
6205.30.20
6206.10.00
6206.30.10
6206.40.20
6207.11.00
6207.22.00
6207.91.30
6207.99.85
6208.19.90
6208.29.90
6208.99.20
6209.20.10
6209.30.10
6209.90.10
6209.90.90
6210.30.50
6210.40.25

6201.40.10
6201.40.35
6201.40.55
6201.40.75
6201.90.49
6202.20.19
6202.30.12
6202.30.50
6202.40.10
6202.40.40
6202.40.60
6202.90.19
6202.90.59
6203.11.60
6203.19.10
6203.29.10
6203.31.50
6203.33.10
6203.39.90
6203.41.08
6203.41.80
6203.42.17
6203.43.05
6203.43.45
6203.43.70
6203.49.05
6203.49.35
6204.12.00
6204.19.20
6204.22.10
6204.31.10
6204.33.10
6204.39.30
6204.41.20
6204.43.10
6204.44.20
6204.49.50
6204.53.10
6204.59.20
6204.61.15
6204.62.05
6204.62.70
6204.63.03
6204.63.50
6204.63.70
6204.69.02
6204.69.06
6204.69.45
6205.20.20
6205.90.05
6206.20.10
6206.30.20
6206.40.25
6207.19.10
6207.29.10
6207.99.20
6208.11.00
6208.21.00
6208.91.10
6208.99.30
6209.20.20
6209.30.20
6209.90.20
6210.10.50
6210.30.70
6210.40.28

6201.40.15
6201.40.40
6201.40.60
6201.90.19
6201.90.59
6202.20.29
6202.30.20
6202.30.60
6202.40.15
6202.40.45
6202.40.65
6202.90.29
6202.90.69
6203.11.90
6203.19.50
6203.29.15
6203.31.90
6203.33.20
6203.41.01
6203.41.25
6203.42.03
6203.42.25
6203.43.09
6203.43.55
6203.43.75
6203.49.07
6203.49.50
6204.13.10
6204.19.40
6204.22.30
6204.31.20
6204.33.40
6204.39.60
6204.42.10
6204.43.20
6204.44.30
6204.51.00
6204.53.20
6204.59.30
6204.61.60
6204.62.15
6204.62.80
6204.63.08
6204.63.55
6204.63.75
6204.69.03
6204.69.15
6204.69.65
6205.30.10
6205.90.07
6206.20.20
6206.30.30
6206.40.30
6207.19.90
6207.29.90
6207.99.40
6208.19.20
6208.22.00
6208.91.30
6208.99.50
6209.20.30
6209.30.30
6209.90.30
6210.20.50
6210.30.90
6210.40.29

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 159

U.S. Notes (con.)

6210.40.55
6210.50.22
6211.11.10
6211.12.40
6211.20.15
6211.20.38
6211.20.68
6211.32.90
6211.39.07
6211.39.80
6211.43.10
6211.49.50
6212.10.50
6212.30.00
6213.90.07
6214.20.00
6216.00.05
6216.00.24
6216.00.33
6216.00.46
6216.00.90
6217.90.90
6302.21.30
6302.29.00
6302.31.90
6302.51.20
6302.59.10
6302.91.00
6303.12.00
6303.92.20
6304.19.10
6304.92.00
6304.99.35
6305.20.00
6305.90.00
6306.22.90
6307.10.10
6307.90.50
6307.90.85
6310.10.10
6401.10.00
6401.99.60
6402.19.50
6402.91.60
6402.99.21
6402.99.32
6402.99.90
6403.19.20
6403.20.00
6403.51.60
6403.59.30
6403.91.30
6403.99.20
6404.11.20
6404.11.89
6404.19.39
6404.19.90
6405.10.00
6406.10.20
6406.10.40
6406.10.65
6406.10.85
6406.90.15
6506.10.30
6702.90.10
6704.11.00

6210.40.75
6210.50.55
6211.11.40
6211.12.80
6211.20.24
6211.20.44
6211.20.74
6211.33.50
6211.39.15
6211.42.05
6211.49.03
6211.49.60
6212.10.70
6212.90.00
6213.90.20
6214.40.00
6216.00.08
6216.00.26
6216.00.38
6216.00.54
6217.10.10
6301.20.00
6302.21.50
6302.31.30
6302.39.00
6302.51.30
6302.59.20
6302.99.10
6303.19.11
6303.99.00
6304.19.30
6304.99.10
6304.99.40
6305.32.00
6306.19.11
6306.30.00
6307.10.20
6307.90.60

6310.10.20
6401.92.30
6401.99.80
6402.19.70
6402.91.80
6402.99.23
6402.99.33
6403.12.30
6403.19.40
6403.40.30
6403.51.90
6403.59.60
6403.91.60
6403.99.40
6404.11.71
6404.11.90
6404.19.79
6404.20.20
6405.20.60
6406.10.25
6406.10.45
6406.10.70
6406.10.90
6406.90.60
6506.10.60
6702.90.65
6704.19.00

6210.40.80
6210.50.75
6211.11.80
6211.20.04
6211.20.28
6211.20.54
6211.20.78
6211.33.90
6211.39.30
6211.42.10
6211.49.15
6211.49.80
6212.10.90
6213.20.20
6214.10.10
6214.90.00
6216.00.17
6216.00.29
6216.00.41
6216.00.58
6217.10.95
6301.30.00
6302.21.70
6302.31.50
6302.40.10
6302.51.40
6302.59.30
6302.99.15
6303.19.21
6304.11.10
6304.20.00
6304.99.15
6304.99.60
6305.33.00
6306.19.21
6306.40.41
6307.90.30
6307.90.68
6308.00.00
6310.90.10
6401.92.90
6402.12.00
6402.19.90
6402.91.90
6402.99.25
6402.99.49
6403.12.60
6403.19.50
6403.51.11
6403.59.10
6403.59.90
6403.91.90
6403.99.60
6404.11.79
6404.19.15
6404.19.82
6404.20.40
6405.90.20
6406.10.30
6406.10.50
6406.10.72
6406.20.00
6406.90.90
6602.00.00
6703.00.30
6704.90.00

6210.50.05
6210.50.80
6211.12.10
6211.20.08
6211.20.34
6211.20.64
6211.32.50
6211.39.03
6211.39.60
6211.43.05
6211.49.25
6212.10.30
6212.20.00
6213.90.05
6214.10.20
6215.10.00
6216.00.19
6216.00.31
6216.00.43
6216.00.80
6217.90.10
6302.10.00
6302.21.90
6302.31.70
6302.40.20
6302.53.00
6302.60.00
6302.99.20
6303.91.00
6304.19.05
6304.91.01
6304.99.25
6305.10.00
6305.39.00
6306.22.10
6306.40.49
6307.90.40
6307.90.72
6309.00.00
6310.90.20
6401.99.30
6402.19.15
6402.91.26
6402.99.08
6402.99.27
6402.99.80
6403.19.10
6403.19.70
6403.51.30
6403.59.15
6403.91.11
6403.99.10
6403.99.90
6404.11.81
6404.19.25
6404.19.89
6404.20.60
6406.10.05
6406.10.35
6406.10.60
6406.10.77
6406.90.10
6505.00.01
6603.90.41
6703.00.60
6910.90.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 160
U.S. Notes (con.)

6911.10.10
6911.10.38
6911.10.80
6913.10.20
6913.90.30
7013.22.10
7013.28.05
7013.28.40
7013.33.20
7013.37.10
7013.37.50
7013.41.30
7013.49.10
7013.49.60
7013.99.30
7015.10.00
7018.90.10
7019.72.90
7101.22.30
7102.39.00
7103.99.10
7104.29.00
7104.99.50
7113.19.10
7113.19.30
7113.20.25
7116.10.25
7116.20.40
7117.19.20
7117.90.10
7117.90.90

7217.30.45

7304.90.50

7319.40.30
7320.20.10
7321.82.50
7323.94.00

7607.19.30

7615.10.11
8211.91.10
8211.91.80
8212.10.00
8214.90.30
8215.91.90
8215.99.35
8301.10.60
8301.50.00
8302.42.30
8305.90.60
8415.90.40
8417.20.00
8421.12.00
8422.90.02
8424.90.05

6911.10.25
6911.10.52
6911.90.00
6913.10.50
6913.90.50
7013.22.20
7013.28.10
7013.28.50
7013.33.30
7013.37.20
7013.37.60
7013.41.50
7013.49.20
7013.91.30
7013.99.35
7015.90.10
7019.61.90
7101.10.30
7101.22.60
7103.10.20
7103.99.50
7104.91.10
7113.11.10
7113.19.21
7113.19.50
7113.20.29
7116.20.15
7116.20.50
7117.19.30
7117.90.20
7118.10.00

7220.20.90

7228.30.20
7228.80.00
7304.41.30

7306.69.50
7317.00.10
7319.40.50
7320.20.50
7321.89.00
7323.99.10

7615.10.30
8211.91.20
8211.92.20
8212.20.00
8215.10.00
8215.99.15
8215.99.45
8301.10.80
8301.60.00
8302.42.60
8306.21.00
8415.90.80
8419.81.50
8421.91.20
8422.90.11
8424.90.10

6911.10.35
6911.10.58
6912.00.10
6913.90.10
7013.10.10
7013.22.30
7013.28.20
7013.28.60
7013.33.50
7013.37.30
7013.41.10
7013.42.20
7013.49.30
7013.91.50
7013.99.70
7015.90.20
7019.62.90
7101.10.60
7102.10.00
7103.10.40
7104.10.00
7104.91.50
7113.11.20
7113.19.25
7113.20.10
7113.20.30
7116.20.30
7117.11.00
7117.19.60
7117.90.30
7118.90.00

7220.11.00

7228.10.00

7304.41.60

7318.16.00
7319.90.10
7321.81.50
7323.91.10
7324.29.00

7615.10.50
8211.91.25
8211.92.60
8212.90.00
8215.91.30
8215.99.24
8301.10.20
8301.30.00
8301.70.00
8305.10.00
8403.10.00
8416.10.00
8419.81.90
8421.91.40
8422.90.21
8428.10.00

6911.10.37
6911.10.60
6913.10.10
6913.90.20
7013.10.50
7013.22.50
7013.28.30
7013.33.10
7013.37.05
7013.37.40
7013.41.20
7013.42.40
7013.49.40
7013.99.10
7013.99.90
7015.90.50
7019.64.90
7101.21.00
7102.31.00
7103.91.00
7104.21.00
7104.99.10
7113.11.50
7113.19.29
7113.20.21
7113.20.50
7116.20.35
7117.19.15
7117.19.90
7117.90.55

7217.10.40

7229.90.05

7304.90.30

7319.40.20
7319.90.90
7321.82.10
7323.92.00
7418.10.00
7607.19.10
7607.20.50
7610.10.00
7615.10.91
8211.91.50
8211.92.90
8214.20.60
8215.91.60
8215.99.26
8301.10.40
8301.40.60
8302.10.30
8305.20.00
8403.90.00
8416.20.00
8420.10.10
8422.11.00
8424.10.00
8428.60.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 161

U.S. Notes (con.)

8430.20.00
8435.10.00
8438.30.00
8440.90.00
8443.32.10
8443.91.20
8445.11.00
8445.20.00
8446.10.00
8447.11.10
8447.20.20
8447.90.10
8448.19.00
8448.32.00
8448.39.90
8448.51.10
8448.59.50
8450.20.00
8452.10.00
8452.30.00
8453.20.00
8465.96.00
8467.89.10
8468.10.00
8471.60.80
8478.90.00
8479.90.41
8479.90.75
8481.90.30

8512.10.40
8517.11.00
8518.10.80
8518.30.10
8519.89.10
8521.10.90
8523.29.30
8523.29.70
8523.49.20
8523.80.10
8525.89.40
8528.49.10
8528.49.50
8528.59.15
8528.59.35
8528.69.15
8528.69.55
8528.71.20
8528.72.08
8528.72.56
8528.72.72
8528.72.97
8539.29.20
8549.11.10
8549.13.00
8703.10.50
8711.40.30
8714.99.50
8906.10.00
9001.50.00
9004.10.00
9005.90.40
9006.59.01
9006.59.12
9006.59.91
9007.91.40

8433.11.00
8435.90.00
8438.40.00
8442.50.90
8443.32.50
8443.91.30
8445.12.00
8445.30.00
8446.21.50
8447.11.90
8447.20.30
8447.90.50
8448.20.10
8448.33.00
8448.42.00
8448.51.30
8449.00.10
8450.90.20
8452.21.10
8452.90.10
8453.80.00
8467.19.10
8467.89.50
8470.50.00
8472.90.50
8479.79.00
8479.90.45
8479.90.85
8481.90.50

8516.10.00
8517.61.00
8518.21.00
8519.20.00
8519.89.30
8521.90.00
8523.29.40
8523.29.80
8523.49.30
8523.80.20
8527.91.50
8528.49.25
8528.49.65
8528.59.23
8528.59.50
8528.69.25
8528.69.60
8528.71.30
8528.72.32
8528.72.62
8528.72.76
8529.90.13
8539.29.30
8549.11.90
8549.14.00
8710.00.00
8711.40.60
8714.99.60
8907.90.00
9003.11.00
9004.90.00
9005.90.80
9006.59.05
9006.59.15
9006.61.00
9007.91.80

8433.19.00
8438.10.00
8438.90.10
8443.19.20
8443.39.10
8443.99.25
8445.13.00
8445.40.00
8446.29.00
8447.12.10
8447.20.40
8447.90.90
8448.20.50
8448.39.10
8448.49.10
8448.51.50
8449.00.50
8450.90.40
8452.21.90
8452.90.20
8453.90.10
8467.29.00
8467.91.01
8471.41.01
8476.89.00
8479.89.55
8479.90.55
8480.60.00
8504.10.00
8510.10.00
8516.33.00
8517.71.00
8518.22.00
8519.30.10
8521.10.30
8523.29.10
8523.29.50
8523.29.90
8523.49.50
8524.11.90
8527.91.60
8528.49.30
8528.49.70
8528.59.25
8528.59.60
8528.69.45
8528.69.70
8528.71.40
8528.72.48
8528.72.64
8528.72.80
8531.80.90
8539.29.40
8549.12.40
8549.19.00
8711.20.00
8714.10.00
8714.99.80
9001.30.00
9003.19.00
9005.10.00
9006.40.40
9006.59.08
9006.59.20
9006.91.00
9008.50.20

8434.10.00
8438.20.00
8440.10.00
8443.31.00
8443.39.90
8443.99.50
8445.19.00
8445.90.00
8446.30.10
8447.12.90
8447.20.60
8448.11.00
8448.31.00
8448.39.50
8448.49.20
8448.59.10
8450.11.00
8450.90.60
8452.29.10
8453.10.00
8453.90.50
8467.81.00
8467.92.00
8471.49.00
8478.10.00
8479.89.65
8479.90.65
8481.90.10
8507.30.80
8512.10.20
8516.71.00
8517.79.00
8518.29.80
8519.81.10
8521.10.60
8523.29.20
8523.29.60
8523.41.00
8523.51.00
8524.91.90
8528.49.05
8528.49.40
8528.49.75
8528.59.33
8528.62.00
8528.69.50
8528.71.10
8528.71.45
8528.72.52
8528.72.68
8528.72.84
8536.90.60
8543.70.89
8549.12.80
8703.10.10
8711.30.00
8714.99.10
8801.00.00
9001.40.00
9003.90.00
9005.80.60
9006.53.02
9006.59.10
9006.59.40
9006.99.00
9008.50.30

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 162
U.S. Notes (con.)

9013.10.10
9014.10.60
9025.80.40
9026.20.80
9101.11.40
9101.19.80
9101.21.80
9101.29.40
9101.29.90
9101.99.60
9102.11.30
9102.11.70
9102.19.40
9102.21.25
9102.21.90
9102.29.20
9102.29.40
9102.29.60
9102.99.20
9103.10.80
9105.19.20
9105.29.20
9105.99.20
9108.11.40
9108.20.40
9108.90.30
9108.90.70
9109.10.20
9109.90.20
9110.19.00
9111.10.00
9111.90.40
9112.20.80
9113.20.90
9114.40.20
9114.90.10
9114.90.40
9201.90.00
9205.90.12
9205.90.19
9206.00.20
9207.10.00
9209.91.40
9209.92.80
9209.99.16
9209.99.61
9301.90.30
9303.10.00
9303.90.40
9304.00.60
9305.10.80
9305.91.20
9306.21.00
9306.90.00
9401.91.15
9404.90.10
9504.20.80
9506.11.20
9506.12.80
9506.21.80
9506.39.00
9506.62.40
9506.69.60
9506.99.05
9506.99.30
9506.99.55

9013.10.50
9023.00.00
9025.80.50
9026.80.60
9101.11.80
9101.21.10
9101.29.10
9101.29.50
9101.91.20
9101.99.80
9102.11.45
9102.11.95
9102.19.60
9102.21.30
9102.29.02
9102.29.25
9102.29.45
9102.91.20
9102.99.40
9103.90.00
9105.19.30
9105.29.30
9105.99.30
9108.11.80
9108.20.80
9108.90.40
9108.90.85
9109.10.40
9109.90.60
9110.90.20
9111.20.20
9111.90.50
9112.90.00
9113.90.80
9114.40.40
9114.90.15
9114.90.50
9202.90.20
9205.90.14
9205.90.20
9206.00.40
9207.90.00
9209.91.80
9209.94.80
9209.99.18
9209.99.80
9301.90.60
9303.20.00
9303.90.80
9305.10.20
9305.20.05
9305.91.30
9306.29.00
9307.00.00
9401.91.20
9404.90.20
9504.30.00
9506.11.40
9506.19.40
9506.29.00
9506.51.60
9506.62.80
9506.70.40
9506.99.20
9506.99.35
9506.99.60

9013.80.91
9025.80.15
9026.10.40
9027.90.20
9101.19.20
9101.21.30
9101.29.20
9101.29.70
9101.91.80
9102.11.10
9102.11.50
9102.12.80
9102.19.80
9102.21.50
9102.29.04
9102.29.30
9102.29.50
9102.91.40
9102.99.60
9104.00.60
9105.19.50
9105.29.50
9105.99.40
9108.19.40
9108.90.10
9108.90.50
9108.90.90
9109.10.50
9110.11.00
9110.90.40
9111.20.40
9111.90.70
9113.10.00
9114.30.40
9114.40.60
9114.90.34
9201.10.00
9202.90.40
9205.90.15
9205.90.40
9206.00.60
9208.90.00
9209.92.40
9209.99.05
9209.99.20
9301.10.00
9301.90.90
9303.30.40
9304.00.20
9305.10.40
9305.20.80
9305.99.50
9306.30.41
9401.10.40
9401.99.10
9504.20.20
9504.90.90
9506.11.60
9506.19.80
9506.31.00
9506.59.80
9506.69.20
9506.70.60
9506.99.25
9506.99.40
9507.20.40

9013.90.20
9025.80.35
9026.10.60
9029.90.60
9101.19.40
9101.21.50
9101.29.30
9101.29.80
9101.99.20
9102.11.25
9102.11.65
9102.19.20
9102.21.10
9102.21.70
9102.29.10
9102.29.35
9102.29.55
9102.91.80
9102.99.80
9105.19.10
9105.29.10
9105.99.10
9105.99.60
9108.19.80
9108.90.20
9108.90.60
9108.90.95
9109.10.80
9110.12.00
9110.90.60
9111.80.00
9112.20.40
9113.20.60
9114.30.80
9114.40.80
9114.90.38
9201.20.00
9205.10.00
9205.90.18
9205.90.60
9206.00.80
9209.30.00
9209.92.60
9209.99.10
9209.99.40
9301.20.00
9302.00.00
9303.30.80
9304.00.40
9305.10.60
9305.91.10
9305.99.60
9306.30.80
9401.10.80
9401.99.25
9504.20.40
9505.10.10
9506.12.40
9506.21.40
9506.32.00
9506.61.00
9506.69.40
9506.91.00
9506.99.28
9506.99.45
9507.20.80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 163

U.S. Notes (con.)

9507.30.60
9507.90.70
9508.23.00
9508.29.00
9601.90.20
9602.00.10
9603.10.35
9603.10.90
9603.50.00
9608.10.00
9608.40.80
9608.99.20
9609.10.00
9609.90.80
9612.20.00
9613.80.40
9614.00.21
9616.10.00
9619.00.11
9619.00.33
9619.00.71
9701.21.00
9701.92.00
9703.10.00
9705.21.00
9705.39.00

9507.30.80
9508.10.00
9508.24.00
9508.30.00
9601.90.40
9602.00.40
9603.10.40
9603.21.00
9603.90.40
9608.20.00
9608.50.00
9608.99.30
9609.20.20
9611.00.00
9613.10.00
9613.80.80
9614.00.25
9617.00.40
9619.00.15
9619.00.43
9619.00.74
9701.22.00
9701.99.00
9703.90.00
9705.22.00
9706.10.00

9507.90.20
9508.21.00
9508.25.00
9508.40.00
9601.90.60
9602.00.50
9603.10.50
9603.30.20
9603.90.80
9608.30.00
9608.60.00
9608.99.40
9609.20.40
9612.10.10
9613.80.10
9613.90.40
9614.00.26
9618.00.00
9619.00.21
9619.00.48
9619.00.78
9701.29.00
9702.10.00
9704.00.00
9705.29.00
9706.90.00

9507.90.40
9508.22.00
9508.26.00
9601.10.00
9601.90.80
9603.10.15
9603.10.60
9603.30.40
9604.00.00
9608.40.40
9608.91.00
9608.99.60
9609.90.40
9612.10.90
9613.80.20
9613.90.80
9614.00.98
9619.00.05
9619.00.25
9619.00.64
9619.00.90
9701.91.00
9702.90.00
9705.10.00
9705.31.00

(ii)

the following products of China:

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

Other printed books, brochures and similar printed matter, provided for in subheading 4901.99.00, except for
such printed matter provided for in statistical reporting number 4901.99.0040;

Machines for the reception, conversion and transmission or regeneration of voice, images or other data,
provided for in subheading 8517.62.00, except for such machines provided for in statistical reporting numbers
8517.62.0010 and 8517.62.0020;

Other seats with wooden frames, not upholstered, provided for in subheading 9401.69.60, except for such
seats provided for in statistical reporting numbers 9401.69.6011 and 9401.69.6031;

Other upholstered seats with metal frames, provided for in subheading 9401.71.00, except for such seats
provided for in statistical reporting numbers 9401.71.0001, 9401.71.0005, 9401.71.0006, 9401.71.0008,
9401.71.0011, and 9401.71.0031.

Other made-up articles of textile materials, provided for in subheading 6307.90.98, except for respirators of
textiles, described in statistical reporting numbers 6307.90.9842, 6307.90.9844 or 6307.90.9850, and except
for face masks of textiles, described in statistical reporting numbers 6307.90.9870 or 6307.90.9875.

(t)

For the purposes of heading 9903.88.16, products of China, as provided for in this note, shall be subject to an additional
15 percent ad valorem rate of duty. The products of China that are subject to an additional 15 percent rate of duty
under heading 9903.88.16 are products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note
20(u)(i) or described in U.S. note 20(u)(ii) to subchapter III. All products of China that are classified in the subheadings
enumerated in U.S. note 20(u)(i) or described in U.S. note 20(u)(ii) are subject to the additional 15 percent ad valorem
rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.16. [Compiler's note:Subdivisions (t) and (u) of this note and heading
9903.88.16 suspended.]

Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of China that are subject to the additional 15 percent ad
valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.16 shall also be subject to the general rates of duty imposed on
products of China classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(u)(i) or described in U.S. note 20(u)(ii) to
subchapter III.

Products of China that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(u)(i) or described in U.S. note
20(u)(ii) to subchapter III and that are eligible for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 164
U.S. Notes (con.)

or that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the
additional 15 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.16.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.16 do not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and
9802.0.60, and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties
apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading.
For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of
the United States, as described in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of China that are provided for in heading 9903.88.16 and classified in one of the subheadings enumerated in
U.S. note 20(u)(i) or described in U.S. note 20(u)(ii) to subchapter III shall continue to be subject to antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the additional 15
percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.88.16.

(u)

Heading 9903.88.16 applies to: [Compiler's note: Subdivisions (t) and (u) of this note and heading 9903.88.16
suspended. HTS subheadings in table below may appear in sequence reading from left to right.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 165

U.S. Notes (con.)

i)

all products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 166
U.S. Notes (con.)

0304.75.10
0602.90.50
1401.20.40
2829.90.25
2903.89.11
2903.99.80
2909.30.07
2912.19.40
2916.34.15
2917.39.17
2918.99.47
2922.29.06
2924.29.03
2926.90.19
2930.20.70
2931.49.00
2932.14.00
2934.10.70
3204.11.15
3604.10.10
3924.10.10
3926.10.00
3926.90.33
3926.90.75
4102.10.30
4419.12.00
4420.10.00
4421.91.80
4421.99.50
4903.00.00
4911.91.30
5801.31.00
6006.24.90
6104.13.20
6104.53.10
6107.99.20
6108.39.10
6109.90.40
6111.90.30
6115.96.90
6116.92.05
6116.99.20
6116.99.95
6201.92.17
6203.19.90
6203.49.60
6205.90.30
6210.10.70
6210.30.30
6210.50.35
6213.90.10
6216.00.13
6301.10.00
6302.22.20
6302.93.10
6304.11.30
6306.12.00
6306.90.50
6401.92.60
6402.19.30
6402.91.16
6402.91.42
6402.99.12
6402.99.41
6402.99.79
6404.11.41

0304.75.50
0802.90.25
1514.91.10
2903.21.00
2903.89.31
2907.29.10
2909.30.09
2914.69.60
2917.19.30
2918.29.25
2918.99.50
2922.29.15
2924.29.23
2926.90.21
2930.30.30
2931.90.05
2932.91.00
2934.20.05
3204.19.40
3604.10.90
3924.10.40
3926.20.10
3926.90.40
3926.90.77
4301.30.00
4419.19.10
4421.10.00
4421.91.85
4421.99.60
4909.00.40
5210.19.10
5801.32.00
6006.41.00
6104.19.10
6105.90.40
6107.99.90
6108.39.40
6110.12.10
6114.90.90
6115.99.19
6116.92.74
6116.99.48
6117.10.20
6202.93.03
6203.23.00
6204.29.40
6207.99.75
6210.10.90
6210.40.35
6211.20.48
6214.30.00
6216.00.21
6301.40.00
6302.32.10
6302.93.20
6304.19.15
6306.29.11
6307.20.00
6401.99.10
6402.20.00
6402.91.20
6402.91.50
6402.99.16
6402.99.61
6403.19.30
6404.11.49

0304.94.10
0802.90.82
1602.90.10
2903.39.20
2903.99.05
2908.19.15
2909.30.10
2914.69.90
2917.19.70
2918.99.06
2920.22.00
2922.39.10
2924.29.26
2929.10.30
2930.80.00
2931.90.15
2932.99.04
2934.20.80
3204.20.40
3808.59.10
3924.90.10
3926.20.40
3926.90.48
4016.92.00
4301.90.00
4419.19.90
4421.91.30
4421.91.88
4421.99.80
4910.00.20
5402.20.60
6001.22.00
6103.10.40
6104.29.20
6107.19.10
6108.19.10
6108.39.80
6110.30.15
6115.22.00
6116.10.05
6116.93.64
6116.99.54
6117.80.30
6203.19.20
6203.39.10
6204.33.20
6207.99.90
6210.20.30
6210.50.03
6211.20.58
6215.20.00
6216.00.35
6301.90.00
6302.32.20
6303.92.10
6304.19.20
6306.29.21
6307.90.75
6401.99.90
6402.91.05
6402.91.30
6402.91.70
6402.99.19
6402.99.69
6403.40.60
6404.11.51

0502.10.00
1212.91.00
2208.90.80
2903.77.00
2903.99.08
2908.99.25
2909.30.30
2915.39.35
2917.39.08
2918.99.35
2921.42.55
2924.21.18
2925.19.10
2929.10.80
2930.90.24
2931.90.26
2932.99.55
2940.00.20
3301.29.10
3808.59.50
3924.90.20
3926.40.00
3926.90.65
4016.99.20
4419.11.00
4419.90.10
4421.91.50
4421.99.40
4421.99.85
4911.91.20
5513.21.00
6005.41.00
6103.10.70
6104.33.10
6107.99.10
6108.29.10
6108.99.50
6110.90.10
6115.29.80
6116.10.75
6116.93.94
6116.99.75
6117.80.87
6203.19.30
6203.43.01
6205.90.10
6210.10.20
6210.20.70
6210.50.12
6213.20.10
6215.90.00
6217.10.85
6302.22.10
6302.51.10
6304.11.20
6304.93.00
6306.90.10
6307.90.89
6402.19.05
6402.91.10
6402.91.40
6402.99.04
6402.99.31
6402.99.71
6403.99.75
6404.11.59

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 167

U.S. Notes (con.)

6404.11.61
6404.19.20
6404.19.42
6404.19.57
6404.19.72
6405.20.90
6601.10.00
6603.20.90
6702.90.35
6911.10.41
6912.00.39
6912.00.46
7013.42.30
7013.99.20
7013.99.80
7117.19.05

7323.91.50
7323.99.70
8211.10.00
8213.00.30
8214.20.30
8215.99.01
8215.99.30
8301.10.90
8306.10.00
8423.10.00
8450.19.00
8471.60.20
8509.80.50
8516.31.00
8516.50.00
8517.12.00
8519.30.20
8519.81.40
8527.12.00
8527.13.60
8527.91.40
8528.52.00
8528.69.40
8539.22.80
8543.70.93
9006.40.60
9008.50.10
9102.12.20
9103.10.40
9105.21.40
9105.91.80
9109.10.10
9109.90.40
9114.90.30
9209.92.20
9404.30.80
9503.00.00
9504.90.40
9505.10.30
9505.90.40
9506.51.40
9506.99.12
9507.30.20
9603.10.05
9603.40.20
9613.20.00
9615.11.10
9615.11.50

6404.11.69
6404.19.30
6404.19.47
6404.19.59
6404.19.77
6405.90.90
6601.91.00
6603.90.81
6704.20.00
6911.10.45
6912.00.41
6912.00.48
7013.49.50
7013.99.40
7019.19.30
7117.90.45
7214.10.00
7321.12.00
7323.93.00
7615.10.20
8211.91.30
8213.00.60
8214.20.90
8215.99.10
8215.99.40
8301.40.30
8306.29.00
8443.39.60
8467.21.00
8472.90.40
8510.30.00
8516.32.00
8516.60.60
8517.18.00
8519.50.00
8519.89.20
8527.13.11
8527.19.10
8527.92.10
8528.59.40
8528.72.16
8539.29.10
8715.00.00
9006.40.90
9008.50.40
9102.12.40
9105.11.40
9105.21.80
9105.99.50
9109.10.30
9113.20.20
9202.10.00
9209.94.40
9404.90.80
9504.20.60
9504.90.60
9505.10.40
9505.90.60
9506.59.40
9506.99.15
9507.30.40
9603.29.40
9603.40.40
9613.80.60
9615.11.20
9615.19.20

6404.11.75
6404.19.36
6404.19.49
6404.19.61
6404.19.87
6406.10.10
6601.99.00
6702.10.20
6910.10.00
6912.00.20
6912.00.44
6912.00.50
7013.91.10
7013.99.50
7116.10.10
7117.90.60

7321.19.00
7323.99.30
7615.10.71
8211.91.40
8213.00.90
8214.90.60
8215.99.20
8215.99.50
8304.00.00
8414.51.30
8446.21.10
8467.22.00
8509.40.00
8513.10.20
8516.40.20
8516.72.00
8518.29.40
8519.81.20
8525.50.10
8527.13.20
8527.19.50
8527.92.50
8528.59.45
8531.80.15
8539.50.00
8905.90.10
9006.59.60
9101.91.40
9102.29.15
9105.11.80
9105.29.40
9108.12.00
9109.10.60
9113.20.40
9202.90.60
9305.99.40
9404.90.85
9504.40.00
9505.10.15
9505.10.50
9506.40.00
9506.70.20
9506.99.50
9507.90.60
9603.29.80
9605.00.00
9614.00.28
9615.11.30
9615.19.40

6404.11.85
6404.19.37
6404.19.52
6404.19.69
6405.20.30
6406.90.30
6603.20.30
6702.10.40
6911.10.15
6912.00.35
6912.00.45
7013.42.10
7013.91.20
7013.99.60
7116.20.05
7117.90.75

7321.81.10
7323.99.50
7907.00.10
8211.92.40
8214.10.00
8214.90.90
8215.99.22
8301.10.50
8305.90.30
8414.51.90
8450.12.00
8471.30.01
8509.80.10
8513.10.40
8516.40.40
8516.79.00
8518.30.20
8519.81.25
8526.92.10
8527.13.40
8527.91.05
8527.99.10
8528.69.35
8539.22.40
8543.70.87
9005.80.40
9006.69.01
9101.99.40
9103.10.20
9105.19.40
9105.91.40
9108.90.80
9109.10.70
9113.90.40
9208.10.00
9404.30.40
9404.90.95
9504.50.00
9505.10.25
9505.90.20
9506.51.20
9506.99.08
9507.10.00
9507.90.80
9603.30.60
9610.00.00
9614.00.94
9615.11.40
9615.19.60

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 168
U.S. Notes (con.)

9615.90.20
9616.20.00
9619.00.31
9619.00.68

9615.90.30
9617.00.10
9619.00.41
9619.00.79

9615.90.40
9617.00.30
9619.00.46

9615.90.60
9617.00.60
9619.00.61

ii)

the following products of China:

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

Other non-aromatic organa-inorganic compounds, provided for in subheading 2931.90.90, except for such
compounds provided for in statistical reporting numbers 2931.90.9010, 2931.90.9021, 2931.90.9025, and
2931.90.9029;

Other upholstered seats with wooden frames, provided for in subheading 9401.61.40, except for such seats
provided for in statistical reporting numbers 9401.61.4011 and 9401.61.4031;

Other upholstered seats with metal frames, provided for in subheading 9401.71.00, except for such seats
provided for in statistical reporting numbers 9401.71.0007, 9401.71.0008, 9401.71.0011, and 9401.71.0031;

Other seats with metal frames, not upholstered, provided for 9401.79.00, except for such seats provided for
in statistical reporting numbers 9401.79.0006, 9401.79.0011, 9401.79.0015, 9401.79.0025, 9401.79.0035,
9401.79.0046, and 9401.79.0050;

Other seats of reinforced or laminated plastics, provided for in subheading 9401.80.20, except for such seats
provided for in statistical reporting numbers 9401.80.2005, 9401.80.2011, and 9401.80.2031;

Other seats of rubber or plastics except for other seats of reinforced or laminated plastics, provided for in
subheading 9401.80.40, except for such seats provided for in statistical reporting numbers 9401.80.4004,
9401.80.4006, 9401.80.4015, 9401.80.4026, 9401.80.4035, and 9401.80.4046;

Furniture of reinforced or laminated plastics, provided for in subheading 9403.70.40, except for such furniture
provided for in statistical reporting numbers 9403.770.4001 [Compiler's note: so in original; likely should
be 9403.70.4001], 9403.70.4002, 9403.70.4015, 9403.70.4020, and 9403.70.4031; and

Plastic furniture except for furniture of reinforced or laminated plastics, provided for in subheading 9403.70.80,
except for such furniture provided for in statistical reporting numbers 9403.70.8001, 9403.70.8002,
9403.70.8015, 9403.70.8020, and 9403.70.8031.

(v)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47236 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

Acrylic acid-2-acrylamido-2-methylpropanesulfonic acid-acrylic ester (AA/AMPS/HPA) terpolymers, presented in
dry form (described in statistical reporting number 3906.90.5000)

Copolymers of acrylic acid and 2-acrylamide-2-methylpropanesulfonic acid, valued at $4.00 to $7.00 per kg
(described in statistical reporting number 3906.90.5000)

Granular hydrocarbon resins, each pellet not larger than 1 cm in any dimension and having a melting point greater
than 95 degrees C but not greater than 105 degrees C, presented in immediate packings of paper, paperboard
or kraft paper weighing with their contents greater than 23 kg but not greater than 27 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 3911.10.0000)

Profile shapes, of a kind used in producing door jambs, composed of a composite of polyvinyl chloride, calcium
carbonate and sawdust (described in statistical reporting number 3916.20.0020)

Hose of braided polyvinyl chloride, having crimped fittings, designed to carry water, valued not over $2.00 per kg
(described in statistical reporting number 3917.23.0000)

Molded acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS) tubes, of a kind used to effect the sterile transfer of fluid from a bag
or vial to another container, each tube measuring 7.5 cm or more but not exceeding 23 cm in length, with an inner
diameter of less than 0.65 cm and an outer diameter of less than 9 cm, one end having been angle-cut to form a
spike, and having an integrated flange, less than 3 cm in diameter (splash guard) near the spike end and removable
polyethylene caps on each end, put up in sterile packing (described in statistical reporting number 3917.29.0090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 169

U.S. Notes (con.)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Polymer strips curled in helical fashion to form a flexible tube having a constant circular cross-section with a
diameter not exceeding 2 cm (described in statistical reporting number 3917.29.0090)

Drinking straws, of plastics, each straw 8 mm or more in outside diameter and 18 cm or more in length (described
in statistical reporting number 3917.32.0050)

Bulkhead fittings, each comprising a hollow, threaded cylindrical body with a hexagonal or octagonal head on
one end, of a length 9.53 cm or more but not exceeding 23.5 cm and having an inside diameter of 1.27 or more
but not exceeding 15.24 cm, a polymer gasket and a hexagonal or octagonal tightening nut (described in statistical
reporting number 3917.40.0090)

(10)

Polyacetal brackets for connectors, of a length measuring 3.84 cm or more but not exceeding 4.57 cm, a width
of 0.838 cm and a height of 2.15 cm (described in statistical reporting number 3917.40.0090)

(11)

Polyacetal filters measuring 3.76 cm x 3.76 cm x 0.31 cm (described in statistical reporting number 3917.40.0090)

(12)

(13)

(14)

(15)

(16)

Polyacetal hose barb fittings, with a length of 2.27 cm, width of 0.99 cm and height of 2.29 cm (described in
statistical reporting number 3917.40.0090)

Tube, pipe and hose couplings and connectors of plastics, with maximum outside dimensions of 6.5 cm by 6.35
cm by 6.35 cm (described in statistical reporting number 3917.40.0090)

Y-shaped fittings of plastics, each measuring 6.99 cm in length and 3.18 cm or more but not exceeding 3.81 cm
in width and height, incorporating a valve stem of plastics and brass in its center (described in statistical reporting
number 3917.40.0090)

Electrical tape of polyvinyl chloride, in rolls, measuring not more than 2 cm in width, not more than 20.2 m in
length, and not more than 0.18 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 3919.10.2020)

Transparent tape of plastics with an acrylic emulsion adhesive, in rolls measuring not over 4.8 cm in width, valued
not over $.25 per square meter (described in statistical reporting number 3919.10.2030)

(17) Rolls of polyethylene film coated with a solvent acrylic adhesive (described in statistical reporting number

3919.10.2055)

(18) Heat-sealable printed films, of plastics, having a thickness of more than 20 microns but not more than 30 microns,
in rolls wider than 15 cm but not more than 20 cm (described in statistical reporting number 3920.20.0055)

(19) Rolls of polyvinyl chloride, measuring 2.5 cm or more but not exceeding 5.1 cm in width and 182.9 m in length

(described in statistical reporting number 3920.43.5000)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(23)

Sheets of polyvinyl chloride, in rolls measuring 0.6 m or more in width, whether or not printed in various colors,
valued at $0.88 or more but not over $2.42 per kg (described in statistical reporting number 3920.43.5000)

Sheets of polyvinyl chloride, measuring 2.44 m or more but not exceeding 3.66 m in width, 3.05 or more but not
exceeding 5.18 m in length and 0.5 cm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 3920.43.5000)

Sheets of polyvinyl chloride, measuring 45.72 cm in width, 60.96 cm in length and 0.6096 mm in thickness, coated
on both sides with a printable primer (described in statistical reporting number 3920.43.5000)

Sheets of transparent (double polished or super double polished) polyvinyl chloride, whether or not with an
integrated pattern, in rolls, measuring 1.37 m or more but not exceeding 1.83 m in width, not more than 54.9 m
in length, and 0.075 mm or more but not exceeding 0.51 mm in thickness, valued at $2.35 or more but not
exceeding $3.35 per square meter (described in statistical reporting number 3920.43.5000)

(24) Uncoated polyvinyl chloride (PVC) film, containing by weight less than 6% of plasticizers, less than 0.07 mm in

thickness, in rolls weighing 1 t or more (described in statistical reporting number 3920.49.0000)

(25)

Films coated on one or both sides with polyvinylidene chloride (PVdC) or polyvinyl alcohol (PVOH), whether or
not having a primer layer between the base and coating; any of the foregoing having a total thickness greater
than 0.01 mm but not greater than 0.03 mm (described in statistical reporting number 3920.62.0090)

(26)

Sheets of transparent polyurethane, measuring 112 cm in width and 112 cm or more but not exceeding 168 cm
in length, whether or not put up in sterile packaging (described in statistical reporting number 3920.99.2000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 170
U.S. Notes (con.)

(27)

(28)

(29)

(30)

Printed film of polyvinyl chloride, laminated with foamed-polyvinyl chloride-coated polyester scrim, in rolls, of a
kind used for lining shelves or drawers (described in statistical reporting number 3921.12.1100)

Three-ply polyvinyl chloride film laminated with nonwoven polyester scrim, in rolls, measuring not more than 5 m
in width and not more than 91.5 m in length, valued at $2.10 or more but not exceeding $2.40 per square meter
(described in statistical reporting number 3921.12.1100)

Sheets of foamed polyvinyl chloride combined with a non-textile moisture barrier, in rolls, measuring 45.7 cm in
width and 1.83 m in length, each roll weighing not more than 0.39 kg (described in statistical reporting number
3921.12.5000)

Synthetic leather sheeting, comprising three layers of polycarbonate-type polyurethane, the outer layer surface
treated, the middle layer of foamed polyurethane, and the bottom adhesive layer combined with a support layer
of polyester knit fabric, weighing 441 g or more but not exceeding 539 g per square meter, in rolls, measuring 1.4
m or more but not exceeding 1.5 m in width and 20 m or more in length (described in statistical reporting number
3921.13.1500)

(31) Cellular regenerated cellulose plates (blocks), measuring 99.1 cm by 99.1 cm by 35.6 cm (described in statistical

reporting number 3921.14.0000)

(32) Non-adhesive translucent ethylene-vinyl acetate, in sheets or rolls, of a kind used for shelf liners (described in

statistical reporting number 3921.19.0000)

(33)

(34)

(35)

(36)

(37)

(38)

(39)

Plates composed of layers of closed-cell ethylene-vinyl acetate and polyethylene foam, in rectangular shapes,
each having a surface area of 2 m² or more but not greater than 2.25 m² (described in statistical reporting number
3921.19.0000)

Sheets and strips consisting of both cross-linked polyethylene and ethylene vinyl acetate, of a width greater than
1 m but not greater than 1.5 m, and a length greater than 1.75 m but not greater than 2.6 m (described in statistical
reporting number 3921.19.0000)

Sheets of noncellular polyvinyl chloride combined with man-made textile fabric, valued at $6.15 or more but not
exceeding $6.30 per square meter (described in statistical reporting number 3921.90.1100)

Polyethylene sheet and film laminated with spunbond-spunbond-spunbond [Compiler's note: possibly an error]
nonwoven polypropylene fabric, measuring 1.12 m or more but not over 1.52 m in width and 1.93 m or more but
not over 2.29 m in length, and weighing 55 g/m2 [square meters] or more but not exceeding 88 g/m2 [square
meters] (described in statistical reporting number 3921.90.1500)

Plastic sheeting, core/scrim woven layer of high-density polyethylene (HDPE) textile strip, coated on both sides
with low density polyethylene (LDPE), with a layer of visible black file of linear LDPE, polyvinyl chloride free,
weighing not over 1.492 kg/m2 [square meters], in rolls each not over 5 m in width (described in statistical reporting
number 3921.90.1950)

Sheets of transparent (double polished or super double polished) laminated polyvinyl chloride, whether or not
with an integrated pattern, in rolls, measuring 1.37 m or more but not exceeding 1.83 m in width, not more than
54.9 m in length, and 0.075 mm or more but not exceeding 0.51 mm in thickness, valued at $2.35 or more but
not exceeding $3.35 per square meter (described in statistical reporting number 3921.90.4090)

Sheets of transparent (double polished or super double polished) polyvinyl chloride, whether or not with an
integrated pattern, in rolls, measuring 1.37 m but not exceeding 1.83 m in width, not more than 54.9 m in length,
and 0.075 mm but not exceeding 0.51 mm in thickness, valued at $2.35 or more but not exceeding $3.35 per
square meter (described in statistical reporting number 3921.90.4090)

(40) Girders of iron or steel, meeting ASTM standard A572, Grades 50, 65 or 70 (described in statistical reporting

number 7308.90.3000)

(41)

Pipes of iron or steel, with connectors, meeting ASTM standard A572, Grade 50 (described in statistical reporting
number 7308.90.3000)

(42)

Posts of steel pipe and tube, with ball knobs attached (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.3000)

(43)

Posts of steel pipe and tube, with sill plates and ball studs attached (described in statistical reporting number
7308.90.3000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 171

U.S. Notes (con.)

(44) Rib nodes of iron or steel, meeting ASTM standard A572, Grades 50, 65 or 70 (described in statistical reporting

number 7308.90.3000)

(45)

Steel upstand support members (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.3000)

(46)

Angle feed racks of galvanized steel, designed for use in the feeding of livestock (described in statistical reporting
number 7308.90.9590)

(47)

Animal kennels of iron or steel (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(48)

Balusters or spindles, of iron or steel, designed for use in handrails (described in statistical reporting number
7308.90.9590)

(49) Chain link fence panels, and fence panel stands and bases, of iron or steel (described in statistical reporting

number 7308.90.9590)

(50)

Elongated half loops of galvanized steel (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(51) Gazebos, pergolas and trellises of iron or steel (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(52)

Lockup frames of galvanized steel, of a length exceeding 3.0 m, designed for use in controlling the movement of
livestock (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(53)

Steel plate assemblies conforming to ASTM A709 Grade 50 (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(54)

Tubes of galvanized steel, coped (notched) on one end, of a length not exceeding 1.0 m (described in statistical
reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(55)

[Deleted.]

(56)

(57)

Spark-ignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston engines, to be installed in agricultural or horticultural
machinery or equipment, each rated at less than 4,200 W (described in statistical reporting number 8407.90.1010)

Spark-ignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston engines, not elsewhere specified or included,
each rated at 4,476 W or more but not exceeding 18.65 kW, with an engine displacement of not more than 690
cc (described in statistical reporting number 8407.90.9060)

(58) Cold plates for preparing tissue samples (described in statistical reporting number 8419.89.9540)

(59) Quenching devices designed to lower the temperature of steel plate using water, each consisting of top cooling
headers, bottom cooling headers, a side sweep header, a common control manifold that feeds all the headers, a
main supporting frame to support all bottom headers and bottom rolls, a top header supporting sub-frame to
support the top headers and top rolls, five top and five bottom rolls, neck bearings, drives and on board piping
(described in statistical reporting number 8419.89.9540)

(60) Cold plate machines, each incorporating a flat heat-absorbing metal plate capable of lowering the temperature

of paraffin from a liquid to a solid phase, designed for use with microtomes (described in statistical reporting
number 8419.89.9585)

(61) Walk behind rotary tillers, electrically powered, each weighing less than 16 kg (described in statistical reporting

number 8432.29.0060)

(62)

Scarifiers (described in statistical reporting number 8432.29.0090)

(63)

Tile saws (described in statistical reporting number 8464.10.0100)

(64)

Band saw guards (described in statistical reporting number 8466.30.8000)

(65) Grinder stands, pedestal rollers and other tool and workpiece stands, supports and platforms (described in

statistical reporting number 8466.30.8000)

(66)

Power tool mounts (described in statistical reporting number 8466.30.8000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 172
U.S. Notes (con.)

(67) Machines for manufacturing laminated or insulated glass, each machine valued over $100,000 (described in

statistical reporting number 8475.29.0000)

(68)

(69)

(70)

Plain shaft bearings and bushings, without housings, each valued not over $3 (described in statistical reporting
number 8483.30.8090)

Parts and accessories, not elsewhere specified or included, each valued not over $2800 (described in statistical
reporting number 8486.90.0000)

Brushless DC motors, rated at 24V, designed for use in saltwater aquariums (described in statistical reporting
number 8501.10.6040)

(71) DC motors, each of an output exceeding 750 W but not over 1.8 kW (described in statistical reporting number

8501.32.2000)

[(72) Deleted.]

(73) DC motors, of an output exceeding 750 W but not exceeding 14.92 kW, each with attached actuators, crankshafts

or gears (described in statistical reporting number 8501.32.2000)

(74)

(75)

(76)

(77)

(78)

Parts of generators (other than parts of general use as defined in note 2 to section XV), each valued not over $10
(described in statistical reporting number 8503.00.9550)

Electronic AC lighting control switches, for dimming and turning lights on and off, packaged for retail sale (described
in statistical reporting number 8536.50.7000)

Surface-mount glass passivated rectifiers with a rectified output current not exceeding 1.25 A (described in
statistical reporting number 8541.10.0080)

Surface-mount transient voltage suppressors having a peak pulse power capacity not exceeding 5 A (described
in statistical reporting number 8541.10.0080)

Zener diodes having an admissible zener current of not more than 0.15 A at 25 degrees C (described in statistical
reporting number 8541.10.0050)

(79) Crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells of a kind described in statistical note 11 to chapter 85, made up into panels

with a surface area not exceeding 3,061 cm2 [square centimeters] (described in statistical reporting number
8541.40.6015)

(80)

(81)

(82)

Solar panels, each of a surface area not exceeding 3,100 cm2 (described in statistical reporting number
8541.40.6015 and 8541.40.6035)

16-gauge 2-conductor wire, not fitted with connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 80 V (described in statistical
reporting number 8544.49.2000)

Electric conductors, not fitted with connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 80 V, each overmolded with polypropylene
(described in statistical reporting number 8544.49.2000)

(83) Monopolar conductors for a voltage exceeding 1,000 V, other than of copper and not fitted with connectors

(described in statistical reporting number 8544.60.6000)

(84)

(85)

Truck bolsters for railway cars, each weighing more than 650 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8607.19.3010)

Truck side frames for railway cars, each weighing more than 400 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8607.19.3020)

(86) Motorcycles with electric power for propulsion, each of a power not exceeding 1,000 W (described in statistical

reporting numbers 8711.60.0050 or 8711.60.0090, effective July 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number
8711.60.0000, effective prior to July 1, 2019)

(87)

Skateboards with electric power for propulsion, of a power of 1.0 kW or more but not over 2.1 kW (described in
statistical reporting number 8711.60.0090, effective July 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number
8711.60.0000, prior to July 1, 2019)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 173

U.S. Notes (con.)

(88)

[Deleted.]

(89)

Thermometers comprising cable assemblies with sensors, suitable for use in swimming pools, not combined with
other instruments, valued not over $10 each (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8080 prior to July
1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8060 or 9025.19.8085 effective July 1, 2020)

(w)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03. See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24,
2019). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.03 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Chabazite zeolites having a silica-alumina ratio of 20:1 to 24:1, valued at $31 to $39 per kg (described in statistical
reporting number 3824.99.3900)

Cups of polypropylene, with a fluted wood paper filter fitted and affixed to the inside, measuring 44.1 mm in height,
of a kind used to produce capsules for single-cup coffee brewing systems (described in statistical reporting number
3923.90.0080)

Anti-electrostatic discharge mats, comprising a conductive rubber mat measuring 40 cm or more but not exceeding
60 cm in width, 80 or more but not exceeding 125 cm in length, and 2 mm in thickness, with integrated discharge
points for a grounding wire clip or an anti-static wrist strap, such mats printed on the surface with measuring rules
and technical reference data (described in statistical reporting number 4016.91.0000)

O-rings, of nitrile rubber, ethylene propylene diene monomer (EPDM) rubber or fluoroelastomers (described in
statistical reporting number 4016.93.1010)

Dog harnesses and retractable dog leashes (described in statistical reporting number 4201.00.3000)

Portable, single-use grills for heating food, each comprising bamboo charcoal fuel, expanded perlite insulation,
bamboo rods for suspending foods over the charcoal flame, and cut paper or paperboard in shapes specially
designed for assembly of a grill body (described in statistical reporting number 4402.10.0000)

Laminated wood flooring panels having a hardwood veneer finished surface and a backing of pine strips or blocks,
the panels having tongue-and-groove outer edges and being in thickness greater than 1.4 cm but not greater than
1.5 cm. (described in statistical reporting number 4412.99.5105)

Rattan webbing, woven into decorative patterns (described in statistical reporting number 4601.93.0100)

Paper pulp sponge blocks, measuring 38 cm by 38 cm by 102 cm (15 inches by 15 inches by 40 inches) (described
in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0040)

(10) Woven microfiber fabric of 100 percent polyester, not exceeding 150/75 or 104/72 threads per inch, weighing 83

gram/m2 (described in statistical reporting number 5407.10.0010)

(11) Woven fabric sheeting of 65 percent polyester and 35 percent cotton, weighing less than 170g/ m2, not exceeding

45/45 or 110/76 threads per inch (described in statistical reporting number 5513.11.0040)

(12)

Polyester or viscose fabric coated with polyurethane, the foregoing measuring 137 cm (54 inches) in width, and
weighing 187 grams/m2 (described in statistical reporting number 5903.20.2500)

(13)

Stainless steel mesh filters (described in statistical reporting number 7314.14.1000)

(14) Grills composed of steel wire, each measuring 49 cm by 47 cm (19.25 inches by 18.5 inches), weighing 0.36 kg
(0.80 lbs.), designed as cooking surface of barbecue grill (described in statistical reporting number 7321.90.6090)

(15) Mounting boards of aluminum for guitar sound modifying (“effect”) devices, each consisting of an aluminum frame
with above ground slots for the placement of devices and floor level slots for the on/off foot-operated pedal switches
which control the modifying devices (described in statistical reporting number 7616.99.5190)

(16) Hand rails of tubular stainless steel, with wall connectors, of a length exceeding 300 mm but not exceeding 1.3

m (described in statistical reporting number 8302.41.6080)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 174
U.S. Notes (con.)

(17)

Stamped and formed latches of steel (described in statistical reporting number 8302.49.6085)

(18)

Stamped and formed brackets of steel (described in statistical reporting number 8302.50.0000)

(19)

(20)

(21)

Spark ignition reciprocating piston engines of a cylinder capacity exceeding 100 cc but not exceeding 250 cc, not
exceeding 10.0 kW (described in statistical reporting number 8407.32.9040)

Fuel pumps for internal combustion, spark ignition piston engines (described in statistical reporting number
8413.30.9030)

Parts, of aluminum, iron or steel, for blowers other than fans of 8414.51 (described in statistical reporting number
8414.90.1080)

(22) Mouse input devices for automatic data processing (ADP) machines, each valued over $70 (described in statistical

reporting number 8471.60.9050)

(23)

(24)

(25)

(26)

(27)

Trackpad input units for automatic data processing (ADP) machines, each valued over $100 (described in statistical
reporting number 8471.60.9050)

Printed circuit assemblies to enhance the graphics performance of automatic data processing (ADP) machines
(“accelerator modules”) (described in statistical reporting number 8473.30.1180)

Printed circuit assemblies for rendering images onto computer screens (“graphics processing modules”) (described
in statistical reporting number 8473.30.1180)

Printed circuit assemblies, constituting unfinished logic boards (described in statistical reporting number
8473.30.1180)

Parts and accessories of machines of heading 8471, whether or not incorporating fan hubs or LEDs but not
incorporating other goods of headings 8541 or 8542 (described in statistical reporting number 8473.30.5100)

(28) Refrigerated and heated vending machines for dispensing live bait and fishing tackle, each machine weighing

more than 350 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8476.81.0000)

(29)

Power supplies suitable for physical incorporation into automatic data processing (ADP) machines or units thereof
of heading 8471, each with a power output exceeding 500 W, measuring 148mm in length, 43 mm in width and
335 mm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.6018)

(30) Cold cathode electric neon discharge lamps, measuring 6.5 mm (1/4 inch) or less in diameter and 16 mm (5/8

inch ) or less in length (described in statistical reporting number 8539.39.9000)

(31) Guide pins and guide bolts designed for use in brakes and servo-brakes of subheading 8708.30 (described in

statistical reporting number 8708.30.5090)

(32)

(33)

(34)

Aluminum radiators for motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (other than for tractors suitable for agricultural
use), measuring 50 cm or more but not exceeding 77 cm (20 inches to 30 inches) in width, 50 cm or more but not
exceeding 77 cm (20 inches to 30 inches) in height, and 5 cm or more but not exceeding 11 cm (2 inches to 4
inches) in thickness, consisting of upper and lower tanks or side tanks welded to a center core (described in
statistical reporting number 8708.91.5000)

Single-speed bicycles having both wheels exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, weighing less than 16.3 kg without
accessories and not designed for use with tires having a cross-sectional diameter exceeding 4.13 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 8712.00.2500)

Tractor trailer skirts, consisting of panels designed to be attached to each side of a trailer, each with an upper
section having a polyethylene core, steel layer and polyester finish coat and each lower section composed of
thermoplastic vulcanite compound (described in statistical reporting number 8716.90.5060)

(35) Miniature lighting sets of a kind used for Christmas trees (described in statistical reporting number 9405.30.0010)

(36)

LED light fixtures, of a kind used in horticulture, containing over 5,000 LEDs spread across 6 light bars (described
in statistical reporting number 9405.40.8440)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 175

U.S. Notes (con.)

(37) Garden, patio and table top wick burning torches for outdoor use (described in statistical reporting number

9405.50.4000)

(38)

Lamp shades of fabric over metal frame (described in statistical reporting number 9405.99.4090)

(x)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

Unlimited rotary acting hydraulic motors, gear type, valued at $70 or more but not exceeding $75 each (described
in statistical reporting number 8412.29.8015)

Modules containing three single-stage, single-suction, frame-mounted centrifugal pumps for liquids, with mechanical
seals, with discharge outlets under 4 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2022)

Load limiters for water pumps inserted into start/stop internal combustion engines (described in statistical reporting
number 8413.91.1000)

Stainless steel bushings, having a twelve sided outer surface, designed to fit onto a fuel vapor impeller of a kind
used for automotive fuel injectors (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.1000)

Steel rings with an external diameter not greater than 18 mm designed for use in air conditioning compressors
(described in statistical reporting number 8414.90.4140)

Quench casings for furnace burners (described in statistical reporting number 8417.90.0000)

Formed sheet metal guards suitable for attachment to drying rollers in papermaking machinery (described in
statistical reporting number 8419.90.2000)

Chemically etched dies of steel, steel-rule cutting dies, movable magnetic dies, embossing folders and plastic
embossing diffusers, of a kind used in manually-powered roller machines for etching or stenciling a single sheet
of cardstock, paper, leather, flexible magnet, plastics, metallic foil, vellum, felt or fabric, such sheets measuring
not more than 50.8 cm in width or length (described in statistical reporting number 8420.99.9000)

(9)

Water filtering apparatus, each valued not over $1.50 (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(10)

Liquid treatment process modules designed to separate ethylene dichloride (EDC) from an EDC/water/acid
solution, containing an EDC decanter, heat exchangers and pumps, measuring not over 23 meters by 23 meters
by 25 meters (described in statistical reporting number 8421.29.0065)

(11) Chlorine absorption process modules designed to dissolve chlorine gas, produced through the interaction of salt
water and hydrochloric acid, in a liquid, measuring not over 35 meters by 23 meters by 26 meters (described in
statistical reporting number 8421.39.8040)

(12) Gas treatment process modules, each containing a methylenediphenyl diamine (MDA) vent scrubber and nitrogen
gas stripping column, designed to use aniline to filter MDA from the nitrogen gas stripping column, measuring not
over 26 meters by 21 meters by 17 meters (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8040)

(13) Gas treatment process modules, each containing a reactor vent scrubber designed to scrub evaporated

phosgenation reaction liquid with chlorobenzene, measuring not over 26 meters by 22 meters by 22 meters
(described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8040)

(14) Gas treatment process modules, each containing scrubbers and decomposers designed to remove hazardous
gases on the surface of packing in packed columns, measuring not over 21 meters by 17 meters by 36 meters
(described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8040)

(15) Methylene diphenyl diisocyanate (MDI) isomers separation process modules designed to purify MDI gas, measuring
not over 24 meters by 21 meters by 22 meters (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8040)

(16) Modules, each consisting of a carbon dioxide (CO2) stripper and heat exchangers designed to remove CO2 from
solutions to produce 1-Ethyl-3-(3-dimethylaminopropyl) carbodiimide (EDC), measuring not over 20 meters by 20
meters by 17 meters (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 176
U.S. Notes (con.)

(17)

(18)

(19)

Process modules containing activated carbon absorbers designed to absorb volatile organic compounds, measuring
not over 21 meters by 20 meters by 15 meters (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8040)

Thermal oxidizer modules (TOx) designed to destroy hazardous compounds in water vapors, gases and liquids
produced during the ethylene dichloride (EDC) and methylene diphenyl isocyanate (MDI) production processes,
containing a combustion chamber and scrubber for conversion of nitrogen oxide (NOX) to nitrogen (N2), measuring
not over 35 meters by 20 meters by 14 meters (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8040)

Thermal oxidizer modules (TOx) designed to destroy hazardous compounds in water vapors, gases and liquids
produced during the ethylene dichloride (EDC) and methylene diphenyl isocyanate (MDI) production processes,
containing a combustion chamber and scrubber for conversion of nitrogen oxide (NOX) to nitrogen (N2), measuring
not over 31 meters by 24 meters by 20 meters (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8040)

(20) Operator riding self-propelled aerial work platforms of a kind described in statistical note 1 to chapter 84 effective
July 1, 2019, to December 31, 2019, or in statistical note 2 to chapter 84 effective January 1, 2020, powered by
an electric motor, with a load capacity not exceeding 1,400 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8427.10.8010 prior to July 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8427.10.8020 effective July 1, 2019)

(21)

Tractor shovel loaders, each with 4 wheel drive, a bucket capacity of at least 2.9 m3 but under 3.8 m3, engine of
168 kW to 180 kW,operating weight of at least 19 t but no more than 19.2 t (at least 41,887 lbs. but not more than
42,329 lbs.) (described in statistical reporting number 8429.51.1035)

(22) Cement retainer assemblies with diameter of 4.5 cm or more but not exceeding 51 cm and length of 30.5 cm or
more but not exceeding 72 cm, composed of cylindrical cast iron components, nitrile rubber seal and brass back-up
rings, suitable for use solely or principally with the machinery of subheadings 8430.41 or 8430.49 (described in
statistical reporting number 8431.43.8060)

(23)

Snow plow blades and frames therefor (described in statistical reporting number 8431.49.9095)

(24) Wheel and tire assemblies, each having a wheel of plastics no more than 20 cm in diameter and 16 cm in width
and having a tire of rubber no more than 40 cm in diameter and 16 cm in width (described in statistical subheading
8432.90.0020)

(25)

Assemblies of parts of seeders for transmitting mechanical hand motions to the gate mechanism for starting,
adjusting and stopping the flow of seeds (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

(26)

Parts of fertilizer distributors (described in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

(27) Wheels, of plastics, each wheel being not more than 16 cm in diameter and not more than 8 cm in width (described

in statistical reporting number 8432.90.0060)

(28) Complete pulp making mills, including pulping machinery, screening machinery, cleaning machinery, settling

tanks, pumps and filters, each mill valued in its entirety at more than $2 million and less than $4 million (described
in statistical reporting number 8439.10.0010)

(29) Complete sections of paper or paperboard making machines, whether or not assembled, for forming (transforming
a slurry into a solid sheet) paper or paperboard (described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

(30)

(31)

(32)

Subassemblies of the pressing and forming sections of paper or paperboard making machines, whether or not
assembled, for assisting in replacement of rollers and fabric (described in statistical reporting number 8439.99.1000)

Sizer nip rolls of steel and cast iron with polymer cover for finishing paper or paperboard (described in statistical
reporting number 8439.99.5000)

Stapler-stackers of printer units of subheading 8443.32.10, and parts thereof (described in statistical reporting
number 8443.99.2050)

(33) Machines for cold forming light-gauge coiled steel (such steel 0.35 cm or more but not exceeding 0.61 cm in

thickness) into corrugated or other multi-ribbed panels (such panels 91.4 cm in width) by progressively passing
the steel through at least 15 but no more than 20 shaped rolls and cutting to length with a hydraulic shear (described
in statistical reporting number 8455.22.0000)

(34)

Vertical turret lathes, each weighing more than 10,000 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8458.99.1050)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 177

U.S. Notes (con.)

(35) Machines for slitting metal, numerically controlled, new, each weighing over 2,200 kg but not over 2,300 kg

(described in statistical reporting number 8462.31.0080)

(36) Glass-working machines, numerically controlled, each valued over $50,000 (described in statistical reporting

number 8464.90.0110)

(37) Woodworking planers with two-knife cutter heads, other than for working in the hand, valued not over $200 each

(described in statistical reporting number 8465.92.0034)

(38)

Edge belt sanders, each valued under $150, other than for working in the hand, designed for a belt width not over
16 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8465.93.0030)

(39) Machines for extruding rubber or plastics utilizing two successive single-screw apparatus (described in statistical

reporting number 8477.20.0005)

(40)

Extrusion machines for processing rubber, twin-screw type, designed to produce inner liners for tires (described
in statistical reporting number 8477.20.0015)

(41) Machines for cutting plastics, electrically powered, valued not over $300 per unit (described in statistical reporting

number 8477.80.0000)

(42) Crushing or grinding machines, not used in the manufacture of beverages or crushing of mineral substances,

each valued at more than $10,000 (described in statistical reporting number 8479.82.0080)

(43)

(44)

Safety valves, of brass or bronze, containing a fusible element to automatically close the valve at a set temperature,
each valued not over $5 (described in statistical reporting number 8481.40.0000)

Foot valve housings, of a kind incorporated in paint spraying apparatus, with no external measurement greater
than 5 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9060)

(45) Needle roller bearings having an inside diameter of 2.54 cm, an outside diameter of 3.33 cm and a width of 3.81
cm and having cylindrical rollers of a uniform diameter not exceeding 5 mm and having a length which is at least
three times the diameter (described in statistical reporting number 8482.40.0000)

(46) DC electric motors, of an output of less than 18.65 W, other than brushless, measuring less than 38 mm in diameter

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.4060)

(47) DC gear motor of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, with a spring coupling mechanism, an

output shaft and a locking connector (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.2000)

(48) DC motor of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, an actuator with an adjustable rod end with
bushing, a bushing for rear mounting, a power cable and a connector (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.2000)

(49) Wound field two-speed DC motors and permanent magnet brushed DC motors, of an output exceeding 67 W but

not exceeding 69 W, valued $8 or more but not exceeding $17 each (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.2000)

(50) DC motors, electronically commutated, three-phase, eight-pole of a kind used in HVAC systems, of an output of

750 W, valued not over $100 each (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.6000)

(51) Multi-phase AC motors, of an output not exceeding 110 W, other than gear motors (described in statistical reporting

number 8501.51.4040)

(52)

(53)

(54)

AC motors, multi-phase, of an output exceeding 14.92 kW or more but not exceeding 75 kW , not of a kind used
in civil aircraft (described in statistical reporting number 8501.52.8040)

AC multi-phase motors, each with an output exceeding 450 kW, fitted with pulleys and brakes (described in
statistical reporting number 8501.53.8060)

AC generators (alternators) with output exceeding 75 kVA but not exceeding 375 kVA, designed for electric
generating sets of heading 8502 (described in statistical reporting number 8501.62.0000)

XXII
99 - III - 178
U.S. Notes (con.)

(55)

(56)

(57)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Speed drive controllers for electric motors, designed for use in vehicles using electric motors for propulsion,
including but not limited to material handling equipment, golf carts, sweeper scrubbers and aerial lifts, with a value
of $50.00 or more but not exceeding $700.00 (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.4000)

Plastic cases designed to contain 9V alkaline cells, measuring 6.35 cm by 13.34 cm by 3.18 cm, with button
connectors (described in statistical reporting number 8506.90.0000)

Soldering stations, consisting of a benchtop power source, a hand piece, a power cord and work stand, operating
by the power source providing electric radio frequency current to heat the hand piece (described in statistical
reporting number 8515.19.0000)

(58) Radio remote control apparatus of a kind suitable for opening or closing gates (described in statistical reporting

number 8526.92.5000)

(59)

Printed circuit board assemblies, measuring 27.94 cm in length, 17.78 cm in width and 5.08 cm in height, of a
kind used in radio remote controller apparatus for radio remote control of machinery, comprising a copper base
to which are attached two capacitors, sixteen relays, sixteen varistors, two rows of terminal block connectors, two
fuses in black housings with flat-head screw slots on top and an LED number display (described in statistical
reporting number 8529.90.1660)

(60)

Aluminum feed horn assemblies measuring 8.4 cm in length and 5.1 cm in diameter, with operating frequencies
of 17.8 to 20.2 GHz (receive) and 28 to 30 GHz (transmit), valued at $2.75 or more but not exceeding $2.85 each
(described in statistical reporting number 8529.90.9900)

(61)

Aluminum electrolytic fixed capacitors, exceeding 51 mm in diameter, each valued over $6.50 but not over $8
(described in statistical reporting number 8532.22.0085)

(62) Multi-layer ceramic, temperature-stable capacitors (temperature coefficient 5XR), with 47 microfarad capacitance,
measuring 2 mm by 1.25 mm by 1.25 mm, valued at $0.08 or more but not exceeding $0.12 per piece (described
in statistical reporting number 8532.24.0020)

(63)

Fixed electrical carbon film resistors, not designed for surface mounting by contact, having two leads, with a power
handling capacity not over 1 W (described in statistical reporting number 8533.10.0065)

(64) Wirewound fixed electrical resistors with a power handling capacity not over 20 W, and with a core of glass,

ceramic or metal oxide file (described in statistical reporting number 8533.21.0080)

(65)

Thermistors of ceramic metal oxide, each with two leads (described in statistical reporting number 8533.21.0090)

(66) Contact sensors, of a kind used to detect the pressing and releasing of an automotive accelerator pedal, comprising
a ceramic board and a rotor housed in a molded plastics body, which together create a potentiometer (rheostat)
controlling the actuation of the engine throttle, valued at $6.70 or more but not exceeding $7.55 per piece (described
in statistical reporting number 8533.40.8040)

(67) Motor overload protectors, in 1 pole, 2 pole or 3 pole configurations, with electric current load ratings up to 60 A,
measuring 19 mm or more but not exceeding 57 mm in height, 102 mm in length, and 76 mm in width, and valued
at $6.00 or more but not exceeding $8.40 per piece (described in statistical reporting number 8536.30.4000)

(68)

Three-pole contactors, operating at 12 to 60 V, with a plastics housing enclosing three movable, silver cadmium
oxide contacts (normally open only) rated at 50 A or more but not exceeding 60 A, an electromagnetic coil, a coil
spring, coil terminals, polyester actuator, stationary terminals supported by a polyester component, a coil dust
cover and an optional insert for an auxiliary switch, valued at $9.00 or more but not exceeding $10.00 per piece
(described in statistical reporting number 8536.41.0045)

(69) Rotary switches for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, rated at not over 5 A, containing an aluminum shaft in a
push-button actuator connected to a nylon housing containing a printed circuit board (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.50.9020)

(70) Momentary contact push-button switches rated at 9 V or more but not exceeding 16 V and not over 50mA, with

no dimension exceeding 70 mm (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9031)

(71)

Push-button and proximity switches rated at not over 5 A, designed for automotive gearshift applications, with or
without connectors (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9033)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 179

U.S. Notes (con.)

(72)

Push-button switches rated at over 5 A but not exceeding 20 A, each article having external connections permitting
the switch to be wired in either normally open or normally closed configuration (described in statistical reporting
number 8536.50.9035)

(73) Rocker switches, for a current of 16 A or more but not exceeding 20 A (described in statistical reporting number

8536.50.9065)

(74)

(75)

(76)

(77)

(78)

(79)

Switches for domestic clothes dryers, valued over 35 cents but not over 40 cents each (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.50.9065)

Switches incorporated into latches for domestic appliances, valued over $ 0.90 but not over $1.25 each (described
in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9065)

BNC straight radio frequency (RF) male-pin cylindrical connector/terminator plugs, for a voltage not exceeding
1,000 V, with impedance of 51 ohms, rated up to 1 W, measuring not over 29 mm long by 15 mm in diameter
(described in statistical reporting number 8536.69.4010)

Electrical connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, of a kind used to make electrical connections in ballast
lighting (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

Enclosures of alloy steel, containing all the electrical components for underground mining machinery, such
enclosures weighing more than 15 t (described in statistical reporting number 8538.10.0000)

Polycarbonate cap-shaped covers capable of fitting over a raised control button such as that located on an
electronic pet-collar apparatus, each cover 0.39 mm in diameter and 0.134 mm in height (described in statistical
reporting number 8538.90.6000)

(80)

Bodies of gas circuit breakers for electrical utilities, with installed interrupters, each weighing more than 800 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 8538.90.8120)

(81) Wiring sets for golf carts with electric motor for propulsion (described in statistical reporting number 8544.30.0000)

(82)

Insulated three conductor cables of copper, for a voltage exceeding 1,000 V, for subsea use, of a length exceeding
3.5 km and weighing over 90 t (described in statistical reporting number 8544.60.4000)

(83) Digital optical fiber cables, with connectors, of a length exceeding 0.5 m but not exceeding 4.0 m (described in

statistical reporting number 8544.70.0000)

(84) Gearhead assemblies and parts thereof, for use in civil aircraft other than by the Department of Defense or the
United States Coast Guard, each valued not over $90 (described in statistical reporting number 8803.30.0030)

(85) Output carriers, of passivated stainless steel, having a gear measuring 36.754 mm in length and 33.782 mm in

diameter, with 17 teeth each of a maximum circular thickness of 0.8306 mm, of a kind used in a gearhead assembly
for the high-lift system of aircraft, for use in civil aircraft other than by the Department of Defense or the United
States Coast Guard (described in statistical reporting number 8803.30.0030)

(86)

(87)

Flexible pressure sensitive LCD panel display devices used as a surface for electronic writing (described in
statistical reporting number 9013.80.7000)

Therapeutic mouthpieces, of silicone and polycarbonate plastics, having embedded infrared (880 nm) and red
(660 nm) LED lights, of a kind used for radiating the upper and lower gum lines within the mouth, valued at $45
or more but not over $50 each (described in statistical reporting number 9018.20.0040)

(88) Negative pressure wound therapy systems (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.7560)

(89) Combined positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) scanners which utilize multiple PET

gantries (frames) on a common base (described in statistical reporting number 9022.12.0000)

(90)

Programmable DC electronic load instruments capable of presenting a constant load to a device, such as constant
resistance, constant voltage, constant current, or constant power, weighing more than 4 kg but less than 8 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 9030.33.3800)

(91) Current probes for oscilloscopes (described in statistical reporting number 9030.90.8911)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 180
U.S. Notes (con.)

(92)

Booths, measuring 61 cm in width, 70 cm in length and 94.5 cm in height, with integrated cooling fans and an
LCD display with touch-pad controller, of a kind used to demonstrate and assess the effects of alternative lighting
conditions on surface colors (described in statistical reporting number 9031.49.9000)

(93)

9030.90.4600

(94) Centrifugal pumps, submersible, designed for use in artificial lift systems for extracting oil and gas (described in

statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

(95)

Pistons and housings for hydraulic fluid power pumps of the type used in power lawn mowers (described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9050 prior to January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number
8413.91.9060 effective January 1, 2019)

(96)

Furnace roll end-shafts of steel (described in statistical reporting number 8417.90.0000)

(97)

[Text deleted. See 85 F.R. 42970.]

(y)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47236 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Pet urine collection and disposal kits, put up in retail packaging, each comprising seven disposable trays of plastics
measuring 8.3 cm in depth, 27.9 cm in length, and 16.5 cm in width, one scoop of plastics and one bottle containing
42 g of absorbent sodium acrylate powder (described in statistical reporting number 3906.90.5000)

3910.00.0000

Elastomeric petroleum resins (CAS No. 64742-16-1) (described in statistical reporting number 3911.10.0000)

Flexible tubes, pipes and hoses, of cross-linked polyethylene (PEX), each measuring 6.1 m in length and having
an outside diameter of 9.5 mm or more but not exceeding 28.6 mm (described in statistical reporting number
3917.32.0020)

Self-adhesive tape, of plastics, in rolls measuring 5.08 cm in width, 30.5 m in length and 0.254 mm in thickness,
of a kind used for wrapping and sealing connections between metal pipes and fittings (described in statistical
reporting number 3919.10.2055)

Self-adhesive tape, of polyvinyl chloride, in rolls measuring 1.905 cm in width, 6.706 m in length and 0.18 mm in
thickness (described in statistical reporting number 3919.10.2055)

Self-adhesive film, of clear vinyl, exceeding 20 cm in width, designed for use as shelf liner (described in statistical
reporting number 3919.90.5040)

Thermoformable polyethylene terephthalate (PET) sheets, with a thickness of 0.35 mm or more but not exceeding
1.7 mm, to which PET glitter flakes are permanently fastened, in rolls not less than 250 mm in width and not more
than 1,092 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 3920.62.0090)

Colored or printed sheets of cellular ethylene vinyl acetate plastics, in rectangles measuring 15 cm or more but
not exceeding 31 cm in width, 22 cm or more but not exceeding 46 cm in length and 2 mm or more but not
exceeding 6 mm in thickness, or in rolls measuring 91.44 cm in width, 152.4 cm in length, and 2 mm or more but
not exceeding 6 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 3921.19.0000)

(10) Unclad glass core rods of high purity silica with a core region infused with germanium dioxide, in which the ratio
of the outer diameter of the rod to the diameter of the core region is less than 5:1, such outer diameter not
exceeding 65 mm, and in lengths of less than 3 m (described in statistical reporting number 7002.20.1000)

(11) Driveway gates and pedestrian gates of galvanized steel (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(12)

Fence panels of galvanized steel (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(13) Gate posts of iron or steel (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 181

U.S. Notes (con.)

(14) Gates or pens, of iron or steel (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(15) Gestation stalls, farrowing crates and rails therefor, gates and structural support posts, the foregoing of steel, of

a kind used in swine penning systems (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(16)

Steel chain-link fence panels, each panel wider than 3.5 m but not wider than 4 m and higher than 1.5 m but not
higher than 2 m (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(17)

Steel wall assemblies (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(18)

Structural articles of stainless steel (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.9590)

(19)

(20)

Spark ignition internal combustion engines (other than aircraft engines, other than marine propulsion engines,
other than reciprocating piston engines of a kind used for the propulsion of vehicles of chapter 87, other than to
be installed in agricultural or horticultural machinery or equipment and other than natural gas or LP engines),
rated 746 W or greater but not exceeding 4,476 W, of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 220 cc (described in
statistical reporting number 8407.90.9040)

Spark ignition internal combustion engines (other than aircraft engines, other than marine propulsion engines,
other than reciprocating piston engines of a kind used for the propulsion of vehicles of chapter 87, other than to
be installed in agricultural or horticultural machinery or equipment and other than natural gas or LP engines),
rated 4,476 W or greater but not exceeding 16.50 kW, of a cylinder capacity not exceeding 710 cc (described in
statistical reporting number 8407.90.9060)

(21) Machinery incorporating heat exchangers, valves, pumps, pipes, wiring and instrumentation, designed to change

the temperature of gas (described in statistical reporting number 8419.89.9585)

(22) Mortising machines, each incorporating a work holder that moves on x-y axes, with a power rating not over 375

W (1/2 horsepower) (described in statistical reporting number 8465.95.0065)

(23) Machine tool stands having leveling, stabilizing, attachment or other special features (described in statistical

reporting number 8466.30.8000)

(24) Radial spherical plain shaft bearings, without housings, of steel (described in statistical reporting number

8483.30.8070)

(25)

(26)

Stepper motors, with an output of under 18.65 W, valued not over $1.20 ea. (described in statistical reporting
number 8501.10.2000)

AC electric motors, of an output of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, each with attached actuators
(described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6020)

(27) Cylindrical DC electric motors, of an output of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W (described in statistical

reporting number 8501.10.6060)

(28)

Swing-gate openers comprising a DC motor with an output of 18.65 W or more but less than 35 W, each including
an AC power transformer, a wireless remote-control, an electric linear actuator and an emergency key for
disconnecting the actuator (described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6060)

(29)

Electric motors, with an output of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, with attached cables, designed for
use in adjusting motor vehicle seats (described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6080)

(30) Universal AC/DC electric motors, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W each with base metal

arms, designed for use in extending or retracting awnings or gates (described in statistical reporting number
8501.20.4000)

(31) Universal AC/DC electric motors, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, each with attached

gear and gear rack track (described in statistical reporting number 8501.20.4000)

(32) Universal AC/DC electric motors, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, each with gear

attached and chain drive (described in statistical reporting number 8501.20.4000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 182
U.S. Notes (con.)

(33) DC electric motors, 12 V, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, with lead wires and electrical

connector, measuring not over 75 mm outside diameter, with a housing not over 100 mm in length and a shaft
not over 60 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(34) DC electric motors, 12 V, with an output not exceeding 515 W, measuring not over 95 mm in outside diameter,
not over 155 mm in length and with a shaft not over 30 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.4000)

(35) DC electric motors, 120 V, with an output not exceeding 140 W, measuring not over 45 mm in diameter and not

over 100 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(36) DC electric motors, 120 V, with an output not exceeding 90 W, measuring not over 90 mm long by 35 mm wide

by 35 mm high (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(37) DC electric motors, 13.5 V, with an output not exceeding 110 W, measuring not over 75 mm outside diameter,

housing not over 120 mm long, a shaft not over 55 mm long and with a mounting flange not over 150 mm (described
in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(38) DC electric motors, 230 V, with an output not exceeding 140 W, measuring not more than 45 mm in diameter and

not over 100 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(39) DC electric motors, 230 V, with output not exceeding 85 W, measuring not more than 90 mm in length by 35 mm

in width by 35 mm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(40) DC electric motors, 24 V, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, with mounting plate, lead

wires and electrical connector, measuring not over 80 mm outside diameter, housing not over 150 mm in length
and shaft not over 95 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(41) DC electric motors, 24 V, with an output not exceeding 105 W, measuring not over 260 mm in length by 205 mm

in width by 825 mm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(42) DC electric motors, 24 V, with an output not exceeding 515 W, measuring not over 95 mm in outside diameter,
not over 155 mm in length and with a shaft not over 30 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.4000)

(43) DC electric motors, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, containing lead wires and an

electrical connector (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(44) DC electric motors, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 80 W, each with a pinion gear, valued

not over $5 (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(45) DC motors with a power output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 230 W, measuring less than 105 mm in

diameter and 50 mm or more but not over 100 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(46) DC motors, of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, each valued not over $18 (described in

statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(47) Direct Current (DC) permanent magnet motors rated at 90 W or more but not over 110 W and 24 V with torque

of 65 Newton meters (Nm) and 2,035 Nm, incorporating a wheel that can manually actuate a valve (described in
statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(48) Resin-encapsulated DC permanent magnet brushless motors, with an output of 150 W or more but not exceeding
250 W, designed for use in air conditioning and heat pump systems, measuring 112 mm in diameter and 110 mm
or more but not exceeding 122 mm in length (excluding shafts) (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.4000)

(49)

(50)

(51)

Amorphous silicon solar panel kits, each with an output of 100 W or less (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.8010)

Photovoltaic generators of a kind described in statistical note 9 to chapter 85, of an output not exceeding 150 W
(described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.8010)

End brackets suitable for use solely or principally with generators of heading 8501 (other than generators of
statistical reporting number 8501.64.0021) (described in statistical reporting number 8503.00.9550)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 183

U.S. Notes (con.)

(52) CB radio antennas (described in statistical reporting number 8529.10.9100)

(53) Ground Fault Circuit Interrupters (GFCIs), Appliance Leakage Current Interrupters (ALCIs), Leakage Current

Detection Interrupters (LCDIs), and Arc Fault Circuit Interrupters (AFCIs) (described in statistical reporting number
8536.30.8000)

(54)

Surge protectors of a kind designed to protect a buried-wire pet containment system and its control apparatus,
having an energy absorption rating at 120 V of less than 500 joules and 15 A (described in statistical reporting
number 8536.30.8000)

(55)

Electronic AC passive infrared (PIR) motion sensing switches (described in statistical reporting number
8536.50.7000)

(56)

Fixed set-point pressure switches (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.7000)

(57) Humidity triggered switches (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.7000)

(58) Occupancy and vacancy sensor switches (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.7000)

(59) Retro-reflective infrared beam switches consisting of an infrared LED emitter and detector in a single housing and

a reflective disk for mounting at a distance; such emitter-detector units operating at no more than 40 V AC/DC
and containing a relay or other switching component to open or close a separate (secondary) circuit (described
in statistical reporting number 8536.50.7000)

(60) Wall-mountable dimmer switches (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.7000)

(61)

(62)

Surface-mount glass passivated rectifier diodes, having a rectified output current over 0.5 A but not exceeding
1.25 A (described in statistical reporting number 8541.10.0080)

Application specific integrated circuits (ASICs), not containing memories, designed for use in engine control units
(ECUs) to interface with linear exhaust gas oxygen sensors (UEGOs) (described in statistical reporting number
8542.31.0001)

(63)

Electrical control devices which modulate electrical signals, not containing two or more apparatus of 8535 or 8536,
each valued over $60 but not over $70 (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(64) Conductors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, with 4 unfitted wire connectors and 4 waterproof gel wire splice

capsules (described in statistical reporting number 8544.49.2000)

(65) Copper wire, twenty (20) gauge, insulated with polyvinylchloride (PVC), not fitted with connectors, for a voltage
not exceeding 80 V, not designed for use in telecommunications (described in statistical reporting number
8544.49.2000)

(66)

(67)

(68)

(69)

(70)

(71)

(72)

Sets comprising conductors and markers for electrically powered dog training, controlling, repelling or locating
apparatus (described in statistical reporting number 8544.49.2000)

Bottom shelf coupler assemblies designed for use with coupling systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606
(described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning front retainer plates, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles of
heading 8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning intermediate aligning and overtravel protection members, designed for use with
buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number
8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning rear aligning and overtravel protection members designed for use with buffering/cushioning
systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning rear structural units, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles of heading
8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning retention and alignment shafts, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles
of heading 8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 184
U.S. Notes (con.)

(73)

Buffering/cushioning retention caps, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of freight railcars of
heading 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(74) Draft pack rear aligning and overtravel protection members, designed for use with hybrid railcar cushioning systems

of freight railcars of heading 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(75)

(76)

Follower block plates, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of freight railcars of heading 8606
(described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Front draft lugs, designed to stop the movement of buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or
8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(77) Rear draft lugs, designed to stop the movement of buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or

8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(78)

Type F knuckles, designed for use with coupling systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606 (described in
statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(79) Digital clinical thermometers, valued not over $11 each (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8040

prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8010 or 9025.19.8020 effective July 1,
2020)

(80) Galileo thermometers (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8080 prior to July 1, 2020; described in

statistical reporting number 9025.19.8060 or 9025.19.8085 effective July 1, 2020)

(81) Handheld electronic thermometers, with a metal thermo-couple probe measuring 10 cm in length (described in
statistical reporting number 9025.19.8080 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number
9025.19.8060 or 9025.19.8085 effective July 1, 2020)

(82)

(83)

Thermometers, not combined with other instruments, other than liquid-filled for direct reading, other than pyrometers,
other than clinical thermometers (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8080 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8060 or 9025.19.8085 effective July 1, 2020)

Battery-powered electronic temperature monitors with LCD displays, capable of storing downloadable readings
or storing temperature parameters as low as -80 degrees Celsius or as high as 70 degrees Celsius, of a kind
used in cold-temperature transport or storage of perishable goods (described in statistical reporting number
9025.80.1000)

(84)

Portable, wireless enabled, electrical gas monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9027.10.2000)

(85) Multimeters, without a recording device , clamp-style, with 10-function LCD digital display for measuring AC/DC

voltage and current, resistance and continuity with an autorange of 400 amps, measuring not over 33 cm (13
inches) high by 51 cm (20 inches) wide by 36 cm (14 inches) deep (described in statistical reporting number
9030.31.0000)

(86) Multimeters, without a recording device, capable of measuring more than one property (such as voltage, amperage,

continuity, ground fault) of an electric current in a circuit, self-powered or powered by the circuit it is measuring,
each valued not over $16 (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(87) Multimeters, without a recording device, clamp-style, 6-function, autoranging 600 ampere AC only, measuring
not over 33 cm (13 inches) high by 15.5 cm (6 inches) wide by 18 cm (7 inches) deep (described in statistical
reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(88) Multimeters, without a recording device, clamp-style, root mean square (RMS) type, for measuring AD/DC voltage,
AC/DC current, resistance, capacitance and frequency, with 600 V to 1,000 V safety rating (described in statistical
reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(89) Multimeters, without a recording device, clamp-style, true root mean square (RMS) type, with 6-function LCD
digital display, measuring not over 41 cm high by 33 cm wide by 28 cm deep (described in statistical reporting
number 9030.31.0000)

(90) Multimeters, without a recording device, clamp-style, with 4-function 8-range manual-ranging analog display, for
measuring AC/DC voltage, AC current and resistance, measuring not over 30.5 cm (12 inches) high by 13 cm (5
inches) wide by 20.3 cm (8 inches) deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 185

U.S. Notes (con.)

(91) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, for measuring AC/DC voltage, AC/DC current, resistance,

capacitance and frequency, with 250 to 1,000 AC/DC volt safety rating, designed for examining electrical motors
in household appliances and automobiles (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(92) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, true root mean square (RMS) type, with 10-function 10-range

LCD digital display, for measuring AC/DC voltage, current, resistance, diode, continuity and battery, measuring
not over 31 cm high by 21 cm (20.3 cm wide by 12 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(93) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 13-range analog display, measuring not over 28 cm high

by 13 cm wide by 20.3 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(94) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 3-function 11-range LCD digital display, manual-ranging,

for measuring AC/DC voltage and resistance, measuring not over 23 cm high by 13 cm wide by 26 cm deep
(described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(95) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 4-function 14-manual-range LCD digital display, for

measuring AC/DC voltage, resistance and battery, measuring not over 15.5 cm high by 28 cm wide by 28 cm
deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(96) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 4-function 14-range manual-ranging LCD digital display,
for measuring AC/DC voltage, resistance and battery, measuring not over 28 cm high by 15.5 cm wide by 26 cm
deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(97) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 4-function 17-range autoranging LCD digital display, for

measuring AC/DC voltage, resistance, continuity and diode, measuring not over 20.3 cm high by 8 cm wide by
13 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(98) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 5-function 18-range LCD digital display, with 10 megohm

input impedance, for measuring AC/DC voltage, DC current, resistance and diode, measuring not over 13 cm
high by 23 cm wide by 23 cm deep (described in statistical subheading 9030.31.0000)

(99) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 5-function analog display, measuring not over 18 cm

high by 13 cm wide by 20.3 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(100) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 5-function, 12-range analog display, measuring not over

13 cm high by 20.3 cm wide by 18 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(101) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 6-function 14-range manual-range analog display, for
measuring AC/DC voltage, DC current, resistance, decibels and battery, measuring not over 18 cm high by 13
cm wide by 23 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(102) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 7-function 19-range analog display, for measuring AC/DC
voltage, DC current, resistance, continuity, decibel and battery, measuring not over 23 cm high by 64 cm wide by
26 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(103) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 7-function 19-range LCD digital display, for measuring
AC/DC voltage, resistance, continuity, diode, battery and temperature, measuring not over 26 cm high by 26 cm
wide by 15.5 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(104) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 7-function 19-range LCD digital display, measuring not
over 33 cm high by 13 cm wide by 13 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(105) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 7-function 7-range autoranging LCD digital display, for

measuring AC/DC voltage, resistance, diode, continuity, temperature and battery, measuring not over 28 cm high
by 16 cm wide by 26 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(106) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 8-function 28-manual-range LCD digital display, for

measuring AC/DC voltage, current, resistance, continuity, diode and battery, measuring not over 28 cm high by
21 cm wide by 21 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(107) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with 9-function 10-autorange LCD digital display, for measuring

AC/DC voltage, current, resistance, diode and continuity, measuring not over 28 cm high by 21 cm wide by 21
cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 186
U.S. Notes (con.)

(108) Multimeters, without a recording device, hand-held, with autoranging LCD digital display, for measuring AC/DC
voltage up to 600 volts, current up to 10 amperes, continuity and resistance, measuring not over 28 cm high by
23 cm wide by 18 cm deep (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(109) Multimeters, without a recording device, root mean square (RMS) clamp-style, for measuring AC/DC voltage,

AC/DC current, resistance, capacitance and frequency, with 600 V safety rating, designed principally for examining
electrical motors in household appliances and automobiles (described in statistical reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(110) Multimeters, without recording device, to measure voltage, current, resistance or power (described in statistical

reporting number 9030.31.0000)

(111) GPS wireless diagnostic tools, each with a recording device, operating at 150 MHz (described in statistical reporting

number 9030.84.0000)

(112) Skateboards with electric power for propulsion, of a power not exceeding 250 W (described in statistical reporting

number 8711.60.0050)

(113) Multi-phase AC motors of an output of at least 5.8 kW but not exceeding 14.92 kW, each assembled with planetary

gears and a gearbox (described in statistical reporting number 8501.52.4000)

(z)

(aa)

(bb)

(cc)

(dd)

(ee)

(ff)

For purposes of heading 9903.88.21, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03 or 9903.88.09 shall not
apply to entries under subheadings 2202.99.36, 2202.99.37, 5810.91.00, 5810.92.10, 5810.92.90, 5810.99.10,
5810.99.90, 8205.90.60, 8206.00.00, 8215.20.00, 9017.90.01, 9620.00.15, and 9620.00.30, if such entries are subject
to an applied rate of duty under such enumerated subheadings that is derived from another subheading that is subject
to the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01.

For purposes of heading 9903.88.22, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03 or 9903.88.09 shall not
apply to entries under subheadings 2202.99.36, 2202.99.37, 5810.91.00, 5810.92.10, 5810.92.90, 5810.99.10,
5810.99.90, 8205.90.60, 8206.00.00, 8215.20.00, 9017.90.01, 9620.00.15, and 9620.00.30, if such entries are subject
to an applied rate of duty under such enumerated subheadings that is derived from another subheading that is subject
to the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02.

For purposes of heading 9903.88.23, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03 or 9903.88.09 shall not
apply to entries under subheadings 2202.99.36, 2202.99.37, 5810.91.00, 5810.92.10, 5810.92.90, 5810.99.10,
5810.99.90, 8205.90.60, 8206.00.00, 8215.20.00, 9017.90.01, 9620.00.15, and 9620.00.30, if such entries are subject
to an applied rate of duty under such enumerated subheadings that is derived from another subheading that is subject
to the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03 or 9903.88.09.

For purposes of heading 9903.88.24, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03 or 9903.88.09 shall not
apply to entries under subheadings 2202.99.36, 2202.99.37, 5810.91.00, 5810.92.10, 5810.92.90, 5810.99.10,
5810.99.90, 8205.90.60, 8206.00.00, 8215.20.00, 9017.90.01, 9620.00.15, and 9620.00.30, if such entries are subject
to an applied rate of duty under such enumerated subheadings that is derived from another subheading that is subject
to the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.15.

For purposes of heading 9903.88.25, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to entries
under subheadings 2106.90.52, 2106.90.54, 6103.22.00, 6103.23.00, 6103.29.05, 6103.29.10, 6103.29.20, 6104.22.00,
6104.23.00, 6104.29.05, 6104.29.10, 6203.22.30, 6203.29.10, 6203.29.15, 6203.29.20, 6203.29.30, 6204.21.00,
6204.22.30, 6204.23.00, 6204.29.20, 8215.10.00, 9005.90.40, 9005.90.80, 9110.11.00, 9110.90.20, and 9608.50.00,
if such entries are subject to an applied rate of duty under such enumerated subheadings that is derived from another
subheading that is subject to the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01.

For purposes of heading 9903.88.26, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to entries
under subheadings 2106.90.52, 2106.90.54, 6103.22.00, 6103.23.00, 6103.29.05, 6103.29.10, 6103.29.20, 6104.22.00,
6104.23.00, 6104.29.05, 6104.29.10, 6203.22.30, 6203.29.10, 6203.29.15, 6203.29.20, 6203.29.30, 6204.21.00,
6204.22.30, 6204.23.00, 6204.29.20, 8215.10.00, 9005.90.40, 9005.90.80, 9110.11.00, 9110.90.20, and 9608.50.00,
if such entries are subject to an applied rate of duty under such enumerated subheadings that is derived from another
subheading that is subject to the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02.

For purposes of heading 9903.88.27, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to entries
under subheadings 2106.90.52, 2106.90.54, 6103.22.00, 6103.23.00, 6103.29.05, 6103.29.10, 6103.29.20, 6104.22.00,
6104.23.00, 6104.29.05, 6104.29.10, 6203.22.30, 6203.29.10, 6203.29.15, 6203.29.20, 6203.29.30, 6204.21.00,
6204.22.30, 6204.23.00, 6204.29.20, 8215.10.00, 9005.90.40, 9005.90.80, 9110.11.00, 9110.90.20, and 9608.50.00,
if such entries are subject to an applied rate of duty under such enumerated subheadings that is derived from another
subheading that is subject to the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03 or 9903.88.09.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 187

U.S. Notes (con.)

(gg)

(II)

For purposes of heading 9903.88.28, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to entries
under subheadings 2106.90.52, 2106.90.54, 6103.22.00, 6103.23.00, 6103.29.05, 6103.29.10, 6103.29.20, 6104.22.00,
6104.23.00, 6104.29.05, 6104.29.10, 6203.22.30, 6203.29.10, 6203.29.15, 6203.29.20, 6203.29.30, 6204.21.00,
6204.22.30, 6204.23.00, 6204.29.20, 8215.10.00, 9005.90.40, 9005.90.80, 9110.11.00, 9110.90.20, and 9608.50.00,
if such entries are subject to an applied rate of duty under such enumerated subheadings that is derived from another
subheading that is subject to the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.15.

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading
9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Erythritol (CAS No. 149-32-6) (described in statistical reporting number 2905.49.4000)

3-Trifluoromethyl-4-nitrophenol (CAS No. 88-30-2) (IUPAC: 4-nitro-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenol), valued over $16
per kg but not over $25 per kg (described in statistical reporting number 2908.99.8000)

Sebacic acid (CAS No. 111-20-6) (described in statistical reporting number 2917.13.0030)

4,4'-Diamino-2,2'-stilbenedisulfonic acid (CAS No. 81-11-8) (described in statistical reporting number 2921.59.2000)

Ethyl 4-aminobenzoate (CAS No. 94-09-7) (Benzocaine (INN)) (described in statistical reporting number
2922.49.3700)

N-Butyl isocyanate (CAS No. 111-36-4) (described in statistical reporting number 2929.10.2700)

Pigment yellow 13 (CAS No. 5102-83-0) (described in statistical reporting number 3204.17.9050)

Polyethylene terephthalate (PET) film coated with a photoresist solution, in rolls, sensitized, unexposed, without
perforations, of a width exceeding 105 mm but not exceeding 610 mm, not used as graphic arts film (described
in statistical reporting number 3702.44.0160)

Ceiling tiles of cellular polyvinyl chloride (PVC), in rolls, not backed by textile fibers, each measuring 60 cm by 60
cm by 4 mm (described in statistical reporting number 3918.10.5000)

(10) Gaskets, washers and other seals (other than O-rings or oil seals), of nitrile rubber, ethylene propylene diene
monomer (EPDM) rubber or fluoroelastomers (described in statistical reporting number 4016.93.5050)

(11)

Brake bushings, hard or soft (described in statistical reporting number 4016.99.6050)

(12)

Trays, plates and bowls, of bamboo (described in statistical reporting number 4823.61.0040)

(13)

Yarn of carded Merino sheep wool, not put up for retail sale, containing 85 percent by weight of wool, of which
the average fiber diameter is not more than 25 microns (described in statistical reporting number 5106.10.0090)

(14) Woven dyed fabrics of 100 percent textured polyester filament yarn, measuring 332.7 cm in width, weighing more

than 170 g/m2 (described in statistical reporting number 5407.52.2060)

(15) Nonwoven fabrics of man-made fibers, weighing more than 25 g/m2 but not more than 70 g/m2, with a smooth or
embossed texture (not impregnated, coated or covered with material other than or in addition to rubber, plastics,
wood pulp or glass fibers), in rolls that are pre-slitted in lengths of not less than 15 cm to not more than 107 cm,
for use in the manufacture of personal care wipes (described in statistical reporting number 5603.12.0090)

(16)

(17)

Seat belt webbing of man-made fibers, measuring 25 mm or more but not exceeding 50 mm in width, not cut to
specific length (described in statistical reporting number 5806.32.2000)

Imitation leather fabrics, of manmade fibers impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with a minimum of 60
percent polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and 75 percent plastics by weight (described in statistical reporting number
5903.10.2090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 188
U.S. Notes (con.)

(18)

Fabrics of man-made micro-denier fibers impregnated, coated, covered, or laminated with polyurethane, of a
width of at least 135 cm but no more than 150 cm, weighing at least 206 g/m2 but not more than 500 g/m2 (described
in statistical reporting number 5903.20.2500)

(19)

Long pile knit fabrics, of acrylic pile on polyester ground, valued not over $16 per m2 (described in statistical
reporting number 6001.10.2000)

(20) Cement backer boards (CAS No. 1309-48-4) (described in statistical reporting number 6810.99.0080)

(21)

Tiles of non-recycled glass on a vinyl mesh backing, in a grid pattern of not less than 304 mm by 304 mm and
not exceeding 305 mm by 305 mm, for mosaics or other decorative or construction purposes (described in statistical
reporting number 7016.10.0000)

(22) Microscope slides, each 25 mm by 76 mm, with a 25 mm by 25 mm area coated in printable paint (described in

statistical reporting number 7017.90.1000)

(23)

(24)

(25)

(26)

(27)

(28)

Articulated chains of iron, not over 8 mm in thickness and valued not over $2 per m (described in statistical
reporting number 7315.12.0080)

Bolts of alloy steel other than stainless steel, with shanks or threads with a diameter of 6 mm or more, valued not
over $0.05 per piece (described in statistical reporting number 7318.15.8069)

Perforated hollow hex head bolts (“banjo bolts”) of steel other than stainless, with shanks or threads with a diameter
of 6 mm or more, valued not over $0.07 per piece (described in statistical reporting number 7318.15.8069)

Kerosene air heaters, each incorporating a motor-driven fan or blower, each valued at $70 or more but not
exceeding $300 (described in statistical reporting number 7322.90.0015)

Freestanding cast iron bathtubs, without feet, coated with porcelain enamel, each valued over $275 (described
in statistical reporting number 7324.21.5000)

Stamped steel rings, measuring 1.22 mm in thickness and 35 mm in diameter, of a kind used with rubber vibration
bushings in motor vehicle suspensions (described in statistical reporting number 7326.19.0080)

(29)

Portable work table bases (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(30)

Sawhorses of steel, with folding legs, each with a weight capacity of at least 225 kg but not more than 685 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(31) Decorative copper cup rainfall funnels, each weighing not more than 1.5 kg with a chain measuring 20 cm in

length, cups each measuring 80 cm in height, 10 cm in width, 10 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting
number 7419.99.5050)

(32) Nickel hydroxy carbonate (CAS No. 12607-70-4) (described in statistical reporting number 7501.20.0000)

(33)

Aluminum desktop stands for laptop computers (described in statistical reporting number 7616.99.5190)

(34)

Extension wrenches (described in statistical reporting number 8204.11.0060)

(35)

Parallel clamps with jaws not more than 10 cm wide (described in statistical reporting number 8205.70.0090)

(36) Drill bits of steel, consisting of three legs that are welded together with each leg containing rotating cones, for use

in drilling for oil and natural gas (described in statistical reporting number 8207.19.3060)

(37) Cylindrical cemented tungsten carbide rod blanks, containing by weight 60 percent or more of tungsten carbide,
30 percent or less of cobalt, and 15 percent or less of nickel (described in statistical reporting number 8209.00.0030)

(38)

(39)

Brake pad clips, of stainless steel, for motor vehicles of headings 8703 and 8704 (described in statistical reporting
number 8302.30.3060)

Fifteen-door refrigerated lockers designed to convey pre-ordered groceries to consumers, measuring not over 80
cm in depth by 230 cm in length by 35 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8418.50.0080)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 189

U.S. Notes (con.)

(40) Nine-door refrigerated lockers designed to convey pre-ordered groceries to consumers, measuring not over 80

cm in depth by 230 cm in length by 35 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8418.50.0080)

(41)

Pressure washers (described in statistical reporting number 8424.30.9000)

(42) Cash drawers for cash registers of subheading 8470.50 (described in statistical reporting number 8473.29.0000)

(43)

Ball valves, of bronze, designed for use in marine engines, generators and air conditioners, in sizes from 6 mm
NPT/BSPP [National Pipe Thread/British Standard Parallel Pipe] to 102 mm NPT/BSPP (described in statistical
reporting number 8481.80.1085)

(44) Hand operated butterfly valves, of iron, lever operated, designed for use in irrigation systems, such valves each
measuring not over 34 cm by 13 cm by 34 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.3030)

(45) Hand operated butterfly valves, of iron, lever operated, designed for use in irrigation systems, such valves each
measuring not over 34 cm by 13 cm by 40 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.3030)

(46) Hand operated butterfly valves, of iron, lever operated, designed for use in irrigation systems, such valves each
measuring not over 46 cm by 18 cm by 50 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.3030)

(47) Hand operated butterfly valves, of iron, lever operated, designed for use in irrigation systems, such valves each
measuring not over 55 cm by 58 cm by 18 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.3030)

(48) Hand operated butterfly valves, of iron, lever operated, designed for use in irrigation systems, such valves each
measuring not over 65 cm by 61 cm by 19 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.3030)

(49)

(50)

(51)

Faucets of brass, designed for use on centerset and widespread lavatory sinks (described in statistical reporting
number 8481.80.5060)

Fan-forced, portable electric space heaters, each having a power consumption of not more than 1.5 kW and
weighing more than 1.5 kg but not more than 17 kg, whether or not incorporating a humidifier or air filter (described
in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0030)

Fan-forced, portable electric space heaters, each having a power consumption more than 900 W but not more
than 1.6 kW and weighing more than 1.5 kg but not more than 17 kg, whether or not incorporating a humidifier
or air filter (described in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0030)

(52)

Electric fireplace inserts and free-standing electric fireplace heaters, rated at 5,000 British thermal units (BTUs)
(described in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0090)

(53)

Electric fireplaces, weighing not more than 55 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0090)

(54) Mobile wi-fi hotspots (described in statistical reporting number 8517.62.0020)

(55) Magnetic security tags and labels (described in statistical reporting number 8531.90.9001)

(56)

(57)

Printed circuit boards, plastics impregnated, not flexible, having a base wholly of impregnated glass, with fewer
than 3 layers of conducting materials, valued over $2 but not over $4.25 each (described in statistical reporting
number 8534.00.0040)

Programmable gas ignition safety controls, each measuring at least 4 cm but not more than 5 cm in height, at
least 6 cm but not more than 9 cm in width, and not more than 14 cm in depth, weighing at least 190 g but not
more than 250 g, and valued not over $15 each, of a kind used in water heaters for recreational vehicles (described
in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9160)

(58) Gas ignition control relighters, each measuring 5 cm by 4 cm by 10 cm, and weighing not more than 100 kg, of

a kind used in gas burner systems or propane vaporizers (described in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

(59) Gas ignition safety controls, each measuring at least 3 cm but not more than 6 cm in height, at least 9 cm but not
more than 12 cm in width, and at least 13 cm but not more than 14 cm in height, weighing at least 200 g but not
more than 400 g, and valued not over $26 each, of a kind used in patio heaters, agricultural heaters, or clothes
dryers (described in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 190
U.S. Notes (con.)

(60) Hybrid signal processing apparatus capable of connecting to a wired or wireless network for the mixing of sound

(described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9100)

(62)

(62)

Insulated electric conductors for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, fitted with connectors of a kind used for
telecommunications, each valued over $0.35 but not over $2 (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.2000)

Insulated electric conductors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, fitted with connectors (other than of a kind
used for telecommunications, other than extension cords as defined in statistical note 6 to chapter 85), such
conductors measuring not less than 8 m and not more than 10 m in length, incorporating a connector on one end
and a weather-resistant compartment and cover designed to house 4 AA batteries on the other end (described
in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(63)

Safety seat belts of the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, each valued over $3.50 but not over $4.50
(described in statistical reporting number 8708.21.0000)

(64)

Seat belt retractor assemblies without a ratchet mechanism (described in statistical reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(65) Cast iron parts of differential dampers for motor vehicles of heading 8703 (described in statistical reporting number

8708.50.8100)

(66) Road wheels for the vehicles of heading 8703, of A 356 aluminum, each measuring at least 50.8 cm but not more
than 66.04 cm (20 inches to 26 inches) in diameter and at least 25.4 cm but not more than 40.64 cm (10 inches
to 16 inches) in width (described in statistical reporting number 8708.70.4545 prior to January 1, 2020; described
in statistical reporting number 8708.70.4546 effective January 1, 2020 ) [Compiler's note--metric measurements
only should be reported; the tariff schedule does not use English units]

(67) Clutch covers and discs of steel for the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (other than for tractors suitable

for agricultural use) (described in statistical reporting number 8708.93.7500)

(68)

Anti-vibration control components of ASTM A519 1020 cold-drawn precision mechanical tubing of steel, valued
over $0.40 each but not over $0.80, for motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (other than for tractors suitable
for agricultural use) (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(69)

Bicycle frames, of carbon fiber, valued not over $600 each (described in statistical reporting number 8714.91.3000)

(70) Mobile bases, of which the length of the sides can be adjusted, with a capacity of 182 kg or more but not exceeding

680 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8716.8050.90)

(71) Unmounted lenses for rifle scopes, rangefinders and spotting scopes (described in statistical reporting number

9001.90.4000)

(72) Clear rectangular filter cover lenses, unmounted, of allyl diglycol carbonate for arc welding helmets, each measuring

50 mm by 110 mm or measuring 115 mm by 135 mm (described in statistical reporting number 9001.90.9000)

(73)

(74)

(75)

Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, consisting of a kit including a housing for
mounting to a pole with an integrated tightening knob and an extension cord measuring not less than 8 m and
not more than 10 m in length (described in statistical reporting number 9015.90.0190)

Battery-powered timers, with clock or watch movements, with opto-electronic display only, incorporating a
360-degree rotating timer control, a start/stop control, a reset control and an audible alarm, with a maximum time
count of 9 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds (described in statistical reporting number 9106.90.5510)

Battery-powered timers, with clock or watch movements, with opto-electronic display only, incorporating an audible
alarm, with dimensions not exceeding 10 cm by 10 cm by 5 cm, weighing no more than 60 grams (described in
statistical reporting number 9106.90.5510)

(76)

Foot assemblies of base metal and rubber, designed for folding chairs (described in statistical reporting number
9401.90.5081)

(77) Wooden jewelry armoires, each weighing over 13 kg but not over 28 kg, measuring 101 cm in height by 44 cm

in width by 30 cm in depth, with 8 drawers (described in statistical reporting number 9403.50.9080)

(78) Wooden jewelry armoires, each weighing over 13 kg but not over 28 kg, measuring 102 cm in height by 46 cm

in width by 30 cm in depth, with 7 drawers (described in statistical reporting number 9403.50.9080)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 191

U.S. Notes (con.)

(79)

(80)

Bassinets, composed of polyester fabric with frames of steel tubing, each measuring 86 cm in length by 51 cm
in width by 88 cm in height, weighing not more than 11 kg, with drop-side rail and adjustable height legs on wheels
(described in statistical reporting number 9403.89.6003)

Bassinets, composed of polyester fabric with frames of steel tubing, each measuring 86 cm in length by 52 cm
in width by 81 cm in height [and] weighing not more than 11 kg, or 100 cm in length by 65 cm in width by 81 cm
in height [and] weighing 13 kg, with drop-side rail and wheels (described in statistical reporting number
9403.89.6003)

(81)

Bassinets, composed of polyester fabric with frames of steel tubing, each measuring 91 cm in length and 72 cm
in width, weighing not more than 13 kg, with drop-side rail, adjustable height legs on wheels, presented with
hanging toys and musical mobile (described in statistical reporting number 9403.89.6003)

(82)

Infant bassinets, of metal, plastic and fabric, measuring not over 80 cm by 30 cm by 30 cm (described in statistical
reporting number 9403.89.6003)

(83) Desk or table top computer monitor sit/stand workstations, each valued over $100 (described in statistical reporting

number 9403.90.8061)

(mm) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading
9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

8409.91.3000

8708.50.9500

Floor coverings of polyvinyl chloride, presented in the form of tiles or planks designed to snap together during
installation (described in statistical reporting number 3918.10.1000)

Vinyl floor tiles of polymers of vinyl chloride, designed to click together during installation, each measuring 4.7
mm or more but not over 8 mm in thickness, 18 cm or more but not over 23 cm in width and 120 cm or more but
not over 182 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 3918.10.1000)

Vinyl floor tiles of polymers of vinyl chloride, designed to click together during installation, measuring 7 mm in
thickness, 18 cm or more but not over 19 cm in width and 120 cm or more but not over 125 cm in length (described
in statistical reporting number 3918.10.1000)

Dog leads, collars, harnesses, retractable leads, muzzles, and head halters of nylon, polyester or soy-based
webbing of various sizes, with or without tie out cables and aerials of iron or steel (described in statistical reporting
number 4201.00.3000); cat leads, harnesses, retractable leads, muzzles and head halters of nylon, polyester or
soy-based webbing of various sizes (described in statistical reporting numbers 4201.00.6000), and cat collars
(described in statistical reporting numbers 4201.00.3000 or 4201.00.6000)

Standard wood moldings, of oak (described in statistical reporting number 4409.29.4100)

Engineered flooring, of oak, consisting of a 1.2 mm thick oak veneer top layer, 5.8 mm stone-plastic composite
core and a 2 mm polyethylene backing, such flooring coated with aluminum oxide, measuring not over 191 cm
long by 19 cm wide by 0.9 cm thick (described in statistical reporting number 4412.99.5105)

Flooring panels constructed of a hardwood veneer measuring 0.6 mm or more but not over 1.2 mm in thickness
laminated onto a waterproof stone-polymer composite base, with the thickness of each panel between 5 mm and
7.5 mm, with tongue and groove mechanism for installation and an attached foam pad (described in statistical
reporting number 4412.99.5105)

(10)

Assembled fence sections, of reeds held together with rows of wire, each section measuring 1.8 m or more but
not over 1.9 m in height and 4.5 m or more but not over 4.6 m in width, or measuring not over 1.3 m in height and
not over 2.5 m in width (described in statistical reporting number 4421.91.7020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 192
U.S. Notes (con.)

(11) Rigid boxes of paperboard weighing 1.2 kg per m2 covered with paper with a decorative design, each presented

with hang tag, a handle and two imitation leather straps with snaps, such boxes measuring 21 cm or more but
not over 23 cm in height, 31 cm or more but not over 33 cm in length and 5 cm or more but not over 9 cm in depth
(described in statistical reporting number 4819.50.4040)

(12)

(13)

Silk fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or of silk waste other than noil silk, the foregoing not
printed, not jacquard woven, measuring over 127 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number
5007.20.0065)

Silk fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or of silk waste other than noil silk, the foregoing not
printed, not jacquard woven, measuring 107 cm or more but not over 127 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 5007.20.0085)

(14) High tenacity single yarn of polyester multifilament, of 554 decitex or more but not over 556 decitex, with twist of

5 turns or more per meter (described in statistical reporting number 5402.20.3030)

(15)

Sinks, of cast iron enameled with porcelain (described in statistical reporting number 7324.90.0000)

(16)

(17)

Portable drill presses for use with hand drills of subheading 8467.21 (described in statistical reporting number
8467.99.0190)

Static converters designed for wireless (inductive) charging of telecommunication apparatus (described in statistical
reporting number 8504.40.8500)

(18) Gas ignition safety controls, measuring 3.8 to 5.3 cm in height, 6.4 to 10.1 cm in width and 13.2 to 13.9 cm in

depth; weighing 160 g to 380 g each; and valued not over $26 each; of a kind used in patio heaters, agricultural
heaters or clothes dryers (described in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

(19)

Extension cords, as defined in statistical note 6 to chapter 85, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each with a
receptacle at one end and a male plug at the other with prongs perpendicular to the rest of the cord, the plug
under a cover of plastics measuring 115 mm in length and 70 mm in width (described in statistical reporting number
8544.42.9010)

(20) Casters, with diameter (including, where appropriate, tires) of 20 cm or more but not over 23 cm (described in

statistical reporting number 8716.90.3000)

(21)

(22)

(23)

(24)

Bicycle speedometers designed to be handlebar mounted, wired, with a digital display, capable of measuring the
following seven variables: current speed, average speed, maximum speed, trip distance, total distance, elapsed
time and time (described in statistical reporting number 9029.20.2000)

Folding chairs with frames of steel and/or aluminum, each measuring 30 cm or more but not over 97 cm in width,
20 cm or more but not over 89 cm in depth and 30 cm or more but not over 117 cm in height (described in statistical
reporting number 9401.79.0015)

Foldable stools with frames of steel or aluminum, each measuring not over 30.5 cm in width, 26 cm in depth and
39 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0035)

Fiberboard sheets, containing phenolic resin, each not exceeding 0.635 mm in thickness (described in statistical
reporting number 4411.93.9090)

(25) Circular knitted fabrics of polyester and spandex, printed, other than of double knit or interlock construction, on

rolls (described in statistical reporting number 6006.34.0080)

(26) Cutting pliers, each weighing 90 g or more but not over 545 g, measuring not over 32 cm in length, not over 10.5

cm in width and not over 3 cm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 8203.20.6030)

(27)

Bolt-on tips of carbon alloy steel of a kind used in tub or horizontal grinders (described in statistical reporting
number 8207.90.7585)

(28)

Tool tips, strips and sticks of tungsten carbide (described in statistical reporting number 8209.00.0030)

(29) Mountings, each weighing less than 2 kg, designed for use in motor vehicles primarily used for amusement,

recreation, sporting and off-road transportation classified in heading 8703 or motorcycles in heading 8711 (described
in statistical reporting number 8302.30.3060)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 193

U.S. Notes (con.)

(30) Ratcheting chain, rope or cable hoists, other than skip hoists or hoists of a kind used for raising motor vehicles,
such hoists not powered by an electric motor (described in statistical reporting number 8425.19.0000)

(31) Ultrasonic cleaners, with tanks of stainless steel and of a liquid capacity not over 32 liters (described in statistical

reporting number 8479.89.9485)

(32)

Static converters of a kind used to charge telecommunication apparatus in cars or homes, valued not over $2
each (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

(33)

Electrical insulators of glass (described in statistical reporting number 8546.10.0000)

(34) Road wheels of aluminum for motor vehicles of subheading 8703.21.01, each measuring 30 cm or more but not
over 51 cm in diameter and 14 cm or more but not over 28 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number
8708.70.4545 prior to January 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 8708.70.4546 effective January
1, 2020)

(35) Drive shafts, also known as propeller shafts, that connect a transmission to a differential, allowing a vehicle to

move, designed for use in the manufacture of motor vehicles primarily used for amusement, recreation, sporting
and off-road transportation classified in heading 8703 (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.6805)

(36)

Tension pole shower caddies, each of which adjusts to a height not to exceed 305 cm, and consists of 5 steel
poles, 3 steel wire baskets and small plastic parts to hold the shelves on the poles (described in statistical reporting
number 9403.20.0050)

(nn)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading
9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

Candy lollipops, not containing cocoa, such goods put up for retail sale in packings in the form of a larger plastic
lollipop, each comprising a spheroid container with a major axis of 14 cm and a minor axis of 11 cm, with and a
plastic stick measuring 22 cm in length inserted in the bottom of the container, with the container portion wrapped
in printed plastic film cinched at the container's bottom by a printed hang tag (described in statistical reporting
number 1704.90.3550)

Sodium metal (CAS No. 7440-23-5), in bulk solid form (described in statistical reporting number 2805.11.0000)

Plastic trays, of a kind used for retail packaging, custom vacuum formed from polyvinyl chloride or polystyrene
sheets (0.45 to 0.9 mm in thickness), each measuring 7.62 cm or more but not over 53.34 cm in length, 17.15
cm or more but not over 42.55 cm in width, and 3.18 cm or more but not over 15.24 cm in depth (described in
statistical reporting number 3923.10.9000)

Nonelectrical graphite sheets, flexible, measuring 1,000 mm in length, 1,000 mm in width, and 0.8 mm or more
but not exceeding 1.5 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 6815.10.0100)

Grinding beads of yttria-stabilized zirconia (described in statistical reporting number 6909.11.2000)

Tube or pipe sleeves (couplings) of alloy steel (except stainless steel), threaded, each weighing 0.19 kg or more
but not over 18.2 kg, measuring 305 cm in length, measuring 1.2 cm or more but not over 10.2 cm in diameter,
UL listed (described in statistical reporting number 7307.92.3030)

Butt welding tube or pipe elbows of galvanized steel, each weighing 0.19 kg or more but not over 17 kg, measuring
12 mm or more but not over 102 mm in inside diameter, UL listed (described in statistical reporting number
7307.93.6000)

Foldable stepladders of steel, each with 2, 3 or 4 steps and safety latch, with load capacity of 90 kg or more but
not over 140 kg (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8660)

(9)

Flat panel display mounting adapters of base metal (described in statistical reporting number 8302.50.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 194
U.S. Notes (con.)

(10)

Telescoping curtain rod sets put up for retail sale, each set including two or more cylindrical telescoping rods, two
or more wall brackets capable of affixing the rods to building components, all the foregoing of steel, and two or
more rod finials of resins or other plastics, the foregoing not including mechanisms for opening or closing curtains
(described in statistical reporting number 8302.41.6050)

(11)

Electric display cases incorporating refrigerating equipment designed for commercial use, each with a glass front
to display the food or drink being stored (described in statistical reporting number 8418.50.0080)

(12) Wireline bridge plug assemblies for use in oil and gas fields, compliant with Specification 11D1 of the American
Petroleum Institute (API), each composed of cylindrically shaped, sand cast, cast iron components with a nitrile
rubber sealing element and brass element backup rings, measuring 3.7 cm or more but not over 52 cm in diameter
and 30 cm or more but not over 72 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8479.89.9450)

(13)

(14)

(15)

(16)

(17)

Vacuum cleaners, bagless, upright, capable of operating in wet mode or dry mode, each with self-contained
electric motor of a power not exceeding 1,500 W and having a tank capacity not over 4 liters (described in statistical
reporting number 8508.11.0000)

Vacuum cleaners, bagless, upright, each with self-contained electric motor of a power not exceeding 1,500 W
and having a dust receptacle capacity not exceeding 1 liter (described in statistical reporting number 8508.11.0000)

Starter motors for internal combustion gasoline engines designed for use in the lawn, automotive, watercraft,
motorcycle, industrial and garden industries (described in statistical reporting number 8511.40.0000)

EGR coolant tube assemblies of stainless steel for diesel powered vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (described
in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180) [Compiler's note: "EGR" likely references "exhaust gas
recirculation".]

Bicycles, not motorized, each having aluminum- or magnesium- alloy wheels both measuring more than 69 cm
but not more than 71 cm in diameter, tires of cross-sectional diameter of 3.5 cm, aluminum frame, a
polyurethane/carbon fiber cord drive belt, 3-, 7- or 12-speed rear hub and twist shifter (described in statistical
reporting number 8712.00.2500)

(18)

Single-speed bicycles meeting the criteria of HTS subheading 8712.00.44, each having steel frame, with aluminum
stems, rims and crankset and with rider contact area of plastics, each bicycle weighing not over 11.5 kg (described
in statistical reporting number 8712.00.4400)

(19) Carts (other than industrial hand trucks and portable luggage carts) that convert into ladders, each weighing not
more than 15 kg, measuring not more than 105 cm by 56 cm by 11 cm (described in statistical reporting number
8716.80.5090)

(20) Dump carts, each with a steel frame, a plastic bed and four pneumatic tires on wheels, with a capacity not exceeding

681 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8716.80.5090)

(21) Canoes (other than of wood or of metal) each valued over $800, not of a type designed to be principally used

with motors or sails (described in statistical reporting number 8903.99.0500)

(22)

(23)

Folding chairs with aluminum frames, each comprising a seat of polyester ripstop fabric and polyester netting and
an aluminum frame, weighing not more than 600 g (described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0015)

Folding tables designed for camping, each composed of a polyester ripstop fabric top designed to assemble onto
an aluminum frame, the foregoing when opened for use measures 53.34 cm x 41.91 cm x 36.83 and weighs under
0.9 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0050)

(24) Outdoor tables of steel and aluminum, each measuring no more than 93 cm by 93 cm by 63 cm, incorporating a

built-in gas-burning fire pit (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0050)

(25)

(26)

Foldable cots with frames of steel and/or aluminum, each with sleeping surface of polyester or nylon fabric, each
cot measuring 185 cm or more but not over 230 cm in length, 70 cm or more but not over 105 cm in width and 7
cm or more but not over 58 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

Foldable tables with frames of steel and/or aluminum, each measuring 25 cm or more but not over 156 cm in
length, 30 cm or more but not over 80 cm in width and 37 cm or more but not over 113 cm in height, with a tabletop
surface of aluminum (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 195

U.S. Notes (con.)

(27)

(28)

(29)

(30)

(31)

(32)

Electric household floor-standing lamps, of base metal other than brass, each measuring 1.22 m or more but not
over 2.59 m in height, with an E26 socket (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.6010)

Electric household floor-standing lamps, of base metal other than brass, each measuring 77 cm or more but not
over 232 cm in height with light-emitting diode (LED) lamp as light source (described in statistical reporting number
9405.20.6010)

Electric household table or desk lamps, of base metal other than brass, each measuring 25 cm or more but not
over 92 cm in height with an E26 socket (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.6010)

Electric household table or desk lamps, of base metal other than brass, each measuring 38 cm or more but not
over 87 cm in height, with light-emitting diode (LED) lamp as light source and featuring an AC outlet, a charging
pad or USB port designed for the charging of electronic devices (described in statistical reporting number
9405.20.6010)

Electric household floor-standing lamps, of wood, each measuring 115 cm or more but not over 210 cm in height,
with an E26 socket (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

Electric household table or desk lamps, of wood, each measuring 25 cm or more but not over 80 cm in height,
with an E26 socket (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(oo)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading
9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

(12)

(13)

0304.72.5000

0304.83.1015

0304.83.1020

0304.83.5090

8507.20.4000

8708.50.8500

8708.94.7510

8708.99.8105

8712.00.1520

Bananas, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a net weight of 15 g (described
in statistical reporting number 0803.90.0045)

Apples, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a net weight of 15 g (described in
statistical reporting number 0813.30.0000)

Peaches, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a net weight of 15 g (described
in statistical reporting number 0813.40.4000)

Pears, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a net weight of 15 g (described in
statistical reporting number 0813.40.9000)

(14) Mixtures of strawberries and bananas, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a

net weight of 15 g (described in statistical reporting number 0813.50.0020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 196
U.S. Notes (con.)

(15) Mixed seasoning of Himalayan salt, tomato flake, lemon peel, basil, black pepper and sage, put up for retail sale

in packages each weighing 200 g (described in statistical reporting number 2103.90.8000)

(16) Molded blocks of wood pulp cellulose sponge, each measuring not over 105 cm by 105 cm by 40 cm (described

in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0040)

(17)

Satin woven fabrics of artificial filament yarn, consisting of 63 percent rayon and 37 percent combed cotton, dyed,
weighing not over 211 g/m2 (described in statistical reporting number 5408.32.9050)

(18) Nonwoven rug pads, each comprising a 100 percent polyester fiber fabric, face laminated to a thermoplastic

elastomer and weighing over 150 g/m2 (described in statistical reporting number 5603.94.1090)

(19) Ropes of man-made fibers, each measuring 1.7 m or more but not over 6.1 m in length with breaking strength of
22 kg or more but not over 230 kg, with hooks of base metal and locking mechanisms to maintain tension on the
rope (described in statistical reporting number 5609.00.3000)

(20) Gates for confining children or pets, of steel not coated or plated with precious metals (described in statistical

reporting number 7323.99.9040)

(21)

(22)

(23)

Steel electrical boxes, designed for lighting fixtures, switches, receptacles or outlet devices, such boxes weighing
0.4 kg or more but not over 3.5 kg, 10.2 cm in length or more, 5 cm or more but not over 10.2 cm in width and 12
cm in height, the foregoing UL listed (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

Telescoping multi-position ladders of aluminum, each with maximum reach height of 4.2 m or more but not over
7.9 m, with locks to adjust the telescoping positions and with load rating of 136 kg or more but not over 170 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 7616.99.5130)

Towers of aluminum, unassembled, each designed to be mounted on a boat, incorporating at least one point to
which a tow rope may be fastened for towing individuals participating in water sports such as wakeboarding, the
assembled tower measuring not over 1.9 m in height and no more than 2.5 m in width (described in statistical
reporting number 8302.49.6055)

(24)

Towers of aluminum, unassembled, each designed to be mounted on the body of a boat, incorporating a tow point
for towing individuals participating in water sports such as wakeboarding, the assembled tower measuring not
over 1.6 m in height and not over 2.5 m in width (described in statistical reporting number 8302.49.6055)

(25) Digital electronic scales, not for personal use, not for continuous weighing, other than constant-weight scales,
each measuring no more than 195 mm by 165 mm by 60 mm, having a maximum weight capacity of 5 kg, and
having the ability to reset tare (zero point reset) multiple times while adding to the article being weighed (described
in statistical reporting number 8423.81.0040)

(26)

(27)

(28)

(29)

(30)

Electronic calculators for desktop use, solar-powered with battery backup (other than with engineering, trigonometric,
scientific or construction functions), each measuring 11 cm or more but not over 25 cm in length, 7 cm or more
but not over 19.5 cm in width, and 1 cm or more but not over 5 cm in height and weighing 0.058 kg or more but
not over 0.34 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8470.10.0040)

Electronic calculators, handheld, solar-powered or battery powered (other than with engineering, trigonometric
or scientific functions), each measuring 10 cm or more but not over 16 cm in length, 5 cm or more but not over 9
cm in width, and 0.5 cm or more but not over 2 cm in height and weighing 0.02 kg or more but not over 1 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 8470.10.0040)

Electronic calculators, handheld, solar-powered or battery powered, with scientific, trigonometric or other advanced
mathematical functions, each measuring 11 cm or more but not over 18 cm in length, 6.5 cm or more but not over
9 cm in width and 1 cm or more but not over 3 cm in height and weighing 0.04 kg or more but not over 0.25 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 8470.10.0040)

Electronic calculating machines, each incorporating a 2 color ink roller printing device, that operates with an
external source of power, with a vacuum fluorescent display (VFD), measuring 24 cm or more but not over 27 cm
in length, 18 cm or more but not over 21 cm in width and 5 cm or more but not over 7 cm in height and weighing
0.5 kg or more but not over 1.5 kg each (described in statistical reporting number 8470.21.0000)

Electronic calculating machines, each incorporating a parallel ribbon ink printing device, that operates with an
external source of power, with a vacuum fluorescent display (VFD), measuring 31.75 cm or more but not over
34.3 cm in length, 21.5 cm or more but not over 25.4 cm in width and 7.5 cm or more but not over 9 cm in height
and weighing 1.6 kg or more but not over 2 kg each (described in statistical reporting number 8470.21.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 197

U.S. Notes (con.)

(31)

(32)

Electronic calculating machines, each incorporating a ribbon ink printing device, that operates with an external
source of power, with a vacuum fluorescent display (VFD), measuring 32 cm or more but not over 35 cm in length,
22 cm or more but not over 26 cm in width and 8 cm or more but not over 9 cm in height and weighing 1.75 kg
or more but not over 2 kg each (described in statistical reporting number 8470.21.0000)

Electronic calculating machines, each incorporating an ink roller printing device, capable of operating with an
external source of power or battery power, with liquid crystal display (LCD), measuring 19 cm or more but not
over 26.5 cm in length, 8 cm or more but not over 20 cm in width and 4 cm or more but not over 7 cm in height
and weighing 0.3 kg or more but not over 0.7 kg each (described in statistical reporting number 8470.21.0000)

(33) Other static converters, rectifiers and rectifying apparatus, with ABS plastic damage resistant box, input and output

voltage cables, weighing not more than 0.35 kg, measuring not more than 17 cm in length and 12 cm in width
(described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.9550)

(34)

(35)

(36)

Light-emitting diode (LED) headlights, light bars and cube lights, of a kind designed to be mounted on off-road,
all-terrain vehicles (described in statistical reporting number 8512.20.2040)

Brake drums of grey cast iron for the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (other than tractors for agricultural
purposes), with an inside diameter of 38 cm or more but not over 42 cm (described in statistical reporting number
8708.30.5020)

Brake discs of grey cast iron for the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (other than tractors for agricultural
purposes), with an outside diameter of 32 cm or more but not over 44 cm (described in statistical reporting number
8708.30.5030)

(37) Wheel hubs of cast iron, for off-road vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, each weighing 2 kg or more but not

exceeding 4 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.5300)

(38) Upholstered dining chairs, with a wooden frame, other than of teak (described in statistical reporting number

9401.61.4011)

(39) Chairs with three legs, with frames of steel held together by elastic cord and textile seating material, for outdoor

non-household use (described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0015)

(40) Chairs, each with four legs, a frame of aluminum held together by elastic cord and textile seating material, for

outdoor non-household use (described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0015)

(41)

(42)

(43)

Entry tables of wood other than bent-wood, each measuring 180 cm or more but not over 185 cm in length, 80
cm or more but not over 83 cm in height and over 40 but not over 45 cm in width, with tin top (described in statistical
reporting number 9403.60.8081)

8-light circular electric household chandeliers, of base metal other than brass (described in statistical reporting
number 9405.10.6010)

Electric household table lamps, with bases of wood, presented with shades, not more than 64 cm in height, each
weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(44) Non-electrical wall candelabras, of wood, each with 3 wrought iron candle holders (described in statistical reporting

number 9405.50.4000)

(pp)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading
9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

8712.00.1510

8712.00.1550

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 198
U.S. Notes (con.)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Nonwoven wipes, impregnated with organic surfactant preparations of a kind used to remove hair-color stains
from the skin, put up for retail sale in canisters each containing 100 wipes (described in statistical reporting number
3401.11.5000)

Endless synchronous belts of vulcanized rubber, molded polyurethane, neoprene, or welded urethane, each of
an outside circumference of 60 cm or more but not more than 77 cm and a width of 2.5 cm or more but not
exceeding 4 cm, weighing 0.18 kg or more but not exceeding 0.45 kg (described in statistical reporting number
4010.35.9000)

Briefcases with outer surface of leather, each measuring no more than 37 cm by 45 cm by 17 cm (described in
statistical reporting number 4202.11.0030)

Storage containers of paulownia wood, each measuring 8 cm or more but not over 41 cm in width, 8 cm or more
but not over 41 cm in depth and 9 cm or more but not over 41 cm in height (described in statistical reporting
number 4420.90.8000)

Woven fabric of 100 percent textured polyester filaments, dyed, weighing more than 170 g/m2, measuring not
more than 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.52.2060)

Woven fabric of synthetic filament yarn containing 85 percent or more by weight of textured polyester filaments,
dyed, measuring 249 cm in width, weighing more than 170 g/m2 (described in statistical reporting number
5407.52.2060)

Woven dupioni fabric wholly of non-textured dyed polyester filaments, weighing not more than 170 g/m2, measuring
not more than 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.61.9930)

(10) Woven fabric wholly of polyester, dyed, not flat, containing non-textured polyester filaments, weighing not more

than 170 g/m2,measuring not over 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.61.9930)

(11) Woven fabric wholly of polyester, dyed, containing non-textured polyester filaments, weighing more than 170
g/m2, measuring not over 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.61.9935)

(12) Woven fabric containing by weight 47 percent of nylon and 53 percent of polyester, dyed, containing textured
filaments, weighing not more than 170 g/m2, measuring greater than 274 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 5407.72.0015)

(13) Woven dyed fabrics wholly of spun polyester, weighing more than 240 g/m2 and measuring not more than 310

cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5512.19.0090)

(14) Woven dyed 3-thread twill fabrics containing by weight 65 percent of polyester and 35 percent of cotton staple

fibers, not napped, weighing more than 200 g/m2 and exceeding 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting
number 5514.22.0020)

(15)

Storage containers of twisted paper rope, each measuring not less than 8 cm but not more than 39 cm in length,
not less than 8 cm but not more than 39 cm in width and not less than 9 cm but not more than 57 cm in height
(described in statistical reporting number 5609.00.4000)

(16) Woven dyed embroidery fabrics containing by weight 55 percent of polyester and 45 percent of nylon, weighing

less than 115 g/m2 and measuring 289 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5810.92.9080)

(17)

(18)

(19)

Vault doors of stamped, welded and powder-coated 12-gauge carbon steel, each measuring 2 m or more in height,
81 cm or more but not more than 92 cm in width and 7.7 cm in thickness, each fitted with nine locking bolts, a
slip-clutch handle and a programmable electric lock with keypad, with mechanical key override, presented with
matching door frame (described in statistical reporting number 7308.30.5050)

Steel staples suitable for use in powder-actuated handtools, not threaded, each weighing 37 g or more but not
over 41 g, measuring 2.8 cm or more but not over 12.7 cm in height, 6.4 cm or more but not over 7.4 cm in width
and 3.3 cm or more but not over 12.2 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 7317.00.2000)

Safes of 16 gauge carbon steel, each stamped, welded and powder-coated, with a programmable electric lock
with keypad, mechanical key override, measuring 27 cm or more but not over 33 cm in length, 21 cm or more but
not over 23 cm in width and 6 cm or more but not over 23 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number
7323.99.9080)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 199

U.S. Notes (con.)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(23)

Fish tapes of steel and plastics, each weighing 516 g or more but not over 3,810 g and measuring no greater than
46 cm by 34 cm by 5 cm (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

Steel clamps with rubber insulation, each weighing not more than 45.4 grams and measuring not more than 26
mm in height, not more than 54 mm in width and not more than 97 mm in depth (described in statistical reporting
number 7326.90.8688)

Telescoping poles of steel, spring loaded, with ends of plastic, each measuring not less than 127 cm but not more
than 314 cm in height and not more than 2.6 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

Awning casting endplates, of aluminum, weighing not less than 0.1 kg, measuring not less than 17 cm in length,
not less than 10 cm in width and not less than 1 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 7610.90.0080)

(24) Decorative cast aluminum endcaps, of a kind used with structural elements of roof-mounted patio awnings for

recreational vehicles (RVs), each measuring not more than 19 cm in length, not more than 11.5 cm in width and
not more than 3 cm in thickness, weighing not more than 0.15 kg each (described in statistical reporting number
7610.90.0080)

(25) Clips of aluminum shaped like the letter "J", with the diameter of the loop not exceeding 13 mm, each with a hole

drilled through the long part of the "J" (described in statistical reporting number 7616.99.5190)

(26)

(27)

Telescoping poles of aluminum, spring loaded, with ends of plastic, each measuring not less than 1.5 m but not
more than 3.7 m in height and 2.9 cm or more but not exceeding 3.6 cm in diameter (described in statistical
reporting number 7616.99.5190)

Awning casting pivots, of zinc coated aluminum, weighing not less than 0.6 kg, measuring not less than 9 cm in
length, not less than 6 cm in width and not less than 4 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number
7907.00.6000)

(28) Hand tools of steel, similar to pliers, each capable of crimping, stripping and cutting wire, weighing at least 170
g or more but not exceeding 460 g, and measuring not more than 26 cm by jaw opening size of 30 cm by 11 cm
by 2.5 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8203.20.6060)

(29) Hand tools of steel similar to pliers, designed for crimping electrical connectors and cutting wire, each weighing
333 g and measuring no more than 26 cm by 11 cm by 2.5 cm (described in statistical reporting number
8203.20.6060)

(30) Cutting parts for rock drilling or earth boring tools, each containing by weight over 0.2 percent of chromium,

molybdenum or tungsten or over 0.1 percent of vanadium (described in statistical reporting number 8207.19.3090)

(31)

Sets of flatware of stainless steel, containing no article plated with precious metal, put up for retail sale (described
in statistical reporting number 8215.20.0000)

(32) Hydraulic valve lifters of steel with rollers, suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion
piston engines (other than for aircraft engines, marine propulsion engines or for vehicles of subheading 8701.20,
or headings 8702, 8703 or 8704), each measuring 5 cm or more but not over 13 cm in length and 2.5 cm or more
but not over 3.9 cm in diameter and weighing 135 g or more but not over 410 g (described in statistical reporting
number 8409.91.9990)

(33)

Solid valve lifters of steel, suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines
(other than for aircraft engines, marine propulsion engines or for vehicles of subheading 8701.20, or headings
8702, 8703 or 8704), each measuring 19 mm or more but not over 114 mm in length and 6 mm or more but not
over 26 mm in diameter and weighing 20 g or more but not over 250 g (described in statistical reporting number
8409.91.9990)

(34) Hand pumps (other than for fuel or lubricants, not fitted or designed to be fitted with a metering device), each
used to dispense a metered quantity of liquid soap or sanitizer (described in statistical reporting number
8413.20.0000)

(35)

Lubricating pumps for internal combustion piston engines (described in statistical reporting number 8413.30.9060)

(36) Hand- or foot-operated air pumps, each weighing 400 g or more but not over 3 kg, with a maximum pressure of
1.52 MPa, imported with adapters for valves for tires and inner tubes (described in statistical reporting number
8414.20.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 200
U.S. Notes (con.)

(37)

(38)

(39)

(40)

Ventilation fans for motor vehicles, consisting of a 12 V DC reversible multispeed electric motor drawing 5 A, with
axial fan blade, electrically operating baffle, electric keypad and circuit board and wire mesh screen, measuring
no more than 36 cm by 36 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6540)

Ventilation fans for motor vehicles, consisting of a 12 V DC single speed electric motor drawing 5 A, with axial
fan blade, manual baffle, rotary switch and wire mesh screen, measuring no more than 36 cm by 36 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6540)

12 V fans of a kind used to disperse fragrance oils, measuring over 10 but not over 11 cm in diameter (described
in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6595)

Portable air compressors, each delivering under 0.57 cubic meters per minute (described in statistical reporting
number 8414.80.1685)

(41) Winches powered by an electric motor, each weighing 9 kg or more but not exceeding 14 kg, with a pulling capacity
of 1,130 kg or more but not exceeding 2,730 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8425.31.0100)

(42) Winches powered by an electric motor, each with a pulling capacity of 4,300 kg or more but not exceeding 7,940

kg (described in statistical reporting number 8425.31.0100)

(43) Ratchet tie down straps, each consisting of straps of textiles measuring not less than 25 mm and not more than
105 mm in width and not more than 12.5 m in length, steel hooks at opposite ends of the straps and a gear and
pawl mechanism for adjusting the length of the whole (described in statistical reporting number 8479.89.9499)

(44) Wireless battery chargers for mobile phones, each in the form of a picture frame incorporating a wireless charger

or a stand incorporating a wireless charger that permits the mobile phone to be charged while standing on end
(described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

(45)

Alternators for motor vehicle charging systems (described in statistical reporting number 8511.50.0000)

(46)

Alarms to be installed in motor vehicles, each of which provides either a warning sound or a warning sound and
a flashing light when a motor vehicle is being operated in reverse (described in statistical reporting number
8512.30.0040)

(47)

Projectors ("trumpets") of plastics for air horns (described in statistical reporting number 8512.90.2000)

(48) Color video cameras for use with microscopes, each camera with C-mount lens mount, weighing not more than
87 g, measuring not more than 109 mm in length and 31 mm in diameter, presented with a cable measuring not
more than 1.5 m in length (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010)

(49) Digital color video cameras for use with microscopes, each camera with 10 megapixel resolution, weighing not

more than 175 g, measuring 63 mm by 37 mm in length, presented with USB cable, reduction lens, eyepiece
adapters, software CD and calibration slide (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010)

(50) Digital color video cameras for use with microscopes, each camera with autofocus, C-mount lens mount, 1080p
resolution, weighing not more than 450 g, measuring not more than 67 mm by 67 mm by 81 mm, presented with
AC power adapter and power cable (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010)

(51) Ultraviolet lamps used for skin tanning purposes, packaged for retail sale and weighing more than 5 kg but less

than 10 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8539.49.0040)

(52) Hand held, battery-powered electrical devices that administer transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS)
and electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) via adhesive electrode pads attached to the skin (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.8500)

(53)

Insulated conductors, not of a kind used for telecommunications, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each with
polyvinyl chloride (PVC) covers and connectors at each end in bundles of 3, 5 or 6 for use in connecting patients
to monitoring devices (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(54)

Electrical insulators ("wire nuts") of plastics and steel (described in statistical reporting number 8546.90.0000)

(55) Motor mount kits each consisting of 3 to 5 components, each of stainless-steel or aluminum combined with a heat
resistant rubber material and with holes machined for mounting the engine to the car or truck body, designed for
use in aftermarket automotive repair (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.5500)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 201

U.S. Notes (con.)

(56) Wear bars comprising strips of carbide for the vehicles of 8703.10.10 (described in statistical reporting number

8708.99.8180)

(57)

Bicycle saddles, each having a cover of plastics, man-made textile fabrics or a combination of the two (described
in statistical reporting number 8714.95.0000)

(58) Compound binocular optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for

photomicrography, cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding
1,000X, weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(59) Compound optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for photomicrography,
cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding 400X, weighing
not more than 15 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(60)

Stackable upholstered metal chairs for religious worship settings, capable of interlocking with each other, each
with attached holders and racks (described in statistical reporting number 9401.71.0031)

(61) Hunting stands of steel or aluminum (including ladder stands, pod stands, hang-on stands and climbing stands),
each of which allows one or more hunters to ascend to a height and sit while waiting for game animals to appear
(described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0035)

(62)

Parts of chairs of unfinished plywood, including bodies, legs and arms (described in statistical reporting number
9401.90.4080)

(63) Chair frames of metal, each with integral bookshelf, capable of being stacked (described in statistical reporting

number 9401.90.5081)

(64)

Folding wheeled trays, each having a fixed height of no more than 90 cm and a tray measuring not more than 37
cm by 40 cm (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

(65) Wheeled trays, each with 5 wheels, 3 bowls of plastic with suction cup bottoms and adjustable height from 65 cm

to 108 cm (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

(66)

(67)

(68)

(69)

(70)

(71)

(72)

(73)

Baby crib liners, each composed of two pieces of multi-layer warp polyester knit mesh without any padding, one
measuring no more than 29 cm by 283 cm and the other measuring no more than 29 cm by 210 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 9403.90.6005)

Flexible strips having embedded light-emitting diodes electrically connected to a molded electrical end connector,
each strip wound onto a reel measuring not more than 25 cm in diameter and not more than 1.5 cm in width
(described in statistical reporting number 9405.40.8440)

Light boxes, each measuring not more than 32 cm by 58 cm by 12 cm, weighing less than 10 kg, with two biaxial
fluorescent lamps that provide light therapy for seasonal and sleep disorders (described in statistical reporting
number 9405.40.8440)

Ventilation fans for motor vehicles, consisting of a 12 V DC non-reversible multiple speed electric motor drawing
5 A, with axial fan blade, electric keypad and circuit board and wire mesh screen, measuring no more than 36 cm
by 36 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6540)

Ventilation fans for motor vehicles, consisting of a 12 V DC non-reversible multiple speed electric motor drawing
5 A, with axial fan blade, keypad and circuit board and wire mesh screen, measuring no more than 36 cm by 36
cm (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6540)

Ventilation fans for motor vehicles, consisting of a 12 V DC non-reversible multiple speed electric motor drawing
5 A, with axial fan blade, keypad or remote control and circuit board and wire mesh screen, measuring no more
than 36 cm by 36 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6540)

Ventilation fans for motor vehicles, consisting of a 12 V DC non-reversible multiple speed electric motor drawing
5 A, with axial fan blade, network control system and wire mesh screen, measuring no more than 36 cm by 36
cm (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6540)

Ventilation fans for motor vehicles, consisting of a 12 V DC reversible multiple speed electric motor drawing 5 A,
with axial fan blade, electric keypad and circuit board and wire mesh screen, measuring no more than 36 cm by
36 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6540)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 202
U.S. Notes (con.)

(qq)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading
9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

8425.31.0100

8708.93.7500

Alaskan sole (yellowfin, rock or flathead), frozen in blocks, in cases with net weight of more than 4.5 kg (described
in statistical reporting number 0304.83.5015)

0304.83.5015

Alaskan plaice, frozen in blocks, in cases each with net weight of more than 4.5 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 0304.83.5020)

0304.83.5020

Slipper lobster meat (Ibicus ciliatus), frozen, raw, whether whole or in pieces, put up for sale in bags each with a
net weight of not more than 2.27 kg (described in statistical reporting number 0306.19.0061)

King crab meat, frozen in blocks each weighing at least 1 kg but not more than 1.2 kg, in airtight containers
(described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2010)

Snow crab meat (C. opilio), frozen in blocks, in airtight containers each with net weight of not more than 1.2 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2022)

(10) Dungeness crab meat, frozen in blocks, in airtight containers with net weight of not more than 1.2 kg (described

in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2030)

(11) Crab meat (other than King crab, Snow crab, Dungeness or swimming crabs), frozen in blocks, in airtight containers

with net weight of not more than 1.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2090)

(12)

Synthetic silica gel, in granules measuring 0.25 to 0.6 mm in diameter, put up in retail packaging, of a kind used
for drying and preserving flowers (described in statistical reporting number 2811.22.1000)

(13) Nitrous oxide (dinitrogen monoxide) (CAS No. 10024-97-2), pressurized to 250 bars in cylindrical, zinc-coated,

steel cartridges, each measuring not more than 18.1 mm in diameter and not more than 65.6 mm in length,
containing not more than 8.3 g of nitrous oxide (described in statistical reporting number 2811.29.5000)

(14)

Fertilizer, derived from soybeans, powdered, put up in bags each with net weight of 23 kg, of which 14 percent
by weight is nitrogen (N) and containing no phosphorus (P) or potassium (K) (described in statistical reporting
number 3101.00.0000)

(15)

Laundry detergent powder, put up for retail sale, whether as powder or as water-soluble, pre-measured pods
(described in statistical reporting number 3402.20.1100)

(16) Herbicide consisting of 1,1'-dimethyl-4,4'-bipyridinium dichloride (CAS No. 1910-42-5) (Paraquat concentrate in
liquid form) up to 45 percent concentration with application adjuvants (described in statistical reporting number
3808.93.1500)

(17)

Supported nickel-based catalysts, of a kind used for methanation, desulfurization, hydrogenation, pre-reforming
or reforming of organic chemicals or for protection of hydrotreating catalysts from arsine poisoning (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.11.0000)

(18)

Supported catalysts for high-temperature shift reactions for ammonia, hydrogen, and methanol, with carbon
monoxide or carbon dioxide as the active ingredients (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(19)

Supported catalysts for polymerization (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 203

U.S. Notes (con.)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(23)

(24)

Supported catalysts of copper oxide or zinc oxide as the active ingredients for arsine removal (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000) [Compiler's note: provision corrected retroactively but not currently
in effect; see 88 F.R. 8987]

Supported catalysts with alumina as the active substance for chlorine removal (described in statistical reporting
number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with copper carbonate or zinc carbonate as the active ingredients for low temperature
desulfurization (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with metal sulfide as the active substance for mercury removal (described in statistical reporting
number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with molybdenum compounds as the active substance for hydrogenation (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(25)

Supported catalysts with zinc oxide as the active substance (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(26)

(27)

Floor coverings of polymers of vinyl chloride, with a rigid core of wood powder composite, with planks glued
together, each measuring not less than 115 cm but not more than 130 cm in length (described in statistical reporting
number 3918.10.1000)

Bags of plastic certified by the Biodegradable Products Institute as being compostable, each measuring 43 cm
or more but not more than 107 cm in width and 45 cm or more but not more than 122 cm in length, of sheet or
film measuring 0.02 mm or more but not more than 0.056 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting
number 3923.29.0000)

(28) New pneumatic tires of rubber of a kind used on bicycles, each having a carbon steel wire-reinforced bead and

weighing not more than 2.27 kg each (described in statistical reporting number 4011.50.0000)

(29)

(30)

(31)

(32)

(33)

(34)

Seamless disposable gloves of acrylonitrile butadiene rubber, other than for surgical or medical use (described
in statistical reporting number 4015.19.1010)

Seamless disposable gloves of natural rubber latex, other than for surgical or medical use (described in statistical
reporting number 4015.19.1010)

Bags of woven nylon with leather trim, each having a metal slide fastener and a locking mechanism on one end
of the bag to prevent the slide fastener from opening, measuring 11 cm or more but not more than 20 cm in length,
5 cm or more but not more than 9 cm in width and 7 cm or more but not more than 12 cm in height (described in
statistical reporting number 4202.22.8100)

Zippered containers with outer surface of polyester fabric, each measuring not over 170 mm by 95 mm by 30 mm,
with clear touch-sensitive polyvinyl chloride front window, such containers mounted on armband (described in
statistical reporting number 4202.92.9100)

Poles, finials, tiebacks and similar drapery hardware of wood (described in statistical reporting number
4421.99.9780)

Paper and paperboard printed labels, personalized, not lithographic, on matte self-adhesive stock, with foil
embellishments, each measuring 2 cm or more but not more than 6 cm in diameter, on sheets measuring not
more than 21 cm in width and not more than 29 cm in length, packaged in a sealed direct mail package (described
in statistical reporting number 4821.10.4000)

(35) Drinking straws of paper, each measuring 12.5 cm or more but not more than 26.5 cm in length and 5 mm or

more but not more than 10 mm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 4823.90.8600 prior to July
1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 4823.90.8680 effective July 1, 2020)

(36) Dyed sateen fabric containing artificial staple fibers, measuring 292.1 cm in width (described in statistical reporting

number 5516.92.0060)

(37) Rugs of 100 percent polyester or polypropylene, with brass grommets and stainless steel springs, each measuring
at least 44 cm by 45 cm but not exceeding 56 cm by 59 cm (described in statistical reporting number 5705.00.2030)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 204
U.S. Notes (con.)

(38)

Fabrics of 100 percent polyester, silicone coated, of a kind suitable for upholstery, weighing more than 90 g/m2,
meeting ASTM International standard G21, American Association of Textile Chemists and Colorists (AATCC)
standards 147-2004 and 30 and Chemical Fabric & Film Association (CFFA) standard 141 method II (described
in statistical reporting number 5903.90.2000)

(39) Cullet of clear soda-lime glass to be used for the production of continuous filament mats (described in statistical

reporting number 7001.00.5000)

(40) Glass shells fitted for incorporation into glass insulators for use in the transmission of electricity (described in

statistical reporting number 7006.00.4050 or 7020.00.6000)

(41) Rear-view mirrors of convex glass for motor vehicles, each measuring not less than 1.75 mm and not more than

2.4 mm in thickness, not less than 125 mm and not more than 210 mm in length, not less than 97 mm and not
more than 180 mm in width, weighing not less than 74 g and not more than 188 g (described in statistical reporting
number 7009.10.0000)

(42) Rear-view mirrors of flat glass for motor vehicles, each measuring not less than 1.75 mm but not more than 2.4
mm in thickness, not less than 163 mm but not more than 210 mm in length, not less than 107 mm but not more
than 167 mm in width and weighing not less than 80 g but not more than 188 g (described in statistical reporting
number 7009.10.0000)

(43) Non-woven fiberglass and polyester composite panels, each panel measuring not less than 120 cm by 242 cm,
and not less than 2 mm but not more than 10 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number
7019.39.1090)

(44)

(45)

Bent bolts, tube nuts, of cold-heading quality carbon steel, measuring 18.75 mm in length and 19.50 mm in outside
diameter (described in statistical reporting number 7318.15.2046)

Furnace manifold and orifice holder assemblies of steel, with an internal thread and welded flat plate with screw
holes, measuring not less than 15 cm in length, not less than 8 cm in width, and not less than 10 cm in height
(described in statistical reporting number 7321.90.6060)

(46) Cable hooks of steel, each weighing not less than 0.2 kg, measuring not less than 9 cm in length, not less than
5 cm in width and not less than 1 cm in height with spring loaded closure gate (described in statistical reporting
number 7326.90.8688)

(47) Registers, grills and diffusers of steel, of the type used for duct openings of heating and ventilating systems

(described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(48)

Awning stabilizer kits, each comprising two zinc-plated steel constructed spiral stakes with two rolls of cord or two
pull-tension straps, weighing not more than 2 kg (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(49)

Toilet paper holders of brass with chrome or nickel finish (described in statistical reporting number 7418.20.1000)

(50) Hole saw cups, tungsten carbide tipped or bi-metal, measuring not less than 18.5 mm but not more than 166 mm

in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 8202.99.0000)

(51)

(52)

(53)

(54)

(55)

Sockets of zinc-plated alloy steel to fit 19 mm hex, each with quick-connect shaft, weighing not more than 250 g
(described in statistical reporting number 8204.20.0000)

Stamping dies of A2 or D2 tool steel, each measuring not less than 60 cm by 60 cm by 32 cm and not more than
370 cm by 155 cm by 125 cm, weighing not less than 1,360 kg or more but not more than 5,450 kg, of a kind
suitable for stamping steel or aluminum (described in statistical reporting number 8207.30.6032)

Ladder hooks and supports of polyethylene coated steel suitable for carrying waste tanks of recreational vehicles,
each weighing not more than 2 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8302.30.3060)

Push bars of aluminum for screen doors of recreational vehicles, each adjustable in length from not less than 500
mm to not more than 825 mm, weighing not more than 600 g (described in statistical reporting number
8302.30.3060)

Awning roller bar hanging mountings of polyvinyl chloride for recreational vehicles, each with S-hook hangers
having a capacity of not more than 7 kg, weighing not more than 200 g (described in statistical reporting number
8302.41.9080)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 205

U.S. Notes (con.)

(56) Hand pumps for liquids (other than those of subheading 8413.11 or 8413.19) of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene

(ABS) plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8413.20.0000)

(57) Hand-operated pumps, weighing no less than 350 g and no more than 360 g each, designed to inflate or deflate

sports balls (described in statistical reporting number 8414.20.0000)

(58)

(59)

(60)

(61)

Sewing machines, not of the household type, not specially designed to join footwear soles to uppers; each such
machine weighing 45 kg or more but not over 140 kg, suitable for sewing leather (described in statistical reporting
number 8452.29.9000)

Bath and shower faucets of copper, each consisting of a valve in which the temperature of the water exiting the
faucet is controlled by an adjustable thermostat set to the user's desire, having a pressure rating under 850 kPa
(described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.1020)

Bath and shower faucets of copper, each consisting of a valve to control flow of water, with one inlet port and one
outlet port, having a pressure rating under 850 kPa (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.1020)

Bath and shower faucets of copper, each consisting of a valve to direct flow of water, with one inlet port and two
outlet port, having a pressure rating under 850 kPa (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.1020)

(62) Hand-operated shower faucets of copper, having a pressure rating under 850 kPa (described in statistical reporting

number 8481.80.1020)

(63) Water pressure balance valves of brass, each with 1.91 cm inlet and 1.27 cm outlets (described in statistical

reporting number 8481.80.1020)

(64) Water pressure balance valves of copper, each with 1.27 cm inlets and 1.27 cm outlets (described in statistical

reporting number 8481.80.1020)

(65) Water pressure balance valves of copper, each with 1.91 cm inlets and 1.91 cm outlets (described in statistical

reporting number 8481.80.1020)

(66)

(67)

(68)

Faucets of copper having a pressure rating under 850 kPa, for sink and lavatories, each to be deck-mounted
through one hole (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.1030)

Faucets of copper having a pressure rating under 850 kPa, for sinks and lavatories, each to be deck-mounted
through three holes of which the distance between the centers of the outermost holes is 20.3 cm (described in
statistical reporting number 8481.80.1030)

Faucets of brass having a pressure rating under 850 kPa, for sinks and lavatories, each to be wall-mounted
through two holes of which the distance between the centers of the holes is 20.3 cm (described in statistical
reporting number 8481.80.1030)

(69)

Supply stops of brass, each with 1.91 cm inlet and 1.91 cm outlet (described in statistical reporting number
8481.80.1040)

(70) Hand-operated valves of plastics, each comprising a bottle lid, drinking spout and flavor dispensing valve (described

in statistical reporting number 8481.80.5090)

(71) Hand-operated valves of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) plastic, each a hand operated, quarter-turn ball
valve, threaded at one end to receive male end of U.S. garden hose (described in statistical reporting number
8481.80.5090)

(72)

(73)

Pressure regulating valves of brass, adjustable, each threaded to fit U.S. garden hose, having a maximum input
pressure setting of 1.1 MPa, weighing no more than 750 g (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.9015)

AC fan motors, single phase, of an output not exceeding 500 W, with motor and shaft measuring not more than
40 cm in length, specially designed for the heat pump of a recreational vehicle (described in statistical reporting
number 8501.40.4040)

(74)

Solar-powered battery chargers, each consisting of an ABS plastic housing, a solar panel charger and a 6 V or
12 V sealed lead acid battery (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.9550)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 206
U.S. Notes (con.)

(75)

Printed circuit board assemblies of a kind used in motor vehicle lighting systems (described in statistical reporting
number 8512.90.6000)

(76) Game calling devices, imported with or without remote control devices, used in hunting to simulate the sound of

animals to attract game (described in statistical reporting number 8519.81.3020)

(77)

(78)

(79)

(80)

Printed circuit boards, each with a base wholly of plastics impregnated glass, not flexible, with 4 layers of copper
(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0020)

Printed circuit boards, each with a base wholly of plastics impregnated glass, not flexible, with 2 layers of copper
(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0040)

Floor-mounted receptacles conforming to types 1-15R, 5-15R or 5-20R of the National Electrical Manufacturers
Association (NEMA) (described in statistical reporting number 8536.69.8000)

Locking adapter plugs, each with National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA) type 5-15P plug and
NEMA type SS2-50R receptacle, NEMA type 5-15P plug and NEMA type L5-30R receptacle, NEMA type TT-30P
plug and NEMA type SS2-50R receptacle or NEMA type TT-30P plug and NEMA type L5-30R receptacle, for
connecting to standard 15 A and 30 A residential outlets and power pedestals (described in statistical reporting
number 8536.69.8000)

(81) Male electrical plugs of polycarbonate plastics with brass terminals, each conforming to types TT-30P or 14-50P
of the National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA), with a handle in the shape of a loop (described in
statistical reporting number 8536.69.8000)

(82)

(83)

Extension cords of copper wire with polyvinyl chloride (PVC) sheaths, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each
measuring at least 9 m but not longer than 16 m in length, with National Electrical Manufacturers Association
(NEMA) type 5-15P plug on one end and NEMA type 5-15R receptacle on the other (described in statistical
reporting number 8544.42.9010)

Extension cords of copper wire with polyvinyl chloride (PVC) sheaths, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each
measuring at least 4 m but not longer than 16 m in length, with National Electrical Manufacturers Association
(NEMA) type TT-30P plug on one end and NEMA type TT-30R receptacle on the other or NEMA type 14-50P
plug on one end and NEMA type 14-50R receptacle on the other, with handles on each end in the shape of loops
(described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(84) Cup holder assemblies, designed to be incorporated in the vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (described in

statistical reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(85) Devices for mounting phones on motor vehicle interiors without a Universal Serial Bus (USB) charging port

(described in statistical reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(86) Hitches receivers of steel, not suitable for towing applications, each receiver to be clamped onto the rear bumper
of a recreational vehicle, such bumpers being square in section and measuring not more than 102 mm on a side
(described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(87)

(88)

(89)

Tank holders of steel, designed to be mounted to the external rear bumper of a recreational vehicle, to safely
secure portable holding tanks while the vehicle is in motion (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

Bicycles, not motorized, each having both wheels exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, fixed gearing and a coaster
brake (described in statistical reporting number 8712.00.3500)

Bicycles, not motorized, having both wheels exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, each having no more than three
speeds and a coaster brake (described in statistical reporting number 8712.00.3500)

(90) Wheeled trailers suitable for towing behind an adult bicycle, each comprising a frame of aluminum with a hitch

mechanism, weighing not more than 17.5 kg, with a capacity of not more than 46 kg, with those trailers designated
for carrying children meeting ASTM International standard F1975 (described in statistical reporting number
8716.40.0000)

(91)

Kayaks of high-density polyethylene, not inflatable (described in statistical reporting number 8903.99.0500)

(92)

Electrical levels, each with four indicator lights that change from red to green when the surface on which the
device rests is horizontal (described in statistical reporting number 9015.30.4000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 207

U.S. Notes (con.)

(93) Digital electronic balances of 5 cg or better sensitivity, battery powered, with outer housings of plastic, furnished

with bowls or stainless steel platforms (described in statistical reporting number 9016.00.2000)

(94) Hand-held card counters, each consisting of a plastic case containing a circuit board, rechargeable battery and

controls, weighing less than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9029.10.8000)

(95) Upholstered seats with wooden frames other than chairs, not of cane, osier, bamboo or similar materials, each
measuring at least 144 cm but no more than 214 cm in width, at least 81 cm but no more than 89 cm in height
and at least 81 cm but not more than 163 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 9401.61.6011)

(96) Covers or shell liners of textile material, cut and sewn to shape, for the seats of heading 9401 (described in

statistical reporting number 9401.90.5021)

(97)

(98)

Parts of seats (other than of seats of a kind used for motor vehicles or of bent-wood seats), consisting of fabric
material cut to shape, including liner parts, partially sewn, with zippered cushions, weld cords or piping (described
in statistical reporting number 9401.90.5021)

Parts of seats (other than of seats of a kind used for motor vehicles or of bent-wood seats), consisting of leather
cut to shape, including liner parts, partially sewn, with zippered cushions, weld cords or piping (described in
statistical reporting number 9401.90.5081)

(99) Household furniture of metal and high-pressure laminated bamboo (other than ironing boards, furniture for infants

or children or bed frames) (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0050)

(100) Lockers, of steel (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0050 or 9403.20.0078)

(101) Display racks of powder coated steel, whether or not on casters, whether or not with LED lighting, each measuring
at least 60 cm but not more than 125 cm in length, at least 60 cm but not more than 125 cm in width and at least
130 cm but not more than 225 cm in height, with slanted shelves with a lip at the front edge of each that measures
3 cm or more in height (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0080 prior to July 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 9403.20.0081 effective July 1, 2019)

(102) Display tables of steel, each measuring not less than 92 cm but not more than 254 cm in width, not less than 46
cm but not more than 221 cm in depth and not less than 66 cm but not more than 120 cm in height, with a steel
lip around the entire top perimeter edge measuring not more than 3 cm in height, with plastic risers (described in
statistical reporting number 9403.20.0080 prior to July 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number
9403.20.0081 effective July 1, 2019)

(103) Household furniture of high-pressure laminated bamboo, other than babies' or children's furniture (described in

statistical reporting number 9403.82.0015)

(104) Bassinets, composed of polyester fabric with frames of steel tubing and partial solid wood rails, each measuring
86 cm by 51 cm by 86 cm, weighing 12 kg, with adjustable height legs on wheels (described in statistical reporting
number 9403.89.6003)

(105) Parts of lockers, of steel (described in statistical reporting number 9403.90.8041)

(106) Ceiling luminaires of aluminum, with light-emitting diodes (LEDs), measuring at least 26 cm but not exceeding 39
cm in diameter, operating at 120 V or more but not exceeding 277 V, other than for household use (described in
statistical reporting number 9405.10.6020)

(107) Troffers of aluminum incorporating light-emitting diodes (LEDs), measuring no more than 61 cm by 122 cm, other

than for household use (described in statistical reporting number 9405.10.6020)

(108) Troffers of aluminum incorporating light-emitting diodes (LEDs), measuring no more than 61 cm by 61 cm, with
selectable correlated color temperature, other than for household use (described in statistical reporting number
9405.10.6020)

(109) Electric household floor-standing lamps, of base metal other than brass, each measuring not more than 2 m in

height (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.6010)

(110) Electric household table or desk lamps, of base metal other than brass, each measuring not more than 92 cm in

height (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.6010)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 208
U.S. Notes (con.)

(111) Electric household floor-standing lamps, of crystal, each measuring more than 36 cm but not more than 200 cm

in height (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(112) Electric household table or desk lamps, of ceramics, each measuring not more than 92 cm in height (described

in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(113) Electric household table or desk lamps, of concrete, each measuring not more than 92 cm in height (described

in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(114) Electric household table or desk lamps, of crystal, each measuring not more than 92 cm in height (described in

statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(115) Electric household table or desk lamps, of glass, each measuring not more than 92 cm in height (described in

statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(116) Electric household table or desk lamps, of marble, each measuring not more than 92 cm in height (described in

statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(117) Electric household table or desk lamps, of polyester resin or plastics, each measuring not more than 92 cm in

height (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(118) Outdoor lighting sets, each containing 6 or 10 polycarbonate bulb sockets (described in statistical reporting number

9405.40.8410)

(119) Flexible strips, each having embedded light-emitting diodes electrically connected to a molded electrical end

connector, each strip wound onto a reel measuring not more than 25 cm in diameter and not more than 1.5 cm
in width (described in statistical reporting number 9405.40.8440)

(rr)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.15
shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the following enumerated statistical
reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(1)

(2)

(ss)

3401.19.0000

3926.90.9910

4015.19.0510

4015.19.0550

4818.90.0000 prior to July 1, 2020; 4818.90.0020 or 4818.90.0080 effective July 1, 2020

6210.10.5000

6307.90.6090

6307.90.6800

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading
9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

6505.00.8015

Titanium dioxide (CAS No. 13463-67-7) (described in statistical reporting number 2823.00.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 209

U.S. Notes (con.)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

D-Ribose (CAS No. 50-69-1) (described in statistical reporting number 2940.00.6000)

Mechanical articles for motor vehicles, of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber, each comprising a guide or
a stopper for a sunroof or sunshade and weighing not more than 4 g (described in statistical reporting number
4016.99.6010)

Stuff sacks with outer surface of textiles of man-made fibers, each measuring 77.5 cm or more but not over 127.7
cm in circumference, cylindrical in shape with a single compartment, a drawstring closure at one end and a strap
at the other end of the sack (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

Covers, of leather, designed for use with telecommunication devices (described in statistical reporting number
4205.00.8000)

Two-layer wood flooring consisting of a non-coniferous wood veneer measuring at least 0.6 mm but not more
than 1.2 mm in thickness laminated to a single-layer base of fiberboard, each board measuring at least 9 cm but
not more than 21 cm in width, at least 35 cm but not more than 1.9 m in length and at least 5 mm but not more
than 12 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 4412.99.5105)

Desk accessories of medium density fiberboard, painted or stained, including but not limited to desk organizers,
letter trays, business card holders, incline files, pencil cups, note holders, corner shelves, monitor risers, magazine
holders, book ends and storage caddies, each weighing at least 0.06 kg but not more than 5.5 kg, measuring at
least 10 cm but not more than 35 cm in length, at least 4 cm but not more than 43 cm in width and at least 4.5
cm or more but not more than 30 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 4420.90.8000)

Fabrics wholly of cotton, unbleached, plain weave, weighing not more than 100 g/m², of numbers 43 to 68
("cheesecloth"), 3-layer folded and crimped, less than 28 cm wide after folding and crimping, compliant with
standards of Aerospace Management Services (AMS) (described in statistical reporting number 5208.11.4090)

Fabrics wholly of cotton, bleached, plain weave, weighing not more than 100 g/m², of numbers 43 to 68
("cheesecloth"), compliant with standards of Aerospace Management Services (AMS) (described in statistical
reporting number 5208.21.4090)

(11) Woven fabrics of synthetic filament yarn, dyed, weighing more than 280 g/m2 but not more than 420 g/m2 (described

in statistical reporting number 5407.92.2090)

(12)

Sheeting fabrics containing less than 85 percent by weight of artificial staple fibers, mixed mainly or solely with
cotton, such artificial staple fibers derived from wood, printed (described in statistical reporting number
5516.44.0022)

(13) Non-woven fabrics of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), in sheets measuring not more than 160 cm by 250 cm,
weighing more than 1,800 g/m2but not more than 3,000 g/m2 (described in statistical reporting number 5603.94.9090)

(14)

(15)

(16)

(17)

(18)

Fabrics wholly of polyester, warp knit, bonded to a plain weave backing fabric, measuring not more than 141 cm
in width, weighing over 271 g/m2, of a kind used to upholster furniture (described in statistical reporting number
6001.92.0010)

Knitted or crocheted fabrics of artificial staple fibers derived from bamboo (described in statistical reporting number
6003.40.6000)

Fabrics wholly of polyester, warp knit, printed, bonded to a woven backing wholly of polyester, weighing not less
than 290 g/m2 but not more than 500 g/m2, of a kind used to upholster furniture (described in statistical reporting
number 6005.39.0080)

Portable outdoor cooker kits, consisting of at least a burner and stand made from steel and/or cast iron, with an
adjustable pressure regulator/hose combination for connecting the burner to a source of natural gas or a portable
container of liquefied propane (described in statistical reporting number 7321.11.1060)

Sewer hose supports constructed of flat strips of aluminum measuring 0.3 cm in thickness and riveted together
to extend and retract accordion-style, each not exceeding 4.6 m when extended and weighing not more than 1.5
kg (described in statistical reporting number 7616.99.5150)

(19) Clamp edge components of aluminum, with injection molded clamp heads and levers, measuring not less than

60 cm but not more than 127 cm in length, with extensions to 254 cm in length (described in statistical reporting
number 7616.99.5190)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 210
U.S. Notes (con.)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(23)

Shovels of aluminum, each of adjustable length measuring not less than 65 cm but not more than 85 cm, weighing
less than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8201.10.0000)

Automotive polishing attachments specially designed for use with a hand-held drill, each attachment including a
9.5 mm steel drive shaft, internal gear assembly, transverse hand brace and rotating disk components (described
in statistical reporting number 8207.90.7585)

Articulating video monitor mounting assemblies of steel and aluminum, each weighing not less than 1.5 kg but
not more than 9.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8302.50.0000)

Fuel filters for internal combustion engines, each consisting of a cylindrical case of plastics with an internal mesh
filter measuring not more than 8 cm in length and not more than 5.5 cm in diameter (described in statistical
reporting number 8421.23.0000)

(24) Digital electronic scales (other than counting scales or retail scales) having a maximum weighing capacity not

exceeding 30 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8423.81.0040)

(25)

(26)

Jacks of steel with zinc coating for supporting the tongues of trailers, each measuring not less than 60 cm in
retracted condition and not less than 85 cm in extended condition, with a maximum width of 17 cm and a maximum
load capacity of 455 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8425.49.0000)

Lottery ticket vending terminals, each terminal including a touchscreen monitor, barcode scanner,
Wi-fi/Ethernet/Bluetooth connectivities, six USB ports, two LAN ports and two serial ports (described in statistical
reporting number 8470.90.0190)

(27) Hand-operated flat-back gate valves of cast iron, designed for use with irrigation canals, diversion ditches and

the like (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.3010)

(28) Hand-operated spigot-back gate valves of cast iron, for irrigation canals, diversion ditches and the like (described

in statistical reporting number 8481.80.3010)

(29)

(30)

(31)

(32)

(33)

(34)

(35)

AC motors, single phase, each of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 335 W, measuring not more
than 13 cm in diameter and not more than 13 cm in height and with a shaft measuring not more than 39 cm in
length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4040)

48 V rectifiers for telecommunications wireline and wireless apparatus, each with output of not less than 2,400
W but not more than 3,000 W, measuring not more than 45 mm by 105 mm by 330 mm, weighing not more than
2 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

48 V rectifiers for telecommunications wireline and wireless apparatus, each with output of not less than 4,000
W but not more than 4,600 W, measuring not more than 165 mm by 95 mm by 305 mm, weighing not more than
4 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

48 V rectifiers for telecommunications wireline and wireless apparatus, each with output of not more than 1,200
W output, measuring not more than 50 mm by 90 mm by 260 mm, weighing not more than 1 kg (described in
statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

Power supplies for cable networks, that convert 120 V/60 Hz AC input to either 63 V AC or 87 V AC output, each
measuring not more than 200 mm by 425 mm by 270 mm and weighing not more than 27.5 kg, containing printed
circuit board assemblies, a transformer, and an oil filled capacitor (described in statistical reporting number
8504.40.8500)

Power supplies for cable networks, that converts 120 V/60 Hz AC or 230 V/50 Hz AC input to 63 V AC or 87 V
AC output, each measuring not more than 220 mm by 244 mm by 200 mm and weighing not more than 12 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

Power supplies for fiber optic communications equipment, that convert 120-240 V AC to 12 V DC, each measuring
no more than 170 mm by 200 mm by 115 mm and having four LED indicators (described in statistical reporting
number 8504.40.8500)

(36) Quad output power modules with cut-outs on one side for air flow, each containing a printed circuit board and 4
LED indicators, with external dimensions measuring not more than 361 mm by 125 mm by 75 mm, each weighing
not more than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 211

U.S. Notes (con.)

(37)

(38)

(39)

(40)

Power supplies with a power output exceeding 150 W but not exceeding 180 W, 120 V, each measuring no more
than 90 mm by 395 mm by 625 mm (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.9530)

Power supplies, each with 120 V AC input and output, measuring not more than 485 mm by 385 mm by 260 mm,
weighing not more than 15 kg, to provide not more than 660 W of power in an uninterruptible manner in the event
that a normal source of power fails (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.9540)

Power supplies, each with 120 V AC input and output, measuring not more than 530 mm by 355 mm by 205 mm,
weighing not more than 20 kg, to provide not more than 2,000 W of power in an uninterruptible manner in the
event that a normal source of power fails (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.9540)

Electrical inverters (other than rectifiers, power supplies for automatic data processing equipment or for
telecommunications apparatus), each measuring not more than 190 mm by 160 mm by 255 mm, weighing not
more than 2.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.9570)

(41)

Tags for acousto-magnetic security systems (described in statistical reporting number 8531.90.9001)

(42) Cable lugs of copper, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each measuring at least 12 mm but not more than 155

mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8536.69.8000)

(43)

(44)

Printed circuit board assemblies, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each measuring 3 mm by 169 mm by 137.5
mm, presented with four relays mounted down the center of the assembly and fitted with connectors (described
in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9150)

Electric conductors for a voltage not exceeding 300 V, insulated with polyvinyl chloride (PVC), each fitted with
connectors, measuring not less than 200 mm and not more than 1.2 m in length (described in statistical reporting
number 8544.42.9090)

(45)

Toddler beds of wood, with bars to keep toddler from falling out (described in statistical reporting number
9403.50.9042)

(46)

Fireplace mantels or surrounds of wood (described in statistical reporting number 9403.60.8081)

(47)

Parts of office furniture, each consisting of a modular table base and support of base metals, with electric height
adjustment mechanism, weighing not more than 40 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9403.90.8041)

(tt)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03. See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24,
2019). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.03 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

3923.21.0030

3923.21.0095

3926.20.9050

4015.19.1010

5603.12.0090

(uu)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.15
shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the following enumerated statistical
reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

Bowls of molded plastics, with clips for retaining guide wires during surgical procedures(described in statistical
re porting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985
effective July 1, 2020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 212
U.S. Notes (con.)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Disposable graduated medicine dispensing cups of plastics(described in statistical re porting number 3926.90.9990
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Pads of foam plastics, with hook and loop fastener straps, integrated arm protectors, and accessory headrest,
body straps, lift sheets, hand grips and face masks, of a kind used for positioning patients during medical
procedures(described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9950 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use sterile drapes and covers of plastics, of a kind used to protect the sterile field in surgical operating
rooms(described in statistical re porting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Sterile decanters of polystyrene plastics, each of a kind used to transfer aseptic fluids or medication to and from
sterile bags, vials or glass containers(described in statistical re porting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Cold packs consisting of a single-use, instant, endothermic chemical reaction cold pack combined with a textile
exterior lining(described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Disposable shoe and boot covers of man-made fiber fabrics(described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Eye compresses, each consisting of a fabric cover filled with silica or gel beads, with or without a hook-and-loop
fastener strap(described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Face masks and particulate facepiece respirators, of textile fabrics(described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9845, 6307.90.9850,
6307.90.9870, or 6307.90.9875 effective July 1, 2020)

(10) Gel pads of textile materials, each with removable fabric sleeves, in the shape of hearts, circles or

quadrants(described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(11) Hot packs of textile material, single-use (exothermic chemical reaction)(described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(12)

(13)

(14)

(15)

Laparotomy sponges of cotton(described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Patient restraint or safety straps of textile materials, with hook-and-loop or ladder lock fasteners(described in
statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use blood pressure cuff sleeves of textile materials(described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use medical masks of textile material (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July
1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9845, 6307.90.9850, or 6307.90.9870 effective July 1,
2020)

(16)

Single-use stethoscope covers(described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(17) Woven gauze sponges of cotton in square or rectangular sizes(described in statistical reporting number

6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(18)

Electromechanical shoe cover dispenser, of steel (described in statistical reporting number 8479.89.6500)

(19)

Protective articles (described in statistical reporting number 9004.90.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 213

U.S. Notes (con.)

(vv)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03. See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24,
2019). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.03 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

7002.10.2000

Tilapias, frozen, each weighing not more than 115 g (described in statistical reporting number 0304.61.0000)

Shells of oysters (Crassostrea angulate) (described in statistical reporting number 0508.00.0000)

Honeydew melon seeds (described in statistical reporting number 1207.70.0075)

Hot pepper seeds, of a kind used for sowing (described in statistical reporting number 1209.91.6090)

F1 hybrid pumpkin seeds, oval in shape, with a white outer husk, measuring not more than 10 mm, of a kind used
for sowing (described in statistical reporting number 1209.91.8055)

Eggplant seeds, of a kind used for sowing (described in statistical reporting number 1209.91.8090)

Endive seeds, of a kind used for sowing (described in statistical reporting number 1209.91.8090)

Gourd seeds, of a kind used for sowing (described in statistical reporting number 1209.91.8090)

(10)

Tomatillo seeds, of a kind used for sowing (described in statistical reporting number 1209.91.8090)

(11) Crabmeat of red swimming crabs (Portunus haanii) packed fresh and pasteurized or frozen in airtight containers

(described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2059)

(12)

Synthetic silica gel, in amorphous granules, of a kind used as a catalyst support (described in statistical reporting
number 2811.22.1000)

(13)

 -Naphthol (CAS n umber 90-15-3) (described in statistical reporting number 2907.15.1000)

(14) Glyoxal (CAS No. 107-22-2) (described in statistical reporting number 2912.19.3000)

(15)

(2-Hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)phenylmethanone (CAS No. 131-57-7) (Oxybenzone (INN)) and
(2-Hydroxy-4-octoxyphenyl)phenylmethanone (CAS No. 1843-05-6) (Octabenzone (INN)) (described in statistical
reporting number 2914.50.3000)

(16)

2,2-Dichloroacetyl chloride (CAS No. 79-36-7) (described in statistical reporting number 2915.40.5050)

(17)

Sodium adipate (1,4-butanedicarboxylic acid, disodium salt) (IUPAC name: disodium hexanedioate) (CAS No.
7486-38-6) (described in statistical reporting number 2917.12.5000)

(18)

4-Aminophenol (CAS No. 123-30-8) (described in statistical reporting number 2922.29.8190)

(19) Diuron (IUPAC name: 3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea) (CAS No. 330-54-1) (described in statistical

reporting number 2924.21.1600)

(20)

2-((3-Fluoro-4-(methylcarbamoyl)-phenyl)amino)-2-methylpropanoic acid (CAS No. 1289942-66-0) (described in
statistical reporting number 2924.29.7100)

(21)

3,4-Difluorobenzonitrile (CAS No. 64248-62-0) (described in statistical reporting number 2926.90.4300)

(22) Octocrylene (IUPAC name: 2-ethylhexyl 2-cyano-3,3-diphenylprop-2-enoate) (CAS No. 6197-30-4) (described in

statistical reporting number 2926.90.4801)

(23)

3-Cyclopentylacrylonitrile (IUPAC name: (E)-3-Cyclopentylprop-2-enenitrile) (CAS No. 591769-05-0) (described
in statistical reporting number 2926.90.5050)

(24)

Acetonitrile (CAS No. 75-05-8) (described in statistical reporting number 2926.90.5050)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 214
U.S. Notes (con.)

(25) N-(n-Butyl)thiophosphoric triamide (IUPAC name: N-Diaminophosphinothioylbutan-1-amine) (CAS No. 94317-64-3)

(described in statistical reporting number 2929.90.5090)

(26)

(27)

(4-Chloro-2-fluoro-3-methoxyphenyl) boronic acid (CAS No. 944129-07-1) (described in statistical reporting number
2931.90.3000)

2-Phosphonobutane-1,2,4-tricarboxylic acid and its salts (CAS #40372-66-5) (described in statistical reporting
number 2931.90.7000)

(28) Clothianidin technical (CAS No. 210880-92-5) (IUPAC name:

E-1-[(2-Chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)methyl]-3-methyl-2-nitroguanidine) (described in statistical reporting number
2934.10.9000)

(29)

2-Mercaptobenzothiazole (CAS No. 149-30-4) (described in statistical reporting number 2934.20.1500)

(30)

Flux powder consisting wholly of inorganic substances, including but not limited to silicon dioxide, titanium oxide,
manganese oxide, aluminum oxide, and calcium fluoride, for submerged arc welding (described in statistical
reporting number 3810.90.2000)

(31) Chitosan (CAS No. 9012-76-4) (described in statistical reporting number 3913.90.2090)

(32)

Boxes, cases, crates or similar articles of plastics certified under UN (United Nations) standard 4H2 as suitable
for the conveyance of lithium ion batteries and equipment powered by lithium ion batteries (described in statistical
reporting number 3923.10.9000)

(33)

Parts of fences fabricated from profile shapes of heading 3916 (described in statistical reporting number
3925.90.0000)

(34) Gaskets, washers and other seals (other than O-rings) of silicone plastic, each weighing at least 5 g but not more

than 400 g (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.4590)

(35) Hoses of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber, not reinforced or otherwise combined with other materials,

without fittings, each weighing at least 10 g but not more than 1,000 g and measuring at least 2 cm but not more
than 500 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 4009.11.0000)

(36) Hoses of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber, reinforced or otherwise combined only with textile materials,

without fittings (described in statistical reporting number 4009.31.0000)

(37) Hoses of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber, reinforced or otherwise combined with materials other than

metals or textiles, without fittings (described in statistical reporting number 4009.41.0000)

(38) New tubeless pneumatic tires of rubber having a "herring-bone" tread and a tire ply rating of 6R, measuring not
more than 61 cm in outside diameter and at least 20.3 cm but not more than 25.4 cm in width, for mounting on a
rim measuring 35.6 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 4011.90.1010)

(39) New radial pneumatic tires of rubber, each with an 8 ply rating, measuring not more than 67 cm in outside diameter

and at least 22 cm but not over 28 cm in width, suitable for mounting on a rim measuring 30.5 cm in diameter
(described in statistical reporting number 4011.90.2010)

(40) New radial pneumatic tires of rubber, measuring 66 cm or more but not exceeding 82 cm in diameter, and 22 cm

or more but not exceeding 39 cm in width, with steel internal carcass and sidewalls reinforced with three belts
(described in statistical reporting number 4011.90.2010)

(41) New bias-ply pneumatic tires of rubber, with a 6 ply rating, each measuring at least 61 cm but not more than 62
cm in diameter, and at least 20 cm but not more than 31 cm in width, suitable for mounting on a rim measuring
30.5 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 4011.90.8010)

(42) Compression molded floor mats for golf carts, of vulcanized rubber other than hard rubber or cellular rubber, each
measuring not more than 1,038 mm by 605 mm (described in statistical reporting number 4016.91.0000)

(43) Grommets, vibration dampers, and similar protective separators, of molded ethylene-propylene-non-conjugated
diene monomer rubber (EPDM), each weighing not more than 2.27 kg, of a kind used in motorcycles or personal
watercraft (PWC) (described in statistical reporting number 4016.99.6050)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 215

U.S. Notes (con.)

(44)

(45)

(46)

(47)

(48)

(49)

(50)

Backpacks and duffel bags with an outer surface of a blend of hemp and organic cotton, each measuring not less
than 38 cm by 30 cm by 15 cm and not more than 36 cm by 72 cm by 34 cm (described in statistical reporting
number 4202.92.2000)

Backpacks with outer surface of textile materials of man-made fibers, each measuring at least 35 cm but not more
than 75 cm in height, at least 19 cm but not more than 34 cm in width, and at least 5 cm but not more than 26 cm
in depth (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3120)

Fishing tackle bags of man-made fibers, each measuring at least 5 cm but not more than 17 cm in width, at least
23 cm but not more than 27 cm in height and at least 37 cm but not more than 43 cm in depth, with a shoulder
strap and carrying handles (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

Surfboard covers, each with an outer surface of polyester, weighing at least 0.85 kg but not more than 6 kg,
measuring at least 150 cm but not more than 307 cm in height and at least 55 cm but not more than 66 cm in
width (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

Tote bags with outer surface of man-made fibers, with handles, with printing on front and back, each bag measuring
more than 20 cm but not more than 36 cm in width and more than 22 cm but not more than 39 cm in height, with
a gusset measuring not more than 16 cm (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

Bags with outer surface of textile materials of man-made fibers, each with a base of plastics and a coil zipper,
weighing 0.22 kg or more but not over 4.6 kg, shaped to fit powersports vehicles (including but not limited to
off-road vehicles, all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles and motorcycles) (described in statistical reporting number
4202.92.9100)

Pouches and tool holsters of woven man-made fibers, each measuring at least 13 cm but not more than 19 cm
in height, at least 4 cm but not more than 11 cm in width and at least 3 cm but not more than 5 cm in depth, valued
not over $16 each, designed to fit over the wearer's belt or attach to belt loops to provide hands-free carrying of
mobile phones, tools, flashlights and articles of similar size (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.9100)

(51) Gun cases (boots) of plastics, each with interior padding, dust-proof and water-resistant shell and steel brackets

for mounting (described in statistical reporting number 4202.99.9000)

(52) Women's, girls', and infants' pants, skirts and dresses, of polyurethane-coated leather of swine or of

polyurethane-coated composition leather of swine (described in statistical reporting number 4203.10.4095)

(53)

Printed cartons, boxes or cases of corrugated paper or paperboard, other than sanitary food or beverage containers
(described in statistical reporting number 4819.10.0040)

(54) Notebooks of paper or paperboard, each incorporating a plastic toy building block on the cover, measuring at

least 13 cm but not more than 16 cm on the short side, at least 15 cm but not more than 22 cm on the long side
and at least 1 cm but not more than 3 cm in thickness, with at least 192 but no more than 352 ruled or blank pages
(described in statistical reporting number 4820.10.2060)

(55)

Plates, bowls or cups of molded or pressed bamboo pulp, each weighing at least 3 g but not more than 92 g
(described in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0020)

(56) Clamshell containers, pizza pans, lids, compartmentalized and other trays of molded or pressed bamboo pulp,

each weighing at least 3 g but not more than 95 g (described in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0040)

(57)

(58)

(59)

(60)

Yarn of cashmere or camel hair, carded but not combed, not put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting
number 5108.10.8000)

Polyester filament tow, measuring more than 50 ktex but not more than 275 ktex (described in statistical reporting
number 5501.20.0000)

Polypropylene fiber tow measuring more than 50 ktex but not more than 275 ktex (described in statistical reporting
number 5501.40.0000)

Textile fabrics of woven polyester or of a blend of cotton and polyester, coated on one side with expanded
polyurethane which comprises more than 70 percent of the total weight of the product, the entire thickness of the
fabric measuring at least 0.8 mm but not more than 1.22 mm in thickness and weighing at least 350 g/m² or more
but not more than 425 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number 5903.20.2000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 216
U.S. Notes (con.)

(61) Circular single knitted fabric, containing by weight 96 percent polyester and 4 percent spandex, dyed (described

in statistical reporting number 6006.32.0080)

(62)

Freestanding bathtubs carved from solid marble blocks, not laminated or glued, each with dimensions not over
215 cm by 125 cm by 70 cm and weighing not more than 1,600 kg (described in statistical reporting number
6802.91.1500)

(63)

Sinks and sink pedestals of marble for bathroom and kitchen use, each measuring not more than 110 cm by 95
cm by 95 cm and weighing not more than 415 kg (described in statistical reporting number 6802.91.1500)

(64) Worked monumental or building stone articles of genuine geological granite, birdbaths, benches, fountains, and

fire pits (described in statistical reporting number 6802.93.0090)

(65)

(66)

(67)

(68)

(69)

(70)

(71)

(72)

Sandstone known as brown wave, of a kind used in outdoor living spaces, containing one textured side and up
to four chiseled edges with a density of 2,750 kg/m3 (described in statistical reporting number 6802.99.0060)

Sandstone with a flamed finish on one side and a length of 200 mm or more but not over 3,100 mm, a width of
100 mm or more but not over 1,380 mm and a thickness of 30 mm or more but not over 180 mm (described in
statistical reporting number 6802.99.0060)

Figurines and statuettes of agglomerated stone, each measuring at least 100 mm but not more than 310 mm in
height and weighing at least 0.1 kg but not more than 2.1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 6810.99.0080)

Synthetic graphite, in the form of rounds measuring at least 5 cm but not more than 153 cm in diameter and at
least 25 cm but not more than 204 cm in length, or rectangles measuring at least 40 cm but not more than 61 cm
in width, at least 40 cm but not more than 94 cm in height, and 152 cm or more but not more than 280 cm in length
(described in statistical reporting number 6815.10.0100)

Articles of ceramics, other than porcelain or china, having a hardness equivalent of 9 or more on the Mohs scale,
machined to shape, weighing not more than 2.4 kg and measuring not more than 45.5 cm by 3.1 cm by 8.9 cm
(described in statistical reporting number 6909.12.0000)

Inert ceramic rings and spheres, of a kind used for bed grading in mixed-layered filtering and purification columns
(described in statistical reporting number 6909.19.5095)

Screen protectors of tempered safety glass, transparent, cut, and treated, with adhesive on one side, in rectangular
sheets, each weighing at least 6 g but not more than 77 g, each measuring not less than 2.8 cm but not more
than 28 cm in height, not less than 1.9 cm but not more than 21 cm in width, and not more than 0.1 cm in thickness
(described in statistical reporting number 7007.19.0000)

Sheets of tempered safety glass, coated with silicone oxide, having a surface area of less than 2.5 m2, designed
to be placed over solar cell panels for protection from external damage (described in statistical reporting number
7007.19.0000)

(73) Windshields of laminated safety glass, of a size and shape for vehicles, each weighing at least 10.9 kg but not

over 15.4 kg (described in statistical reporting number 7007.21.1010)

(74) Rear-view mirrors for vehicles, composed of stainless steel, aluminum, glass filled nylon, polyethylene, and

acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene, each weighing at least 500 g but not more than 1 kg, with mirrors measuring at
least 180 mm but not more than 400 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 7009.10.0000)

(75) Rear-view mirrors for vehicles, each consisting of a multi-curvature convex glass mirror, a steel case and a heating

element (described in statistical reporting number 7009.10.0000)

(76) Replacement kits for rear-view mirrors for vehicles, each consisting of a multi-curvature convex mirror, a gasket

and a heating element (described in statistical reporting number 7009.10.0000)

(77) Windows of stainless steel incorporating tempered glass, each fitted with a rubber gasket that provides a water-tight

seal when closed, designed for installation in ships and boats of chapter 89 (described in statistical reporting
number 7308.30.1000)

(78)

Steel tanks, each of a capacity of at least 477 liters but not over 23,848 liters and weighing at least 100 kg but
not more than 2,250 kg, whether or not lined or heat insulated, but not fitted with mechanical or thermal equipment
(described in statistical reporting number 7309.00.0030)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 217

U.S. Notes (con.)

(79)

(80)

(81)

(82)

(83)

(84)

Square-shaped barrels of stainless steel, each with slatted sides and a maximum capacity of 228 liters (described
in statistical reporting number 7310.10.0010 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number
7310.10.0015 effective July 1, 2020)

Skid chains of steel, with links measuring not over 8 mm in diameter, to fit off-road vehicle tires measuring 63 cm
or more but not over 67 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 7315.20.1000)

Steel cooking grates comprising parts of stoves and ranges, each weighing not less than 1 kg, measuring not
less than 40 cm in length, not less than 48 cm in width, and not less than 5 cm in height (described in statistical
reporting number 7321.90.1000)

Bird feeders, predominantly of iron or steel, with glass elements, each feeder measuring at least 25 cm but not
more than 36 cm in height, and weighing at least 0.6 kg but not more than 1.4 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 7323.99.9080)

Parts of showers, comprising shower wand adjustable slide bars, of stainless steel, with or without finishes of
other metals, each weighing 0.44 kg or less, measuring at least 48.3 cm but not more than 91.5 cm in length and
at least 1.9 cm but not more than 2.6 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 7324.90.0000)

Shower arms of stainless steel, with or without finishes of other metals, threaded at both ends, each weighing not
less than 0.08 kg but not more than 0.35 kg, measuring at least 15 cm but not more than 64 cm in length and not
more than 2 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 7324.90.0000)

(85) Carabiners of stainless steel, not suitable for climbing applications (described in statistical reporting number

7326.90.8688)

(86) Housings of steel designed for oil or natural gas wellheads, each with threaded or welded bottom and threaded
top, each weighing at least 284 kg but not more than 1,200 kg, measuring at least 52 cm but not more than 105
cm in length, at least 42 cm but not more than 60 cm in outer diameter, with a bore diameter of not less than 20
cm (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(87)

(88)

(89)

(90)

Tubing heads of steel for oil or natural gas wellheads, each measuring at least 39 cm but not more than 107 cm
in length, at least 57 cm but not more than 78 cm in outer diameter, with a bore diameter of not less than 13 cm
(described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

Escutcheons of brass, with or without other metal finishes, each weighing not more than 0.5 kg, measuring not
more than 23 cm by 23 cm by 3 cm, designed as trim around faucets or shower fixtures (described in statistical
reporting number 7419.99.5010)

Faucet parts, of brass, designed for holding the aerator, each not over 4 cm in height (described in statistical
reporting number 7419.99.5010)

Shower arms of brass, each for connecting the showerhead to the water supply (described in statistical reporting
number 7419.99.5010)

(91) Carabiners of aluminum, not suitable for climbing applications (described in statistical reporting number

7616.99.5190)

(92)

Key rings of zinc, with leather adornment (described in statistical reporting number 7907.00.6000)

(93)

(94)

Kits of auger bits for woodworking of high carbon steel (with cutting part containing by weight over 0.2 percent of
chromium, molybdenum, or tungsten or over 0.1 percent of vanadium), each bit measuring not less than 0.95 cm
but not more than 3.81 cm in diameter and not less than 15.24 cm but not more than 45.72 cm in length (described
in statistical reporting number 8207.50.2070)

Kits of spade bit blades of high carbon steel (with cutting part not containing by weight over 0.2 percent of chromium,
molybdenum, or tungsten or over 0.1 percent of vanadium), each bit measuring at least 0.635 cm but not more
than 3.81 cm in diameter and at least 15.24 cm but not more than 45.72 cm in length (described in statistical
reporting number 8207.50.6000)

(95) Castors with mountings of steel with wheels of rubber or plastic, each having a wheel diameter (including tires)

of more than 60 mm but less than 210 mm (described in statistical reporting number 8302.20.0000)

(96) Mountings and fittings suitable for motor vehicles of iron or steel, of aluminum or of zinc, other than pneumatic

cylinders (described in statistical reporting number 8302.30.3060)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 218
U.S. Notes (con.)

(97) Cleats and chocks of stainless steel for boats and ships (described in statistical reporting number 8302.49.6055)

(98)

(99)

Screen door cross bars of aluminum, each adjustable, measuring at least 53 cm but not more than 74 cm in
length, weighing not more than 0.6 kg, with polypropylene end caps (described in statistical reporting number
8302.49.6085)

Pistons of cast aluminum, of a kind used in spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines for vehicles of
heading 8703, each measuring 73 mm in diameter and 45 mm in height (described in statistical reporting number
8409.91.5085)

(100) Cylinder heads of aluminum for motorcycle engines, each weighing at least 3.6 kg but not more than 6.4 kg

(described in statistical reporting number 8409.91.9990)

(101) Cooling medium pumps for internal combustion piston engines of the motor vehicles of headings 8703 or 8704

(described in statistical reporting number 8413.30.9090)

(102) Stationary air compressors (not reciprocating, not rotary), each powered by 12 V DC motor, with maximum output

pressure of 1.04 MPa and maximum output volume of 57 liters/min, weighing not more than 6 kg, with braided
output leader hose and one-way check valve attached to the cylinder head (described in statistical reporting
number 8414.80.1680)

(103) Hydraulic jacks of a kind for raising vehicles, with a lifting capacity of not more than 550 kg (described in statistical

reporting number 8425.42.0000)

(104) Hydraulic lifts of steel weighing not more than 30 kg, comprising a base, two lift arms and a hydraulic bottle jack,

with a weight limit of not more than 250 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8425.42.0000)

(105) Screw jacks and scissor jacks, each comprising a base, two lift arms and adjustable wheel pads, weighing at least
22 kg but not more than 42 kg, with a weight limit of not more than 342 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8425.49.0000)

(106) Bandsaws for working wood, bench top, each valued under $1,000, with 115 V motor, measuring not more than
88 cm in height, not more than 54 cm in width and not more than 42 cm in depth, weighing not more than 36 kg
with a cutting capacity not exceeding 36 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 8465.91.0064)

(107) Bandsaws for working wood, floor standing, each valued under $1,000, with 115 V motor, measuring not more

than 190 cm in height, at least 63 cm but not more than 88 cm in width and at least 63 cm but not more than 66
cm in depth, weighing at least 99 kg but not more than 130 kg with a cutting capacity not exceeding 36 cm in
width (described in statistical reporting number 8465.91.0064)

(108) Bandsaws for working wood, valued under $1,000 each, floor standing, with 115 V motor, measuring not over

190 cm in height, at least 63 cm but not more than 88 cm in width and at least 63 cm but not more than 66 cm in
depth, weighing at least 99 kg but not more than 130 kg with a cutting capacity not exceeding 36 cm in width
(described in statistical reporting number 8465.91.0064)

(109) Straps for securing articles, each consisting of a polyester webbing strap of a width not exceeding 26 mm with

steel hooks at the ends and a ratchet mechanism for tightening the strap, in lengths not over 2.5 m (described in
statistical reporting number 8479.89.9499)

(110) Handwheel-operated gate valves of forged steel, each measuring at least 37 cm but not more than 102 cm in

width (at the circular connector flanges) and at least 55 cm but not more than 288 cm in height (from the bottom
of the valve to the top of the handwheel), having a bore measuring at least 5 cm but not more than 18 cm in
diameter, weighing at least 79 kg but not more than 3,015 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8481.80.3055)

(111) Camshafts designed for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines for off-road

vehicles and snowmobiles (described in statistical reporting number 8483.10.1030)

(112) Crankshafts designed for use with diesel engines having a displacement of not more than 12 liters (described in

statistical reporting number 8483.10.3050)

(113) Toothed wheels and sprockets other than chain sprockets for motorcycles, off-road vehicles and snowmobiles

constituting an integral component of an engine or motor (described in statistical reporting number 8483.90.5090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 219

U.S. Notes (con.)

(114) Single phase AC electric motors (other than gear motors), of an output of 56 W or more but not exceeding 69 W,

each measuring no more than 9 cm in length and no more than 11.5 cm in diameter, weighing no more than 2
kg, in a housing of base metals, with a switch (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.2040)

(115) Single-phase AC electric motors incorporating permanent split capacitors, each of an output range of 367 W or
more but not exceeding 565 W, operating at not less than 115 V of alternating current (VAC) but not more than
230 VAC, capable of operating while submerged in water, each weighing at least 7 kg but not more than 11 kg,
measuring not more than 10 cm in diameter and at least 22 cm but not exceeding 34 cm in length (described in
statistical reporting number 8501.40.4040)

(116) Single-phase AC electric motors, other than gear motors, whether or not incorporating permanent split capacitors,
each of an output range of 746 W or more but not exceeding 1.13 kW, operating at not less than 115 V of alternating
current (VAC) but not more than 250 VAC, capable of operating while submerged in water, each weighing at least
9 kg but not more than 12.5 kg, measuring not more than 10 cm in diameter and at least 25 cm but not exceeding
36 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.6040)

(117) Battery chargers designed to charge the batteries in electrically powered golf carts and similar utility vehicles for

a voltage not exceeding 48 V, measuring no more than 20 cm in width, 30 cm in length, and 15 cm in height
(described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.9550)

(118) Static converters, each with output voltage range of 10 V or more but not exceeding 26 V and a power output
range of at least 5 A but not more than 240 A, weighing not more than 23 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 8504.40.9550)

(119)

Inductors, each with inductance of 22 microhenrys (µH), a tolerance of no greater than 20 percent, with a DC
resistance of 198 milliohms (m ) and a DC current of 1.9 A (descr ibed in statistical reporting number 8504.50.8000)

(120)

Inductors, each with inductance of 220 microhenrys (µH), a tolerance of no greater than 20 percent, with a DC
resistance of 550 milliohms (m ) and a DC current of 510 milliamps (mA) (descr ibed in statistical reporting number
8504.50.8000)

(121)

Inductors, each with inductance of 470 microhenrys (µH), a tolerance of no greater than 20 percent, with a DC
resistance of 700 milliohms (m ) and a DC current of 540 milliamps (mA) (descr ibed in statistical reporting number
8504.50.8000)

(122) Lead-acid storage batteries, 12 V, of a kind used in starting piston engines, each measuring not more than 167

cm in height, at least 91 cm but not more than 92 cm in width and weighing at least 4.8 kg but not more than 5.3
kg (described in statistical reporting number 8507.10.0030)

(123)

Ignition coils for spark-ignition or compression-ignition engines of a kind designed to be mounted in powersports
vehicles, including off-road vehicles, all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles and motorcycles (described in statistical
reporting number 8511.30.0080)

(124) Lighting equipment designed for illuminating the interior of the vehicles of subheading 8701.20 or heading 8702,
8703, 8704, 8705 or 8711 incorporating LED lamps, each measuring not more than 128 mm by 75 mm by 36 mm
(described in statistical reporting number 8512.20.2040)

(125) Color television cameras of a kind used with vehicle displays (described in statistical reporting number

8525.80.3010)

(126) Radiobroadcast receiver kits, each comprising a radiobroadcast receiver not capable of operating without an

external source of power, the foregoing of a kind used in motor vehicles, not combined with sound recording or
reproducing apparatus, incorporating an FM only or AM/FM only tuner, two speakers measuring not more than
135 mm in diameter, a 45 W 4-channel amplifier and an external antenna (described in statistical reporting number
8527.29.4000)

(127)

Indicator panels incorporating segmented liquid crystal devices (LCDs) suitable for use in motor vehicles and
designed to display a limited number of characters or icons, each panel measuring not more than 99 mm in width
and not more than 61 mm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8531.20.0020)

(128)

Indicator panels incorporating LEDs, designed for use in medical infusion equipment (described in statistical
reporting number 8531.20.0040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 220
U.S. Notes (con.)

(129) Printed circuit boards, with a base of glass reinforced epoxy laminate material that is compliant with NEMA grade
FR-4 fire resistance, not flexible, with 10 layers, designed for use in a flow meter, and measuring not more than
6.35 cm by 6.35 cm by 0.1575 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0020)

(130) Printed circuit board, 2 layers, LED left-handed tail light, of FR-4 woven fiberglass cloth with a flame resistant
epoxy resin binder with a glass transition temperature of 150 degrees C, with not more than 0.03 kg of copper
(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0095)

(131) Printed circuit board, 2 layers, LED left-handed tail stop light, of FR-4 woven fiberglass cloth with a flame resistant
epoxy resin binder, with not more than 0.03 kg of copper (described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0095)

(132) Printed circuit board, 2 layers, LED right-handed tail stop light, of FR-4 woven fiberglass cloth with a flame resistant
epoxy resin binder, with not more than 0.03 kg of copper (described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0095)

(133) Printed circuit board, 2 layers, overhead council assembly of FR-4 woven fiberglass cloth with a flame resistant

epoxy resin binder, with not more than 0.03 kg of copper, with lead free HASL finish (described in statistical
reporting number 8534.00.0095)

(134) Printed circuit board, 2 layers, overhead council unit, of FR-4 woven fiberglass cloth with a flame resistant epoxy

resin binder, with lead free HASL finish (described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0095)

(135) Printed circuit board, 2 layers, with high- or low-side driver pulse width modulation, of FR-4 woven fiberglass cloth
with a flame resistant epoxy resin binder with a glass transition temperature of 150 degrees C with not more than
0.03 kg of copper (described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0095)

(136) Printed circuit board, 4 layers, rear view mirror utilized, of FR-4 woven fiberglass cloth with a flame resistant epoxy
resin binder, with not more than 0.03 kg of copper (described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0095)

(137) Printed circuit boards, formed as 2 layers, DS video mirror of FR-4 woven fiberglass cloth with a flame resistant

epoxy resin binder with a glass transition temperature of 150 degrees C with not more than 0.03 kg of copper
(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0095)

(138) Digital sound processing apparatus capable of connecting to a wired or wireless network for the mixing of sound,
each capable of mixing 16, 24, 32 or 64 channel, each measuring not more than 17 cm in height, not more than
60 cm in depth, and not more than 83 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9100)

(139) Electric conductors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, with stranded 18-gauge copper wire and SPT-2 outer

insulation, with either a 2-prong polarized plug or a 3-prong grounded plug on one end, such plugs with an
integrated non-replaceable fuse, such conductors measuring at least 210 cm but not more than 250 cm in length
(described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(140) Bumpers of steel or aluminum, other than stampings, for off-road vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (described

in statistical reporting number 8708.10.3050)

(141) Vent insulators to fit a standard vent opening of 35.56 cm by 35.56 cm on a recreational vehicle, each composed

of foam encased in polyester fleece fabric, whether or not also featuring reflective foil (described in statistical
reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(142) Road wheels of steel for vehicles of heading 8703, each measuring at least 32 cm but not more than 37 cm in

diameter, at least 11 cm but not more than 21 cm in width and weighing at least 5.2 kg but not over 6.7 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 8708.70.4560)

(143) Road wheels of steel for vehicles of heading 8703, each measuring at least 37 cm but not more than 46 cm in

diameter and at least 19 cm but not over 26 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 8708.70.4560)

(144) Wheel spacers of aluminum for the motor vehicles of heading 8703, measuring at least 25 mm but not more than

45 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 8708.70.6060)

(145) Parts of suspension systems of off-road vehicles of headings 8701 through 8705 and snowmobiles of heading

8703 (described in statistical reporting number 8708.80.6590)

(146) Torque rods, also known as torque arms, radius rods or radius arms (described in statistical reporting number

8708.80.6590)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 221

U.S. Notes (con.)

(147) Radiators of aluminum, each measuring at least 335 mm but not more than 630 mm in length, at least 167.5 mm
but not more than 355 mm in width, and at least 37.5 mm but not more than 60 mm in height (described in statistical
reporting number 8708.91.5000)

(148) Mufflers and exhaust pipes for all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) and snowmobiles of heading 8703 (described in statistical

reporting number 8708.92.5000)

(149) Steering boxes and steering columns of steel for all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) of heading 8703 and other off-road

vehicles (described in statistical reporting number 8708.94.5000)

(150) Parts of the motor vehicles of headings 8701, 8702, 8704 and 8705, consisting of housings of cast iron for steering
gears, each weighing not more than 20 kg, measuring at least 11 cm but not more than 29 cm in length, at least
9 cm but not more than 19 cm in width, and at least 14 cm but not more than 24 cm in height (described in statistical
reporting number 8708.94.7000)

(151) Steering cylinder heads of cast iron for motor vehicles of chapter 87, each weighing at least 1 kg but not more

than 3 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8708.94.7000)

(152) Housing covers (with or without bearings) of carbon steel for steering gears of the motor vehicles of headings

8701 to 8705 (except for tractors other than road tractors) (described in statistical reporting number 8708.94.7550)

(153) Pitman arm retainers of carbon steel designed for steering gears for the vehicles of heading 8701, 8702, 8704,

or 8705, other than steering gears for tractors for agricultural use but including those for road tractors (described
in statistical reporting number 8708.94.7550)

(154) Castings of aluminum for hub lock assemblies of motor vehicles of heading 8703 (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.99.6890)

(155) Shift lever weldments, sprockets, shafts, bearing carriers, and rod shifters, all the foregoing being parts of power
trains for the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.6890)

(156) Covers for automobile seats or passenger compartments, of textile fabric, with or without fastening hardware,
presented separately or in sets put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(157)

Intercooler pipes of cast aluminum, each weighing at least 0.37 kg but not more than 0.643 kg (described in
statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(158) Racks designed to fit into receiver hitches of vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, for transporting bicycles (described

in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(159) Trailer hitch kits of alloy steel or carbon steel, for the vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, other than tractors, except

including road tractors (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(160) Bicycles, including mountain-type, with drop bar, tubeless, folding (described in statistical reporting number

8712.00.4800)

(161) Trailers with steel or aluminum frames, single axle, each measuring at least 1.5 m but not more than 2.5 m in

width, at least 2.4 m but not more than 5.8 m in length, and weighing at least 110 kg but not more than 730 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 8716.40.0000)

(162) Castors, each comprising a polyurethane tread over a polypropylene hub, measuring at least 7.5 cm but not more
than 20.5 cm in diameter and at least 2.5 cm but not more than 5.5 cm in width, for use with retail shopping carts,
material handling carts, light industrial carts, baker carts, laboratory carts, medical carts or pharmaceutical carts
(described in statistical reporting number 8716.90.3000)

(163) Mounted camera lenses, each with a M12 mount configuration, with an 8.46 mm sensor format and focal lengths
between 2.8 mm and 16.0 mm, focal ratio (F/No) of 1.4 or greater but not exceeding 6.6 and a fixed iris (described
in statistical reporting number 9002.11.9000)

(164) Seats of a kind used for automobiles, not reclining, incorporating padding of polymeric foam and seat covers of

PVC (described in statistical reporting number 9401.20.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 222
U.S. Notes (con.)

(165) Adjustable wire shelving units of steel, other than for household use, comprising vertical poles, foot caps or casters,
clips and shelves, each when fully assembled measuring at least 35 cm or more but not more than 183 m in width,
at least 35 cm but not more than 77 cm in depth, and at least 137 cm but not more than 183 cm in height (described
in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0081)

(166) Storage racks of steel, powder-coated, designed to hang from overhead support, each weighing not more than
37 kg, measuring not more than 123 cm in width, not more than 123 cm in height and not more than 245 cm in
length (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0081)

(167) Shelving units of chrome plated steel, each consisting of wire shelves measuring at least 35 cm but not more than

62 cm in width and at least 61 cm but not more than 183 cm in length and supporting posts, with leveling feet,
measuring not more than 30 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

(168) Cabinets of wood with glass fronts, each measuring at least 208 cm but not more than 234 cm in height, at least

86 cm but no more than 128 cm in width and at least 40 cm but not more than 49 cm in depth (described in
statistical reporting number 9403.60.8081)

(169) Cabinets of wood with glass fronts, each measuring at least 91 cm but not more than 117 cm in height, at least

165 cm but no more than 216 cm in width and at least 38 cm but not more than 59 cm in depth (described in
statistical reporting number 9403.60.8081)

(170) Outdoor tables of artificial stone, each measuring no more than 93 cm by 93 cm by 63 cm, with a built-in gas-burning

fire pit (described in statistical reporting number 9403.89.6015)

(171) Sets of rectangular laundry organizers consisting of at least six, but not more than nine collapsible hampers of

ethylene-vinyl acetate (EVA) fabric, each with a drawstring top, an exterior zip pocket, and rope handles, designed
to stand on the floor and fold up when not in use (described in statistical reporting number 9403.89.6020)

(172) Parts of counters, racks, display cases, and similar fixtures of wood other than cane, osier, bamboo or similar

materials (described in statistical reporting number 9403.90.7080)

(173) Parts of counters, racks, display cases, and similar fixtures of base metal, other than welded wire rack decking

(described in statistical reporting number 9403.90.8041)

(174) Lamps with bases of agglomerated stone that are figurines, each measuring at least 45 cm but not more than 77
cm in height, weighing at least 1.3 kg but not more than 2.8 kg, with a decorated fabric shade (described in
statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(175) LED lamps other than of base metal, each with height adjustable from at least 19 cm to not more than 38 cm,
with touch switch controlling power, brightness and three color modes (warm, bright and natural daylight
illumination), 5 V, 2.1 A USB charging port, and digital LCD display featuring time, date, and temperature display
(described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(176) LED backlight modules, each measuring at least 90 mm but not more than 105 mm in length and at least 45 mm

but not more than 55 mm in width (described in statistical reporting number 9405.40.8200)

(177) Flameless pillar candles with LED lamps powered by batteries, each measuring at least 7.6 cm but not more than

20 cm in diameter and having a wax exterior (described in statistical reporting number 9405.40.8440)

(ww) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.15
shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the following enumerated statistical
reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

0505.10.0050

3926.90.9925

6506.10.3045

8512.10.2000

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 223

U.S. Notes (con.)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

(12)

8528.72.6420

Coverings, of plastics, designed to fit over wound sites or casts thereby forming a protective seal for keeping the
covered area dry and debris free while showering or bathing(described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Pouches of plastics, of a kind used with manually operated pill or tablet crushers to capture the powdered
medicaments(described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Refillable dispensers of plastics, designed for mounting on a vertical wall, of a kind used to store and dispense
emesis containment bags in medical settings(described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July
1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Sterile urology drain bags of plastics, designed to fit over a urology table extension, with a flap extension that
provides sterile separation of the patient from the table surface and directs fluids into and through a filter at the
top of an attached drain hose leading to a collection container(described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Ice bags of textile materials, for treating injuries or soreness, each refillable(described in statistical reporting
number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July
1, 2020)

Identification wristbands of textile materials, each with a blank panel(described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Apparatus suitable for wearing on the wrist, having time-display functions, each article having an accelerometer
and being capable of displaying and transmitting data sent to it by a network (e.g., portable ADP unit, LAN or
cellular network) (described in statistical reporting number 8517.62.0090)

(xx)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03. See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24,
2019). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties provided for in heading 9903.88.03 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for
in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

8424.90.9080

Seeds of mung beans (Vigna radiata (L.) Wilczek) of a kind used for sowing (described in statistical reporting
number 0713.31.1000)

Preparations of chopped garlic, certified organic, packaged with water, citric acid, and salt, put up for retail sale
(described in statistical reporting number 2005.99.9700)

Aluminum hydroxide (CAS No. 21645-51-2) in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 2818.30.0000)

Cubic boron nitride (CAS No. 10043-11-5) (described in statistical reporting number 2850.00.5000)

2-Ethoxynaphthalene (CAS No. 93-18-5) (described in statistical reporting number 2909.30.2000)

1-(4-tert-Butyl-2,6-dimethyl-3,5-dinitrophenyl)ethanone (Musk ketone) (CAS No. 81-14-1) (described in statistical
reporting number 2914.79.1000)

2-Cyclohexylethyl acetate (CAS No. 21722-83-8) (described in statistical reporting number 2915.39.4550)

Glyoxylic acid (IUPAC name: 2-oxoacetic acid) (CAS No. 298-12-4), imported as a 50-percent aqueous solution
(described in statistical reporting number 2918.30.9000)

(10)

1-Cyanoguanidine (Dicyandiamide) (CAS No. 461-58-5) (described in statistical reporting number 2926.20.0000)

(11)

1,2-Dibromo-2,4-dicyanobutane (IUPAC Name: 2-bromo-2-(bromomethyl)pentanedinitrile) (CAS No. 35691-65-7)
(described in statistical reporting number 2926.90.5050)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 224
U.S. Notes (con.)

(12) Mixtures of hydrofluorocarbons, containing 40 to 44 percent by weight of 1,1,1,2-tetrafluoroethane (CAS No.

811-97-2), 56 to 60 percent by weight of pentafluoroethane (CAS No. 354-33-6) and up to 2 percent by weight of
lubricating oil (described in statistical reporting number 3824.78.0020)

(13) Mixtures containing 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol (CAS No. 108-01-0) (described in statistical reporting number

3824.99.9297)

(14)

Sacks and bags of plant-based materials including cornstarch, biodegradable, not containing polyethylene
(described in statistical reporting number 3923.29.0000)

(15) Wall panels of cellulose polyvinyl chloride, each measuring not less than 123 cm but not more than 245 cm in

length, not more than 184 cm in height, and not more than 3 cm in width, put up for retail sale in packs of 6 panels
weighing not less than 13.5 kg and not more than 29 kg (described in statistical reporting number 3925.90.0000)

(16) Cable protectors of rubber, each measuring not more than 91 cm in length, not more than 51 cm in width and not
more than 5.2 cm in height, with 5 channels for multiple cables or hoses not more than 3.8 cm in diameter, with
a lid of polyvinyl chloride, weighing not more than 14.5 kg, with a load capacity of not more than 8,200 kg (described
in statistical reporting number 4016.99.6050)

(17)

Parking stops of recycled rubber, each measuring not more than 185 cm in length, not more than 15.5 cm in width
and not more than 10.5 cm in height, weighing not more than 16 kg (described in statistical reporting number
4016.99.6050)

(18) Messenger bags of polyester, each measuring not more than 50 cm by 38 cm by 11 cm, weighing not more than

2.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 4202.12.8130)

(19)

(20)

Backpacks with hydration system, each measuring not more than 51 cm by 28 cm by 9 cm, weighing not more
than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.0400)

Backpacks of 66.66 tex polyester, each measuring not more than 57 cm by 44 cm by 11 cm (described in statistical
reporting number 4202.92.3120)

(21) Duffel bags of polyester, each measuring not more than 81 cm by 39 cm by 11 cm, weighing not more than 7 kg

(described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

(22) Duffel bags made predominantly of man-made fibers, each measuring not more than 98 cm by 52 cm by 17 cm,

weighing not more than 7 kg, with wheels (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

(23) Garment bags of polyester, each measuring not more than 69 cm by 46 cm by 11 cm, weighing not more than 2

kg (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

(24)

(25)

(26)

Shaving/toiletry bags of polyester, each measuring not more than 30 cm by 28 cm by 11 cm, weighing not more
than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

Padfolios of faux leather or polyester, with or without zippers, each containing a writing pad (described in statistical
reporting number 4820.10.2020)

Binders with polyester covers, weighing less than 800 g, each measuring less than 36 cm in length, less than 25
cm in width, and less than 6 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 4820.30.0040)

(27) Chinstraps designed for use on football helmets, each with webbing of woven polyester fabric encased in PVC,

foam padding of closed cell foam and buckle clasp of stainless steel (described in statistical reporting number
6507.00.0000)

(28)

(29)

Front pads and side pads designed for use on football helmets, each helmet with a vinyl top and bottom of PVC,
foam padding of closed cell foam and a buckle clasp of stainless steel (described in statistical reporting number
6507.00.0000)

Fiber optic faceplates in the form of sealed glass funnels, for actual use in cathode-ray tubes (CRTs), round, each
not more than 5.4 cm in diameter, weighing not more than 78 g, with a maximum thickness of 1.15 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 7011.20.4500)

(30) Glass faceplates for cathode-ray tubes (CRTs), round, each measuring not more than 8 cm in diameter, not more

than 0.36 cm at center thickness, and weighing not more than 50 g (described in statistical reporting number
7011.20.4500)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 225

U.S. Notes (con.)

(31) Railroad air brake pipe fitting branch pipe tees of carbon or alloy steel (cast steel), not threaded, with welded

sockets, each measuring not less than 7 cm by 5 cm by 5 cm but not more than 11 cm by 13 cm by 13 cm,
weighing not less than 0.4 kg but not more than 2.4 kg, conforming to the Association of American Railroads
(AAR) specifications S-400 (described in statistical reporting number 7307.19.9080)

(32) Railroad tank car serpentine pipe fittings of carbon or alloy steel (cast steel), not threaded but welded to connect
to pipes, each weighing not less than 0.9 kg but not more than 3.4 kg, measuring not less than 12 cm by 7 cm by
2 cm but not more than 16 cm by 13 cm by 11 cm, conforming to the Association of American Railroads (AAR)
specifications M-1002 (described in statistical reporting number 7307.19.9080)

(33)

(34)

Tire chains of iron or nonalloy steel, with links not over 10 mm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number
7315.82.5000)

Bolts of galvanized steel, each with hexagonal heads which are fitted with plastic knobs to facilitate installation
into a steel nut incorporated in awnings, having threads with a diameter of 6 mm or more (described in statistical
reporting number 7318.15.2065)

(35) Hose crimp collars of stainless steel, each weighing not more than 0.1 kg, measuring not more than 2.7 cm in

diameter, not less than 1.4 cm but not more than 4.2 cm in length, not less than 1.3 cm but not more than 4.3 cm
round (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(36) Quick connect body sleeve couplings of steel, with cylinder shape, each measuring not more than 3 cm in length

and not more than 4 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(37)

Bismuth metal (described in statistical reporting number 8106.00.0000)

(38)

(39)

(40)

(41)

(42)

Flexible tubing of stainless steel, each with an inner hose with garden hose fittings, weighing not more than 1.5
kg, measuring not less than 760 cm but not more than 3,052 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number
8307.10.3000)

Buckles of stainless steel, each incorporating a snap fastener socket and adjustment teeth, designed for use with
football helmet chin straps (described in statistical reporting number 8308.90.6000)

Sign plates, name plates, address plates, or similar plates of chromium plated base metals or of nickel or aluminum,
each weighing not less than 4 g (described in statistical reporting number 8310.00.0000)

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines of heading 8407
for marine propulsion (other than cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning, and machined only for the
removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery or connecting rods) (described
in statistical reporting number 8409.91.9290)

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines of heading 8407
(other than for aircraft engines, cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning, and machined only for the removal
of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery, for vehicles of subheading 8701.20
or heading 8702, 8703 or 8704, for marine propulsion engines or connecting rods) (described in statistical reporting
number 8409.91.9990)

(43) DC blowers for use in motor vehicle climate control systems, each measuring no less than 323 mm by 122 mm
by 102 mm and no more than 357 mm by 214 mm by 167 mm (described in statistical reporting number
8414.59.6540)

(44) DC centrifugal radial blowers, each measuring not less than 345 mm by 122 mm by 102 mm and not more than
355 mm by 173 mm by 145 mm, of an output of 100 W to 285 W, and weighing at least 1.80 kg but no more than
2.72 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6560)

(45)

Electrical/battery operated axial leaf blowers (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6590)

(46)

Parts of fans, consisting of column assemblies comprising telescoping steel tubes, each with a mechanism to
lock the assembly at a desired length, and front grills of steel, the foregoing for use in the manufacture of household
pedestal fans (described in statistical reporting number 8414.90.1040)

(47) Retail computing scales, digital with tactile keypad or VGA display, with a maximum weighing capacity of not less

than 10 kg but not more than 15.5 kg, measuring not less than 15 cm in width by 20 cm [in] depth but not more
than 41 cm in width by 32 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 8423.81.0030)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 226
U.S. Notes (con.)

(48) Compact portable shipping scales, of stainless steel, with a maximum weighing capacity of not more than 16 kg,
with a digital display, weight below hook, and handles, measuring not less than 19 cm in width, not less than 21
cm in depth, not less than 3 cm in height but not more than 52 cm in width, not more than 41 cm in depth, not
more than 13 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8423.81.0040)

(49) Hand-operated trunnion mounted ball valves of steel, each measuring over 5 cm but not exceeding 60 cm in

diameter (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.3070)

(50)

Parts of spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines or rotary engines, consisting of transmission shafts
(including camshafts and crankshafts) and cranks, the foregoing of machined cast iron or other ferrous metals,
other than for engines of vehicles of chapter 87 (described in statistical reporting number 8483.10.1050)

(51) Manual valve actuators, traveling nut type, of iron, each measuring over 20 cm but not exceeding 200 cm in length,
suitable for use with ball, butterfly, plug or quadrosphere valves (described in statistical reporting number
8483.40.5010)

(52)

(53)

(54)

(55)

(56)

(57)

(58)

(59)

Electric gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of 38 W or more but
not exceeding 74.5 W, each enclosed in a housing of plastics measuring 12 cm or more but not more than 17 cm
in length, which pivots at the end of a support of plastics, the other end of which houses on-off-oscillate and speed
controls (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.2020)

Electric gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of 38 W or more but
not exceeding 74.5 W, each enclosed in a housing of plastics measuring 13 cm or more but not more than 16 cm
in length, which pivots at the end of a support of plastics, the other end of which houses on-off and speed controls
(described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.2020)

Electric gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of 38 W or more but
not exceeding 74.5 W, each enclosed in a housing of plastics with on-off and speed controls (described in statistical
reporting number 8501.40.2020)

Electric motors other than gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of
60 W or more but not exceeding 74.5 W, each with a rotary switch attached by insulated conductors, enclosed
in a housing of base metals (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.2040)

Electric gear motors, single phase AC, of an output of 74.6 W or more but not exceeding 228 W, each with a
spring, a coupling, and a locking connector, the assembly measuring not more than 30 cm in length, not more
than 11 cm in width, not more than 16 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4020)

Electric gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of 75 W or more but
not exceeding 95 W, enclosed in a housing of plastics which pivots at the end of a support of plastics, the other
end of which houses on-off-oscillate and speed controls (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4020)

Electric motors other than gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of
75 W or more but not exceeding 110 W, each with a switch attached by insulated conductors, enclosed in a round
housing of base metals with outside diameter measuring 85 mm or more but not exceeding 95 mm (described in
statistical reporting number 8501.40.4040)

Power supplies for automatic data processing machines, each with a power output exceeding 50 W but not
exceeding 150 W, weighing not more than 0.5 kg, measuring not more than 12.5 cm in length, not more than 5.6
cm in width and not more than 3.4 cm in depth, with integrated surge protection (described in statistical reporting
number 8504.40.7007)

(60) Rectifiers for charging of batteries, each measuring at least 275 mm but not more than 281 mm in length, at least
243 mm but not more than 249 mm in width and at least 102 mm but not more than 116 mm in height; weighing
less than 5 kg, with input and output wires with connectors and attached mounting bracket (described in statistical
reporting number 8504.40.9550)

(61)

Power adapters for a weather sensor or weather station display (described in statistical reporting number
8504.40.9580)

(62) Robotic vacuum cleaners designed for residential use, each with a self-contained electric motor of a power not
exceeding 50 W and dust bag/receptacle capacity not exceeding 1 L, whether or not shipped with accessories
(described in statistical reporting number 8508.11.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 227

U.S. Notes (con.)

(63)

(64)

(65)

(66)

(67)

Ignition coils for spark-ignition internal combustion engines of a kind used in outdoor power equipment (described
in statistical reporting number 8511.30.0080)

Solenoid switches used in starter systems of internal combustion engines suitable for use in outdoor power
equipment (described in statistical reporting number 8511.80.6000)

Fan-forced portable electric heaters, each with a ceramic heating element (described in statistical reporting number
8516.29.0030)

Fan-forced portable electric heaters, each with a resistance heating element (described in statistical reporting
number 8516.29.0030)

Portable countertop air fryers of a kind used for domestic purposes (described in statistical reporting number
8516.60.4070)

(68)

Tubular electric heating resistors (described in statistical reporting number 8516.80.8000)

(69) Closed-loop, digital, video security systems, each consisting of one 4- or 8-channel network video recorder (NVR)

or one 4- channel gateway that connects wirelessly at least 2 but no more than 8 color television cameras in
housings of plastics, cables and power adapters, put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number
8525.80.3010)

(70) Closed-loop, digital, video security systems, each consisting of one 4-, 8- or 16-channel digital video recorder

(DVR) that connects via cables to at least 2 but no more than 16 color television cameras in housings of plastics,
cables and power adapters, put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010)

(71)

Indicator panels incorporating light emitting diodes (LEDs), black plastic vacuum form or injection molding backing,
with digital or illuminated border, capable of displaying words (described in statistical reporting number
8531.20.0040)

(72)

Printed circuit board assemblies specially designed to control sound signals (alarms) in medical infusion pumps
(described in statistical reporting number 8531.90.3000)

(73) Wall-mounted receptacles conforming to types 1-15R, 5-15R or 5-20R of the National Electrical Manufacturers

Association (NEMA), for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, with one or more standard sockets, whether or not
incorporating one or more USB ports (described in statistical reporting number 8536.69.8000)

(74) Controllers rated at 120 V, 60 Hz, suitable for electrically controlling hospital beds (described in statistical reporting

number 8537.10.9170)

(75)

(76)

(77)

(78)

(79)

Electric power control bases, which switch an electric load between sources, either manually or automatically, for
a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

Electric power control boards, designed for use in gas absorption refrigerators for recreational vehicles (described
in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

Printed circuit board assemblies specially designed to control medical infusion pumps (described in statistical
reporting number 8537.10.9170)

T8 tubular fluorescent lamps, each measuring not less than 60 cm but not exceeding 118 cm in length (described
in statistical reporting number 8539.31.0070)

Insulated electrical wiring harnesses with control cords, fitted with connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000
V, for incorporation into gas absorption refrigerators for recreational vehicles (described in statistical reporting
number 8544.42.9090)

(80)

Electrical insulators of ceramics, used in high-voltage, low-frequency electrical systems (described in statistical
reporting number 8546.20.0030)

(81) Ceramic electrical insulators of alumina for gas ignition electrode assemblies, each measuring at least 6.6 cm but
not more than 11.5 cm in length and not more than 0.95 cm in diameter, weighing not more than 25 g (described
in statistical reporting number 8546.20.0090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 228
U.S. Notes (con.)

(82)

Tire carrier attachments, roof racks, fender liners, side protective attachments, the foregoing of steel (described
in statistical reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(83) Road wheels of cast aluminum for vehicles of heading 8703, each measuring 30 cm or more but not exceeding
56 cm in diameter and 15 cm or more but not over 31 cm in width (whether described in statistical reporting number
8708.70.4545 prior to January 1, 2020 or described in statistical reporting number 8708.70.4548 post January 1,
2020)

(84) Heater coils for use with the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, composed of steel, copper, aluminum and
plastic, each not less than 184 mm and not more than 355 mm in height, not less than 350 mm and not more than
774 mm in length and not less than 32 mm and not more than 308 mm in width, each rated at not less than 6,300
kcal per hour and not more than 22,700 kcal per hour (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(85) Hitch riser plates of AISI 8620 alloy steel, each weighing not less than 94 g and not more than 96 g (described

in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(86) Hitches of powder-coated steel for use with the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, designed to distribute
weight, incorporating an adjustable sway control clamp, an adjustable hitch head and a chrome-plated hitch ball,
each ball not less than 5.5 cm and not more than 6 cm in diameter, each hitch weighing not less than 40 kg and
not more than 41 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(87) Hitches of powder-coated steel for use with the motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, for mounting in the bed

of a truck, each incorporating two stationary legs, a head, a cross member, a slider, rail adapters, automatic
locking jaws and a secondary handle lock, with an adjustable height not less than 36 cm and not more than 46
cm, with a gross trailer weight (GTW) capacity of not more than 9,980 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8708.99.8180)

(88)

(89)

(90)

(91)

Bicycles having both wheels exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, weighing less than 16.3 kg complete without
accessories and not designed for use with tires having a cross-sectional diameter exceeding 4.13 cm, multi-speed
(described in statistical reporting number 8712.00.2500)

Bicycles of aluminum having both wheels exceeding 25 cm but not exceeding 70 cm, each valued at less than
$45 (described in statistical reporting number 8712.00.4800)

Bicycle wheel rims, each not less than 30 cm and not more than 75 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting
number 8714.92.1000)

Bicycle wheel rims of aluminum, each not less than 451 mm and not more than 622 mm in diameter (described
in statistical reporting number 8714.92.1000)

(92) Wheel hubs and spoke hubs for use on trailers or semi-trailers (described in statistical reporting number

8716.90.5060)

(93)

(94)

(95)

(96)

(97)

(98)

(99)

Levels, each with a frame of ABS plastics and a paraffin mineral oil filled glass vial, measuring 10.16 cm in length
and 3.81 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 9015.30.8000)

Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, each consisting of a wind vane made of
plastics and base metal weighing no more than 25 g (described in statistical reporting number 9015.90.0190)

Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, each consisting of an assembly comprising
3 rotating wind cups, bearings, an internal aspirating fan and one or more solar panels (described in statistical
reporting number 9015.90.0190)

Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, each consisting of an assembly made of
plastic and metal comprising 3 wind cups weighing no more than 35 g (described in statistical reporting number
9015.90.0190)

Laboratory balances with sensitivity of 5 cg or better, with weighing capacity not exceeding 220 g, with touchscreen
display, with chemical resistant full metal housing (described in statistical reporting number 9016.00.2000)

Portable electrical balances with sensitivity of 5 cg or better, of stainless steel (described in statistical reporting
number 9016.00.2000)

60-minute [Sixty-minute] mechanical count-down kitchen timers (described in statistical reporting number
9106.90.8500)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 229

U.S. Notes (con.)

(100) Toddler beds, bassinets and cradles, of metal (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0017)

(101) Adjustable height folding tables of aluminum, each measuring no more than 183 cm by 122 cm by 72 cm (described

in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

(102) Steel mobile tool carts on castors, each measuring not less than 40 cm by 40 cm by 46 cm but not more than 184

cm by 108 cm by 184 cm fitted with two locking cabinets, drawers, and trays (described in statistical reporting
number 9403.20.0090)

(103) Tables of stainless steel, each measuring not less than 60 cm but not more than 189 cm in width, not less than
50 cm and not more than 77 cm in depth and not more than 92 cm in height, with adjustable legs (described in
statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

(104) Work benches of steel, each measuring not less than 152 cm in width and not more than 49 cm in depth, fitted
with castors, wood work surfaces of rubberwood and multiple drawers (described in statistical reporting number
9403.20.0090)

(105) Changing tables of wood (described in statistical reporting number 9403.60.8081)

(106) Bed rails, each of which attaches to the side of a bed to prevent the occupant of the bed from rolling out, with a

nylon mesh fabric cover (described in statistical reporting number 9403.90.8041)

(107) Candle-shaped lamps, each measuring at least 15 cm but not more than 39 cm in height, incorporating a

light-emitting diode (LED) and a switch, powered by batteries or 120 V mains (described in statistical reporting
number 9405.40.8440)

(108) Tripods of galvanized steel, each measuring not over 1.2 m in height by 0.2 m in width by 0.2 m in depth, weighing

not over 5.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9620.00.3090)

(yy)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading
9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

4819.50.4060

6902.20.5020

Dried broccoli, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 0712.90.8510)

Freeze-dried pumpkin, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 0712.90.8580)

Dried pomegranate, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 1106.30.4000)

Bee pollen, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 1212.99.9200)

Brown rice, in powder form, with protein content of at least 80 percent by weight, derived from organic brown rice
(described in statistical reporting number 2106.10.0000)

Synthetic iron oxide red medium shade, in powder form, Colour Index No. 77491, CAS No. 1309-37-1, water
soluble (described in statistical reporting number 2821.10.0020)

2,5,8,11,14,17-Hexaoxanona-decan-19-yl methanesulfonate (IUPAC name:
2-[2-[2-[2-(2-phenylmethoxyethoxy)ethoxy]ethoxy]ethoxy]ethyl methanesulfonate) (CAS No. 1807539-07-6)
(described in statistical reporting number 2909.19.1800)

(10)

Phthalocyanine green 7 quick-set flush pigment, in paste form, Colour Index No. 74260, CAS No. 1328-53-6,
water insoluble (described in statistical reporting number 3204.17.9010)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 230
U.S. Notes (con.)

(11) Quinacridone red 122 quick-set flush pigment pigment, in paste form, Colour Index No. 73915, CAS No. 980-26-7,

water insoluble (described in statistical reporting number 3204.17.9021)

(12)

(13)

(14)

Prepared pigment pastes, containing 41 percent by weight of Colour Index pigment violet 19 (CAS No. 1047-16-1),
35 percent by weight of plastic resins, 20 percent by weight of linseed oil, and 4 percent by weight of methyl esters
of soya fatty acids (methyl soyate), such paste of a kind used for producing printing inks (described in statistical
reporting number 3204.17.9035)

Prepared pigment pastes, containing 40 percent by weight of Colour Index pigment yellow 74 (CAS No. 6358-31-2),
36 percent by weight of plastic resins, 18 percent by weight of linseed oil, and 6 percent by weight of methyl esters
of soya fatty acids (methyl soyate), such paste of a kind used for producing printing inks (described in statistical
reporting number 3204.17.9055)

Prepared pigment pastes, containing 41 percent by weight of Colour Index pigment red 81 (CAS No. 12224-98-5),
35 percent by weight of plastic resins, 20 percent by weight of linseed oil, and 4 percent by weight of methyl esters
of soya fatty acids (methyl soyate), of a kind used for producing printing inks (described in statistical reporting
number 3204.17.9086)

(15) Disposable cloths of nonwoven textile materials impregnated, coated or covered with organic surface-active

preparations for washing the skin, put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number 3401.30.5000)

(16)

Artificial graphite, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 3801.10.5000)

(17) Natural graphite, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 3801.90.0000)

(18)

(19)

(20)

(21)

1,3,5-Triazine-2,4,6-triamine, deammoniated (CAS No. 68649-66-1) (described in statistical reporting number
3810.90.5000)

Plate-type supported catalysts (reaction accelerators) for reduction of nitrous oxides (NOx) with enhanced mercury
oxidation, with oxides of base metals being the active substances, applied to a stainless steel mesh (described
in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Plate-type supported catalysts (reaction accelerators) for reduction of nitrous oxides (NOx), with base metals
being the active substances, applied on a titanium dioxide based ceramic material to a stainless steel mesh
(described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Floor coverings in the form of planks or tiles of vinyl with cores of high density plastic composite or stone polymer
composite, each with a surface layer measuring at least 0.1 mm but not more than 0.8 mm in thickness, the whole
measuring at least 2 mm but not more 8 mm in thickness, at least 12.5 cm but not more than 61 cm in width and
at least 30 cm but not more than 153 cm in length, with edges that are interlocking or simply cut at a 90-degree
angle (described in statistical reporting number 3918.10.1000)

(22) One-piece stoppers, of polypropiolactone (“PPL”) or polylactic acid (“PLA”) polymers, each comprising a disc-shaped

top attached to a rounded, tapered plug with a protruding stirrer, measuring at least 55 mm but not more than
120.7 mm in overall length, and weighing at least 0.6 g but not more than 1.1 g each, of a kind used with lids for
beverage containers (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

(23)

Expandable garden hoses of rubber sheathed in fiber webbing, each with brass fittings (described in statistical
reporting number 4009.32.0050)

(24) New non-radial pneumatic tires of rubber, with tread pattern suitable for use on off-road all-terrain vehicles ("ATV")
and utility task vehicles ("UTV"), measuring at least 70 cm but not more than 105 cm in diameter, and weighing
at least 20 kg but not more than 35 kg (described in statistical reporting number 4011.90.8010)

(25)

(26)

(27)

Vibration control goods of rubber, other than natural rubber, for the vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705 (described
in statistical reporting number 4016.99.5500)

Automotive constant velocity (“CV”) joint boots and rack and pinion bellows, of neoprene (described in statistical
reporting number 4016.99.6050)

Backpacks with outer surface of textile materials of man-made fibers, each with padded and insulated zippered
compartments measuring not more than 27 cm by 19 cm by 21.5 cm (described in statistical reporting number
4202.92.3120)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 231

U.S. Notes (con.)

(28) Cases of textile materials of man-made fibers, each measuring not more than 57 cm by 47 cm by 34 cm, specially

fitted to contain a sewing machine, each with outer pockets, side handles and 4 wheels (described in statistical
reporting number 4202.92.3131)

(29) Cases of man-made fiber, each measuring not more than 40 cm by 27 cm by 9 cm, with clear zippered pockets,

mesh pockets and a carrying handle (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.9100)

(30)

(31)

(32)

(33)

(34)

Three-ply plywood sheets constructed of strips of bamboo, each sheet measuring not more than 122 cm in width
and not more than 244 cm in length and at least 2 cm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number
4412.10.0500)

Laminated flooring consisting of a bamboo surface layer, measuring 1.5 mm in thickness, laminated onto a base
of high density plastic composite or stone plastic composite, each plank measuring at least 7 mm but not more
than 9 mm in thickness, at least 126 mm but not more than 204 mm in width and at least 30 cm but not more than
214 cm in length, with locking edges and vinyl padding (described in statistical reporting number 4412.10.9000)

Printable glitter paper, at least 0.3 mm in thickness, consisting of base paper coated with polyethylene terephthalate
("PET") glitter flakes, in rolls and sheets not more than 145 cm in width, weighing at least 190 g/m2 but not more
than 520 g/m2 (described in statistical reporting number 4811.51.2050)

Printable glitter paper, not more than 0.3 mm in thickness, consisting of a base paper coated with polyethylene
terephthalate (“PET”) glitter flakes, in rolls and sheets not more than 145 cm in width, weighing at least 145 g/m2
but not more than 220 g/m2 (described in statistical reporting number 4811.51.4000)

Printable glitter paper, consisting of base paper coated with polyethylene terephthalate (“PET”) glitter flakes, in
sheets with one side measuring not more than 36 cm and one side measuring not more than 15 cm, weighing at
least 150 g/m2 but not more than 400 g/m2 (described in statistical reporting number 4811.51.6000)

(35) Registers to record financial transactions, to be inserted into booklets, of white paper, each measuring at least
9.5 cm but not more than 10.5 cm by at least 6 cm but not more than 7 cm, each weighing at least 8 g but not
more than 10 g (described in statistical reporting number 4820.10.4000)

(36) Dyed sateen fabric containing at least 85 percent by weight of cotton, measuring at least 292 cm but not more

than 293 cm in width, weighing not more than 210 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number 5208.39.2020)

(37)

(38)

(39)

Limestone with a flamed finish on one side and a length of at least 200 mm but not more than 3,100 mm, a width
of at least 100 mm but not more than 1,380 mm and a thickness of at least 30 mm but not more than 180 mm
(described in statistical reporting number 6802.92.0000)

Sinks and sink pedestals of natural granite for bathroom and kitchen use, each measuring not more than 110 cm
by 95 cm by 95 cm and weighing not more than 415 kg (described in statistical reporting number 6802.93.0090)

Basalt with a flamed finish on one side and a length of at least 200 mm but not more than 3,100 mm, a width of
at least 100 mm but not more than 1,380 mm and a thickness of at least 30 mm but not more than 180 mm
(described in statistical reporting number 6802.99.0060)

(40) Refractory bricks containing 90 percent by weight of silica (described in statistical reporting number 6902.20.1020)

(41) Cylinders of ceramic, excluding those of heading 6902, containing by weight at least 50 percent of alumina (Al2O3)

[(Al2O3)] or of a mixture or compound of alumina and of silica (SiO2) [(SiO2)] (described in statistical reporting
number 6903.20.0000)

(42) Convex rear-view mirrors for vehicles (described in statistical reporting number 7009.10.0000)

(43)

Flat rear-view mirrors for vehicles (described in statistical reporting number 7009.10.0000)

(44) Glass mirrors for use on motor vehicles, unframed and unmounted (described in statistical reporting number

7009.10.0000)

(45) Convex glass cones for cathode-ray tubes (“CRTs”), measuring not more than 32 cm across at base of cone, not

more than 10 cm across at neck, not more than 42 cm from base to top of neck, and weighing not more than 7
kg (described in statistical reporting number 7011.20.4500)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 232
U.S. Notes (con.)

(46) Microscope slides, consisting of glass with ground and polished edges with 45-degree corners, each measuring
25 mm in width, 75 mm in length and 1 mm in thickness, put up for retail sale in 72-piece packages (described in
statistical reporting number 7017.90.1000)

(47)

Laboratory glassware of borosilicate glass, consisting of any of the following: 200 mm Liebig condensers; 100 ml
graduated cylinders, each with a hexagonal base; 50 ml burets (also known as burettes) with stopcocks; 100 ml
volumetric flasks; 9 ml test tubes with rims; 100 ml beakers and 250 ml Erlenmeyer flasks (described in statistical
reporting number 7017.90.5000)

(48) Dielectric nipples of non-alloy steel, with zinc plating and polypropylene lined, measuring at least 1.8 cm National
Pipe Thread (“NPT”) by at least 5 cm but not more than 13 cm in length, weighing at least 0.08 kg but not more
than 0.2 kg (described in statistical reporting number 7307.99.5015)

(49)

(50)

(51)

Kitchen whisks, hand operated, each consisting of loops of wire of steel coated with silicone, in a handle measuring
not more than 26 cm in length and not more than 6 cm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number
7323.99.9030)

Parts of table, kitchen or other household articles, of steel, consisting of a semi-round wire designed to be
incorporated in a trash can as the vertical element to open and close the lid (described in statistical reporting
number 7323.99.9080)

Parts of table, kitchen or other household articles, of steel, each consisting of a semi-round wire designed to be
incorporated in a trash can as the horizontal element to open and close the lid (described in statistical reporting
number 7323.99.9080)

(52) Rail air brake crimp hose fittings of cast iron, each measuring at least 2.5 cm by 10.1 cm by 12.7 cm but not more
than 5.1 by 10.2 cm by 15.3 cm and weighing at least 0.2 kg but not more than 1 kg, conforming to the Association
of American Railroads (“AAR”) specifications M-927 and M-618 (described in statistical reporting number
7325.99.1000)

(53) Rail air brake hose connection support castings, each measuring at least 5 cm by 5 cm by 5 cm but not more

than 12.7 cm by 12.7 cm by 10.2 cm and weighing at least 0.2 kg but not more than 2.3 kg, conforming to
Association of American Railroads (“AAR”) specifications S-4021, S-4003, S-400 and S-4013 (described in
statistical reporting number 7325.99.1000)

(54) Rail air brake hose couplings ("gladhands") (described in statistical reporting number 7325.99.1000)

(55) Rail brake dummy couplings suitable for hose-blocking or testing and calibration of air brake systems, each

measuring at least 2.5 cm by 5 cm by 15.2 cm but not more than 5.1 cm by 7.7 cm by 20.4 cm and weighing at
least 0.2 kg but not more than 1.4 kg, conforming to the Association of American Railroads specifications (“AAR”)
S-436, S-486, and S-491 (described in statistical reporting number 7325.99.1000)

(56)

Parts of natural gas measuring machines and fracking apparatus, valve seat, carrier, and body, of stainless steel,
weighing at least 0.2 kg but not more than 2.3 kg, measuring at least 5 cm but not more than 15.8 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 7325.99.5000)

(57)

Sintered metal fiber filtration media, whether or not of 316L grade stainless steel or other steel alloy, with a
nonwoven porous web structure (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(58)

Pocket clips of base metals for screwdrivers (described in statistical reporting number 8205.40.0000)

(59)

(60)

(61)

Screwdrivers, each measuring at least 12 cm but not more than 14 cm in length, at least 1 cm but not more than
2 cm in depth, weighing at least 13 g but not more than 50 g, with two reversible bits, each bit having heads of
different sizes (described in statistical reporting number 8205.40.0000)

Kitchen and table implements of iron or steel, non-electric, including but not limited to peelers, graters and whisks
(described in statistical reporting number 8205.51.3030)

Kitchen handtools, consisting of vegetable peelers and avocado preparation tools, with stainless steel blades and
handles of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8205.51.7500)

(62) Unfinished hand-operated tube bender of stainless steel (described in statistical reporting number 8205.59.1000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 233

U.S. Notes (con.)

(63)

Parts of handtools of base metal (other than iron, steel, copper or aluminum), each consisting of a valve stem
tool, weighing not more than 5 g, measuring not more than 16 mm by 6 mm by 3 mm (described in statistical
reporting number 8205.59.8000)

(64) Utility knives with carbon steel blades and handles of plastics, each measuring not more than 16 cm by 3.8 cm

by 4.5 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8211.93.0060)

(65) Mountings and brackets for railway air brake systems, each measuring at least 15.2 cm by 7.6 cm by 114 cm and
not more than 42 cm by 34 cm by 115 cm and weighing at least 4 kg and not more than 22 kg, conforming to the
Association of American Railroads (“AAR”) specifications S-475, M-201 and S-401 (described in statistical reporting
number 8302.49.6045)

(66) Racks of steel for storing kayaks, paddle boards and fishing poles (described in statistical reporting number

8302.50.0000)

(67) Clasps, frames with clasps, purse feet and rings, all the foregoing of base metal and of a kind used in the making

of purses and handbags (described in statistical reporting number 8308.90.9000)

(68) Clips, each with an iron spring, polypropylene handle, polystyrene head, with a magnet attached, weighing not
more than 0.1 kg, measuring not more than 9 cm in width, not more than 5 cm in depth and not more than 8.6
cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8308.90.9000)

(69) Carburetors of aluminum, suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines

of heading 8407 (other than for aircraft engines, cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning, and machined
only for the removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery, for vehicles of
subheading 8701.20, or heading 8702, 8703 or 8704 or for marine propulsion engines) (described in statistical
reporting number 8409.91.9990)

(70) Crankcases of aluminum and steel, suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion
piston engines of heading 8407 with a cylinder bore measuring at least 85 mm but not more than 92 mm and a
displacement not more than 1 liter (other than for aircraft engines, cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning,
and machined only for the removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery,
for vehicles of subheading 8701.20, or heading 8702, 8703 or 8704 or for marine propulsion engines) (described
in statistical reporting number 8409.91.9990)

(71)

Vacuum pumps, each composed of a cast aluminum body and an unalloyed steel cover, measuring not more
than 85 mm in length, not more than 75 mm in width and not more than 96 mm in height, with a pump volume not
more than 200 cc, for use in automotive braking systems (described in statistical reporting number 8414.10.0000)

(72)

Agricultural and horticultural sprayers, towable, having a capacity not more than 80 liters (described in statistical
reporting number 8424.41.1000)

(73) Hydraulic floor jacks of steel, each measuring not more than 81 cm by 41 cm by 25 cm, weighing not more than

52 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8425.42.0000)

(74)

(75)

Telescoping hydraulic transmission jacks, each weighing not more than 90 kg, meeting American Society of
Mechanical Engineers Portable Automotive Service Equipment 2014 standard (described in statistical reporting
number 8425.42.0000)

Pallet jacks, not self-propelled, each measuring not more than 160 cm by 70 cm, with a load capacity of at least
1,950 kg but not more than 2,500 kg, with a pump measuring between 89 mm and 105 mm and steel forks with
a Gauge Range between 9-12 (described in statistical reporting number 8427.90.0000 prior to July 1, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8427.90.0090 effective July 1, 2019)

(76)

Parts of heat presses (described in statistical reporting number 8451.90.9090)

(77)

Electric saws for cutting metal pipe, tube, and bar, whereby the blade is brought down to cut metal, not numerically
controlled, new, valued under $3,025 each (described in statistical reporting number 8461.50.8020)

(78) Machine tool base castings of class 30 grey iron or 65-45-12 ductile iron not advanced beyond cleaning, and

machined only for the removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery, other
than machine tools for cutting, grinding or finishing gears, each measuring at least 119 cm but not more than 475
cm in length, at least 56 cm but not more than 206 cm in width and at least 39 cm but not more than 78 cm in
height (described in statistical reporting number 8466.93.1560)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 234
U.S. Notes (con.)

(79) Machine tool bridge castings of class 30 grey iron or 65-45-12 ductile iron not advanced beyond cleaning, and

machined only for the removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery, other
than machine tools for cutting, grinding or finishing gears, each measuring at least 89 cm but not more than 168
cm in length, at least 56 cm but not more than 89 cm in width and at least 35 cm but not more than 89 cm in height
(described in statistical reporting number 8466.93.1560)

(80) Machine tool column castings of class 30 grey iron or 65-45-12 ductile iron not advanced beyond cleaning, and
machined only for the removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery, other
than machine tools for cutting, grinding or finishing gears, each measuring at least 70 cm but not more than 276
cm in length, at least 33 cm but not more than 115 cm in width and at least 14 cm but not more than 107 cm in
height (described in statistical reporting number 8466.93.1560)

(81) Machine tool saddle castings of class 30 grey iron or 65-45-12 ductile iron not advanced beyond cleaning, and

machined only for the removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery, other
than machine tools for cutting, grinding or finishing gears, each measuring at least 56 cm but not more than 700
cm in length, at least 42 cm but not more than 87 cm in width and at least 11 cm but not more than 39 cm in height
(described in statistical reporting number 8466.93.1560)

(82) Machine tool spindle head castings of class 30 grey iron or 65-45-12 ductile iron not advanced beyond cleaning,

and machined only for the removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery,
other than machine tools for cutting, grinding or finishing gears, each measuring at least 39 cm but not more than
87 cm in length, at least 31 cm but not more than 65 cm in width and at least 24 cm but not more than 125 cm in
height (described in statistical reporting number 8466.93.1560)

(83) Machine tool table castings of class 30 grey iron or 65-45-12 ductile iron not advanced beyond cleaning, and

machined only for the removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery, other
than machine tools for cutting, grinding or finishing gears, each measuring at least 74 cm but not more than 250
cm in length, at least 33 cm but not more than 110 cm in width and at least 7 cm but not more than 26 cm in height
(described in statistical reporting number 8466.93.1560)

(84) Molds (other than blow molds or bladder operated molds) of rubber or plastics, not injection or compression type,

for kayaks (described in statistical reporting number 8480.79.9090)

(85) Hand-operated sillcocks of stainless steel, each comprising a tubular stainless steel body, plastic check valve,

hose connector and valve cover designed to mount flush to vertical or horizontal surfaces (described in statistical
reporting number 8481.80.3090)

(86) Reversing valves for heat pumps, each consisting of brass body with internal piston controlled by solenoid,

weighing not more than 0.2 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.9005)

(87) Regulator valves for air pressure (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.9015)

(88)

(89)

Thermostatic expansion self-regulating valves to control refrigerant for use in air conditioning units and systems
(described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.9015)

Air regulator valve assemblies, each weighing not more than 7 kg, with a body, piston or spring and O-rings, with
thermostatic actuators (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.9045)

(90)

Internal combustion engine throttle assembly valves (described in statistical reporting number 8481.80.9050)

(91)

Inductive charging sleeves and base stations, put up for retail sale, containing electronic circuitry to inductively
charge automatic data processing (“ADP”) machines when used together, with output power of at least 1.8 A but
not more than 7.1 A (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.7001)

(92) Modular power supplies for optical telecommunication apparatus, each in a rectangular metal enclosure measuring
at least 96 mm but not more than 305 mm in width, and at least 40 mm but not more than 96 mm in height,
weighing not more than 2 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

(93)

Power supplies capable of converting 230 V/460 W alternating current to 24 V/97 W direct current, each consisting
of a printed circuit board, power supply and a heatsink, enclosed in a metal housing measuring not more than
355 mm by 100 mm by 99 mm (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.9520)

(94)

Power supplies with a power output of at least 150 W but not more than 500 W, each measuring not more than
18 cm by 24 cm by 65 cm, weighing not more than 2.4 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.9530)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 235

U.S. Notes (con.)

(95)

Battery chargers, operating on input voltage of at least 100 V but not more than 240 V, with power output of at
least 650 W but not more than 1,425 W, with wireless control and communications (described in statistical reporting
number 8504.40.9550)

(96) Nickel-metal hydride batteries, with 4.8 V weighing not more than 0.3 kg and measuring 46.5 mm by 46.5 mm by
48.5 mm, or 6 V weighing not more than 0.2 kg and measuring 84 mm by 31 mm by 18 mm (described in statistical
reporting number 8507.50.0000)

(97)

(98)

Bronze fittings for illumination sources, each measuring at least 5 cm, but not more than 10.3 cm in diameter,
with a thickness of at least 1.2 cm but not more than 5.1 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8512.90.6000)

Polycarbonate reflectors, used with illumination sources, each measuring at least 6 cm but not more than 31 cm
in length, and weighing at least 45 g but not more than 227 g (described in statistical reporting number
8512.90.6000)

(99) Reflectors composed of a blend of polycarbonate and acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene, each measuring at least 6

cm but not more than 31 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8512.90.6000)

(100) Detectors for indoor use in security applications, capable of detecting breakage of plate, tempered, laminated or

wired glass types, and sending an alarm signal to a control panel or central call center (described in statistical
reporting number 8531.90.9001)

(101)

Insulated cables, fitted with modular telephone connectors, having outer sheaths of steel (described in statistical
reporting number 8544.42.1000)

(102) Extension cords conforming to Chapter 85 Statistical Note 6, for a voltage not more than 1,000 V, each not more

than 60 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9010)

(103) Cable harnesses, each consisting of insulated copper resolver 24 V feedback cables and 230 V AC and 440 V

AC power cables with connectors assembled together, whether or not with Ethernet cables, with a net weight not
more than 7.3 kg, of a kind used for industrial robots (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(104) Flat wire harnesses with connectors, for a voltage not more than 1,000 V, for connecting automotive engine

heating products, including but not limited to block heaters, to a power source (described in statistical reporting
number 8544.42.9090)

(105)

Insulated copper cables twisted together in 3-wire or 6-wire groups with connectors, for a voltage not more than
1,000 V, each with a net weight of 1.4 kg and not more than 1.2 m in length, of a kind designed to power industrial
robots (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(106) Junction box assemblies, of a kind used in solar panels, incorporating three bypass diodes and two insulated

cables fitted with connectors, for a voltage not more than 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number
8544.42.9090)

(107) Bumpers of round tubing or flat sheets of steel, for the front, sides or rear of off-road all-terrain vehicles (“ATVs”)

or utility task vehicles (“UTVs”) (described in statistical reporting number 8708.10.3050)

(108) Motor vehicle bumper underside attachments, designed to be incorporated onto the vehicles of headings 8701

to 8705 (described in statistical reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(109) Spoilers, splitters, diffusers and other devices that provide aerodynamic downforce and engine covers (“hoods”),

all the foregoing of fiberglass reinforced plastics or carbon fiber, for the vehicles of heading 8703 (described in
statistical reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(110) Tonneau covers for pickup trucks, each with soft vinyl panels that fold (described in statistical reporting number

8708.29.5060)

(111) Wheel spacers of aluminum suitable for use on all-terrain vehicles (“ATV”) and utility task vehicles (“UTV”)

(described in statistical reporting number 8708.70.6060)

(112) Radiator tubes of clad aluminum, high frequency welded, each measuring not more than 310 cm (described in

statistical reporting number 8708.91.7550)

(113) Flange forgings of Society of Automotive Engineers (“SAE”) 1035 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.40.7570)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 236
U.S. Notes (con.)

(114) Front output shafts of Society of Automotive Engineers (“SAE”) 1045 carbon steel suitable for use in automatic

transmission systems for passenger motor vehicles (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.6890)

(115) Housings of aluminum used for integrated wheel-end disconnect systems, which lock and disengage the front

hubs when switching between 2- and 4-wheel drive (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.6890)

(116) Hub forgings of Society of Automotive Engineers (“SAE”) 1035 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.40.7570)

(117) Park gear blanks of Society of Automotive Engineers (“SAE”) 1520 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.40.7570)

(118) Stator shafts of Stahlwerk Annahutte ZF34C grade carbon steel (described in statistical reporting number

8708.40.7570)

(119) Cargo carriers of powder-coated steel designed to fit into receiver hitches of vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705,
each measuring not more than 123 cm by 83 cm by 20 cm, with a capacity not more than 228 kg, incorporating
a loading ramp (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(120) Front triangles of carbon fiber for bicycle frames (described in statistical reporting number 8714.91.9000)

(121) Rear wheel swing arms of carbon fiber for bicycle frames (described in statistical reporting number 8714.91.9000)

(122) Bicycle wheel rims, of carbon fiber, with outer reinforcement around nipple holes, each valued at least $100

(described in statistical reporting number 8714.92.1000)

(123) Parts of trailer axles described herein: spindles, spindle brake flanges, brake spiders, tie plates or torsion arms

(described in statistical reporting number 8716.90.5010)

(124) Wheels with polyurethane tread over polypropylene hubs, each of a diameter measuring not more than 210 mm
(described in statistical reporting number 8716.90.5045 prior to January 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 8716.90.5048 effective January 1, 2020)

(125) Retractable measuring tapes of steel, each measuring at least 3.5 m but not more than 7.8 m in length, weighing

at least 90 g but not more than 310 g (described in statistical reporting number 9017.80.0000)

(126) Tape measures, each consisting of a steel tape in a housing of translucent plastics, each measuring at least 3 m

but not more than 3.1 m in length, weighing at least 77.1 g but not more than 77.2 g (described in statistical
reporting number 9017.80.0000)

(127) Flexible probes, each measuring at least 1 m but not more than 2 m in length, with a thermistor heat sensor in

the tip which transmits heat data directly to a temperature monitor (described in statistical reporting number
9025.90.0600)

(128) Metal casings for, and metal parts of, thermometers of subheading 9025.11.40 designed for use in heating,

ventilation and air conditioning (“HVAC”) equipment (described in statistical reporting number 9025.90.0600)

(129) Parts and accessories of thermometers and combinations of thermometers and other instruments, each consisting
of a solar radiation shield comprising a housing composed of 99 percent plastics and 1 percent base metal with
an integrated hanger loop, weighing not more than 300 g (described in statistical reporting number 9025.90.0600)

(130) Upholstered chairs with wooden frames, other than of teak, not for children or households (described in statistical

reporting number 9401.61.4031)

(131) Seats for infants with steel frames attached to plastic bases, upholstered with textile coverings, each suitable for
serving as a stable seat for giving an infant a bath (described in statistical reporting number 9401.71.0011)

(132) Unassembled upholstered chairs with metal frames, other than household chairs, with seats and backs having a
shell of plastics or wood and measuring at least 48 cm but not more than 61 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 9401.71.0031)

(133) Upholstered chairs with frames of iron or steel (described in statistical reporting number 9401.71.0031)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 237

U.S. Notes (con.)

(134) Outdoor household seats with aluminum frames covered in polyethylene rattan wicker, with textile covered cushions

(described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0011)

(135) Seats with metal frames, not upholstered, not folding, suitable for stacking (described in statistical reporting number

9401.79.0050)

(136) Children's rocking stools of plastics, each with a convex-shaped base (described in statistical reporting number

9401.80.2031)

(137) Bench frames of cast aluminum, each measuring at least 42 cm but not more than 79 cm in height, and at least

52 cm but not more than 62 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.5081)

(138) Greaseless cylinders, each measuring at least 7.5 cm but not more than 45 cm in height and having a diameter

of not more than 5.1 cm (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.5081)

(139) Parts of furniture, consisting of pivoting back supports for chairs (described in statistical reporting number

9401.90.5081)

(140) Outdoor household tables with aluminum frames covered in polyethylene rattan wicker (described in statistical

reporting number 9403.20.0050)

(141) Bicycle racks of galvanized or black powder coated steel, each comprising one, three or five loops of tubing

measuring not more than 7 cm in outside diameter, for either surface or in-ground mount (described in statistical
reporting number 9403.20.0090)

(142) Over-bed tables, height-adjustable, each with a steel base with casters and a high-density wooden laminate top

with a tilting mechanism (described in statistical reporting number 9403.60.8081)

(143) Light-emitting diode (“LED”) desk lamps, other than of base metal, each with height adjustable from at least 28

cm to not more than 61 cm, with flexible neck, touch switch controlling power and four brightness settings for
natural daylight LEDs, with or without 5 V, 2.1 A Universal Serial Bus (“USB”) charging port (described in statistical
reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(144) Light-emitting diode (“LED”) floor-standing lamps, other than of base metal, each with height adjustable from at
least 124 cm to not more than 181 cm, with flexible neck, touch switch controlling power and brightness settings
for natural daylight quality LED illumination, including memory feature to remember last brightness setting when
lamp is turned on (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(145) Light-emitting diode (“LED”) floor-standing or table lamps, other than of base metal, each with height adjustable
from at least 100 cm to not more than 145 cm with flexible neck, with 2X magnifier measuring not more than 12.8
cm in diameter with 4X spot magnifier (described in statistical reporting number 9405.20.8010)

(146) Modular, prefabricated buildings, each with a steel frame (described in statistical reporting number 9406.90.0030)

(zz)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.15
shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the following enumerated statistical
reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

3306.20.0000

6506.10.6030

8512.10.4000

[Provision deleted.]

Disposable identification wristbands of plastics, designed to be worn by patients during medical procedures, each
consisting of a plastics strip with an integrated window for inserting paper with relevant patient identification
information, such bracelets measuring 0.95 cm or more but not more than 3.2 cm in width and having a secure
closure(described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

XXII
99 - III - 238
U.S. Notes (con.)

(6)

(7)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

[Provision deleted.]

Tracking devices, each device measuring not more than 86 mm on a side (if rectangular) or 28 mm in diameter
(if circular) and not more than 7.5 mm in thickness, not weighing more than 15 g, designed to be attached to
another article and to establish a Bluetooth connection with another device for the purposes of providing relative
location information (described in statistical reporting number 8517.62.0090)

(8)

Wireless communication apparatus capable of receiving audio data to be distributed to wireless speakers (described
in statistical reporting number 8517.62.0090)

(aaa) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and (f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties provided for in heading
9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

0713.33.1040

0713.50.1000

1207.70.0020

1207.70.0040

1209.30.0090

1209.91.6010

1209.91.8010

1209.91.8020

1209.91.8040

(10)

1209.91.8050

(11)

1209.91.8060

(12)

1209.91.8070

(13)

2916.19.1000

(14)

5603.14.9090

(15)

5603.92.0090

(16)

5603.93.0090

(17)

9403.70.4002

(18)

(19)

(20)

Freeze-dried or frozen bloodworms (Chironomidae), of a kind used as pet feed, put up for retail sale (described
in statistical reporting number 0511.91.0090)

Freeze-dried or frozen brine shrimp (Artemia franciscana), whole, of a kind used as pet feed, put up for retail sale
(described in statistical reporting number 0511.91.0090)

Freeze-dried shrimp (Penaeus spp.), whole, of a kind used as pet feed, put up for retail sale (described in statistical
reporting number 0511.91.0090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 239

U.S. Notes (con.)

(21)

Freeze-dried tubifex worms, whole, of a kind used as pet feed, put up for retail sale in induction-sealed plastic
cans each with a net weight of at least 23 g but not more than 43 g (described in statistical reporting number
0511.91.0090)

(22) Dried green seaweed (Porphyra spp.), of a kind used as pet feed, put up for retail sale in containers comprising

24 pre-cut sheets packaged in resealable plastic bags each with a net weight of 23 g (described in statistical
reporting number 1212.29.0000)

(23)

Sodium permanganate (CAS No. 10101-50-5) in 40 percent aqueous solution (described in statistical reporting
number 2841.69.0010)

(24)

Boron carbide (CAS No. 12069-32-8) in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 2849.90.1000)

(25) Children's acrylic paint sets, each comprising either 6, 12 or 24 jars or pots of different colors of paints, each jar
or pot containing at least 5 ml but not more than 23 ml, with a paint brush, such sets put up for retail sale (described
in statistical reporting number 3213.10.0000)

(26) Children's rock painting kits, each comprising various colors of acrylic paints, a paint brush and rocks, each group
of rocks weighing at least 900 g but not more than 1,400 g, and accessories including but not limited to swirl sticks
or transfer sheets (described in statistical reporting number 3213.10.0000)

(27) Children's washable tempera paint sets, each comprising 5 pots of different colors of paints, each pot containing
5 ml, presented with or without a paint brush and put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number
3213.10.0000)

(28) Organic surface-active liquid for washing the skin, not containing any aromatic or modified aromatic surface-active
agent, put up for retail sale in a bottle of plastics with pump-action top, each bottle measuring not more than 17
cm in width, not more than 27 cm in height and not more than 6.5 cm in length and with a net weight of not more
than 0.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 3401.30.5000)

(29)

(30)

Toilet seal rings of artificial or prepared waxes (other than polyethylene glycol waxes, waxes containing bleached
beeswax or chemically modified lignite waxes) (described in statistical reporting number 3404.90.5150)

Artificial graphite, in powder or flake form, for manufacturing into the lithium-ion anode component of batteries
(described in statistical reporting number 3801.10.5000)

(31) Mixtures of ammonium ethyl carbamoylphosphonate (Fosamine-ammonium) (CAS No. 25954-13-6) and application

adjuvants (described in statistical reporting number 3808.93.5050)

(32) Refrigerant gas R-421B, comprising mixtures containing at least 83 percent but not more than 87 percent by

weight of pentafluoroethane, at least 13 percent but not more than 17 percent by weight of 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethane,
and at least 0.5 percent but not more than 2 percent by weight of lubricant (described in statistical reporting number
3824.78.0020)

(33)

Silicon monoxide (SiO) (CAS No. 10097-28-6) in powder form (described in statistical reporting number
3824.99.9297)

(34) Washing machine tub seals of acrylonitrile-butadiene rubber ("NBR"), each bottom seal incorporating a radial ball

bearing and locking pin and each top seal presented with a metal shroud and grease installed (described in
statistical reporting number 4016.93.5020)

(35) Grommets, of acrylonitrile-butadiene rubber ("NBR"), each with an inner diameter of not more than 6 cm and an
outer diameter of not more than 8 cm, each weighing not more than 10 g, of a kind used in automotive fuel
assemblies (described in statistical reporting number 4016.99.6050)

(36) Handbags with outer surface of sheeting of plastics, each measuring not more than 35 cm in width, not more than

20.5 cm in height and not more than 30 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 4202.22.1500)

(37) Coin purses with outer surface of laminated plastics, each measuring not more than 8 cm in length, not more than
8 cm in height, and not more than 3 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 4202.32.1000)

(38) Garment travel bags of man-made fibers, each weighing at least 0.9 kg but not more than 1.9 kg, measuring at
least 100 cm but not more than 170 cm in length, with zippered compartments, with handles to carry in a folded
condition and a hanger clamp (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 240
U.S. Notes (con.)

(39)

(40)

Flooring planks, each measuring at least 121 cm but not more than 122 cm in length and at least 12.7 cm but not
more than 19.7 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 4411.13.2000)

Boxes of wood, each measuring not more than 30 cm by 13 cm by 20 cm, with hinged top, handle of base metals
and 2 clasps (described in statistical reporting number 4420.90.8000)

(41) Wood dowel pins, plain, other than coniferous, of birch (Betula spp.), each measuring at least 19.5 cm but not
more than 38.5 cm in length and at least 4.7 mm but not more than 8 mm in thickness (described in statistical
reporting number 4421.99.1500)

(42)

Polypropylene roofing underlayment (described in statistical reporting number 4602.90.0000)

(43) Diaries, bound, each containing at least 40 sheets but not more than 60 sheets of paper, each presented in a kit

also containing a pen and stickers (described in statistical reporting number 4820.10.2010)

(44)

Albums for samples or collections, each containing at least 15 pages but not more than 20 pages, put up for retail
sale in kits, each also containing cards and envelopes, a glue stick, a stencil, a pair of scissors, stamps, sticker
sheets, sparkling gemstones, markers and pens (described in statistical reporting number 4820.50.0000)

(45) Rugs of hand-knotted pile, of nylon and polypropylene, measuring at least 1.2 m2 (described in statistical reporting

number 5701.90.1010)

(46)

(47)

(48)

Prepared painting canvas panel boards, each board containing by weight 50 percent canvas, other than of canvas
man-made fibers, and 50 percent paper, in sizes measuring at least 9 cm but not more than 29 cm in width, at
least 14 cm but not more than 37 cm in height and at least 0.6 cm but not more than 3.5 cm in thickness, put up
for retail sale in kits each containing not more than 12 boards (described in statistical reporting number
5901.90.4000)

Equipment for scaffolding, comprising galvanized steel frames, posts, planks, bay braces, ledgers, components
and accessories, for assembly in ringlock or cuplock configurations measuring at least 10 cm but not more than
3.3 m in height and at least 4 cm but not more than 8.8 m in width, weighing not more than 91 kg, with a load
capacity not more than 2,750 kg (described in statistical reporting number 7308.40.0000)

Equipment for scaffolding, comprising powder coated or galvanized welded tubular steel frames, braces, guard
rail systems, components and accessories, the foregoing for assembly into frame and brace configurations
measuring at least 10 cm but not more than 3.3 m in height and at least 4 cm but not more than 8.8 m in width,
weighing not more than 91 kg, with a load capacity not more than 2,750 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 7308.40.0000)

(49) Drums and barrels, of stainless steel, presented empty, each with a capacity of at least 50 liters but not more than
60 liters and weighing at least 12 kg but not more than 15 kg (described in statistical reporting number 7310.10.0010
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 7310.10.0015 effective July 1, 2020)

(50) Containers of stainless steel, of circular cross section, closed by soldering, each with a volume capacity at least
11.4 liters but not more than 26.6 liters, of a kind used for the conveyance of beer (described in statistical reporting
number 7310.21.0025)

(51)

(52)

(53)

(54)

Screws of stainless steel, having shanks or threads with a diameter of at least 6 mm, self-threading with Philips
head (described in statistical reporting number 7318.15.8082)

Portable grills of iron or steel designed for use with both charcoal and propane as fuels, each presented with a
porcelain-coated cast iron cooking grid, a charcoal tray, an air damper, a temperature gauge and independently
controlled stainless steel burners (described in statistical reporting number 7321.11.1060)

Stainless steel cover assemblies with side shields, comprising parts of stoves and ranges, with cast aluminum
front section and black textured finish, each weighing not more than 2.8 kg and measuring at least 35 cm in depth,
at least 47 cm in width, and at least 4 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 7321.90.1000)

Stainless steel drop-in cooktop assemblies comprising parts of stoves and ranges, with two burners, each weighing
not more than 1.2 kg and measuring at least 33 cm in depth, at least 45 cm in width, and at least 2 cm in height
(described in statistical reporting number 7321.90.1000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 241

U.S. Notes (con.)

(55)

(56)

(57)

(58)

(59)

Steel drop-in burner box assemblies comprising parts of stoves and ranges, each weighing not more than 4.5 kg
and measuring at least 30 cm in depth, at least 43 cm in width and at least 10 cm in height (described in statistical
reporting number 7321.90.1000)

Steel drop-in cooktop assemblies comprising parts of stoves and ranges, with black porcelain, with two burners,
each weighing not more than 1.2 kg and measuring at least 12 cm in depth, at least 17 cm in width and at least
0.4 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 7321.90.1000)

Steel drop-in cover assemblies with clear or opaque glass comprising parts of stoves and ranges, each measuring
not more than 0.4 cm in thickness and at least 42 cm by 52 cm by 4 cm (described in statistical reporting number
7321.90.1000)

Steel griddles comprising parts of stoves and ranges, each measuring at least 47 cm in length, at least 35 cm in
width and at least 18 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 7321.90.1000)

Tailor welded blanks of hot-formed steel sheets, cut into D-shaped form, each measuring not more than 2 mm
by not more than 1.6 mm (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(60) Water bottle art kits, each comprising a water bottle of aluminum that is Bisphenol A ("BPA")-free, a carabiner

clip, with color markers and adhesive acrylic gems, each kit not more than 0.3 kg in weight (described in statistical
reporting number 7616.99.5190)

(61)

(62)

(63)

Tungsten carbide rock drilling core bits, with at least 10 percent but not more than 11 percent cobalt content by
weight (described in statistical reporting number 8207.19.3060)

Pet identification tags of aluminum, each with accompanying split ring for attachment to a collar and weighing not
more than 15 g (described in statistical reporting number 8302.49.4000)

Pet identification tags of chrome coated brass, each weighing not more than 10 g (described in statistical reporting
number 8302.49.4000)

(64) Gun safes with digital keypads, of base metal, each weighing at least 148 kg but not more than 422 kg, measuring
at least 141 cm but not more than 183 cm in height, at least 55 cm but not more than 107 cm in width and at least
40 cm but not more than 71 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 8303.00.0000)

(65) Wind turbine hubs (described in statistical reporting number 8412.90.9081)

(66) Upright coolers incorporating refrigerating equipment, each measuring not more than 77 cm in width, not more
than 78 cm in depth and not more than 200 cm in height, weighing not more than 127 kg, with one swing-type
transparent glass door (described in statistical reporting number 8418.50.0080)

(67)

(68)

Fuel filters for internal combustion engines, employing paper filtering media, each measuring at least 7 cm but
not more than 16 cm in diameter, weighing not more than 120 g (described in statistical reporting number
8421.23.0000)

Shipping scales, of aluminum, containing stainless steel and acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene ("ABS") plastics, with
a maximum weighing capacity of not more than 30 kg, with a graphical display, with a flat top measuring at least
26 cm but not more than 32 cm by at least 29 cm but not more than 36 cm (described in statistical reporting
number 8423.81.0040)

(69)

Portal cranes, each with a jib or operating arm to extend horizontally from the crane and run on rails, with the
crane sitting on a pedestal, each crane with lifting capacity of at least 200 t (described in statistical reporting
number 8426.30.0000)

(70)

Self-regulating valves to control fuel pressure for automotive and marine applications (described in statistical
reporting number 8481.80.9015)

(71) Headlamp assemblies for passenger cars and trucks of subheading 8701.20 or heading 8702, 8703, 8704 or

8705, each comprising a plastic housing, a clear polycarbonate ("PC") lens and light bulbs (described in statistical
reporting number 8512.20.2040)

(72)

Battery holders for bicycle signaling apparatus (described in statistical reporting number 8512.90.2000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 242
U.S. Notes (con.)

(73) Countertop ovens of stainless steel and plastic, each with capacity of not more than 23 liters and measuring not
more than 48 cm in width, not more than 32 cm in depth, and not more than 30 cm in height, weighing not more
than 10 kg, each oven with convection, bake, steam and broil functions, controlled manually or by a WiFi-enabled
signal (described in statistical reporting number 8516.60.4074)

(74) Resonant circuit tags, consisting of at least a tuned capacitor and an antenna, designed for use with a radio

frequency surveillance system, the foregoing tags not equipped with memory storage capability or other media
(described in statistical reporting number 8531.90.9001)

(75) Die-cast aluminum alloy running boards for motor vehicles of headings 8701 to 8705, each measuring not more
than 230 cm in length, not more than 21 cm in width and not more than 3 cm in thickness (described in statistical
reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(76) Unassembled non-upholstered chairs with metal frames (other than household chairs) with seats and backs having
a shell of plastics or wood and measuring at least 48 cm but not more than 61 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 9401.79.0050)

(77)

(78)

Floor-standing jewelry armoires of medium density fiberboard panels and wood veneer, with locking mechanism
(described in statistical reporting number 9403.60.8081)

Floor-standing jewelry armoires with walnut finish, with locking mechanism, mirrored lid, multiple drawers and
compartments, measuring not more than 46.5 cm in length, not more than 35 cm in width and not more than 96
cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 9403.60.8081)

(79) Motorboats with displacement hulls of reinforced fiberglass and wood, each motorboat measuring not less than
14.47 m and not more than 36.57 m in length and weighing not less than 28 t and not more than 363 t, powered
by inboard engines, other than inboard/outdrive (described in statistical reporting number 8903.92.0065)

(80) Wallets, whether or not with wrist straps, of reinforced plastics, each measuring at least 17.5 cm long by 2 cm

wide by 11 cm high and not more than 19 cm long by 2 cm wide by 11 cm high (described in statistical reporting
number 4202.32.1000) [Compiler's note: effective with respect to goods entered for consumption, or
withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on September
24, 2018, and before August 7, 2020]

(81) Mixtures containing N,Ndimethyldodecan-1-amine (CAS No. 112–18–5) and N,N-dimethyltetradecan-1-amine

(CAS No. 112–75–4) (described in statistical reporting number 3824.99.9297) [Compiler's note: effective with
respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after
12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on September 24, 2018, and before August 7, 2020]

(bbb) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.49, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
following enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

5210.11.4040

5210.11.6020

Down of ducks or geese, not further worked than cleaned, disinfected or treated for preservation, meeting both
test standards 4 and 10.1 of Federal Standard 148a promulgated by the General Services Administration, with a
fill power of at least 315 cm3/g but not more than 580 cm3/g (described in statistical reporting number 0505.10.0055)

Cyanuric chloride (IUPAC name: 2,4,6-trichloro-1,3,5-triazine) (CAS No. 108-77-0), 99.5 percent or higher in purity
(described in statistical reporting number 2933.69.6010)

Kneeling pads of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 3924.90.5650)

Fittings of plastics, of a kind used to connect mop heads with mop handles(described in statistical reporting number
3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 243

U.S. Notes (con.)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Printed books, in the Chinese language (other than dictionaries and encyclopedias, textbooks, directories, bibles,
testaments, prayer books and other religious books, technical, scientific and professional books, art and pictorial
books, hardbound books, and rack size paperbound books), containing 49 or more pages each (excluding covers)
(described in statistical reporting number 4901.99.0093)

Women's cut and sewn garden gloves, without fourchettes, cut and sewn from preexisting machine knitted fabric
of polyester and cotton jersey, containing 50 percent or more by weight of rubber or plastics, clute cut (described
in statistical reporting number 6116.10.4400)

Gloves cut and sewn of machine knitted fabric, without fourchettes, with applied polyvinyl chloride dots, such
gloves containing 50 percent or more by weight of cotton, man-made fibers or wool, or any combination thereof
and subject to man-made fiber restraints (described in statistical reporting number 6116.10.5520)

(10) Gloves, containing less than 50 percent by weight of textile fibers, coated with rubber or plastics designed for

enhanced grip (described in statistical reporting number 6116.10.6500)

(11) Gloves, cut and sewn of knitted fabric in chief weight of polyester, not impregnated, coated or covered with plastics

or rubber, without fourchettes (described in statistical reporting number 6116.93.8800)

(12) Gloves of vegetable fibers, without fourchettes, with applied dots of polyvinyl chloride (described in statistical

reporting number 6216.00.1720)

(13)

Shells for pillows and comforters made from microfiber fabric consisting of filament yarns not more than 1.22
decitex, such fabric with a weight of at least 55 g/m2 but not more than 155 g/m2(described in statistical reporting
number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July
1, 2020)

(14) Round wire of nonalloy steel, hot-dipped galvanized with zinc, containing by weight less than 0.25 percent carbon,

measuring at least 1.5 mm in diameter (described in statistical reporting number 7217.20.3000)

(15) Ring binder mechanisms for loose leaf binders, each measuring at least 132 mm but not more than 134 mm in

length and at least 16 mm but not more than 18 mm in width, with 2 prongs seated underneath housing (described
in statistical reporting number 8305.10.0010)

(16)

(17)

Three-way hand-operated valve part of brass, suitable for use as an input part on irrigation-grade valves (described
in statistical reporting number 8481.90.1000)

Lithium-ion batteries of a form other than size designations of the International Electrotechnical Commission
(“IEC”) or the American National Standards Institute (“ANSI”), each producing not more than 45 V, with a capacity
of at least 6,000 milliamp hours (mAh) but not more than 10 A hours (described in statistical reporting number
8507.60.0020)

(18) Optical channel splitters (capable of converting between electrical signals and multiplexed optical signals) (described

in statistical reporting number 8517.62.0090)

(19)

(20)

(21)

Television liquid crystal display (“LCD”) main board assemblies, each consisting of a printed circuit board containing
a television tuner and audio and video components (described in statistical reporting number 8529.90.1300)

Safety spectacle frames of plastics conforming to U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration standards
(described in statistical reporting number 9003.11.0000)

Spectacle frames of plastics conforming to U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulations as approved medical
devices (described in statistical reporting number 9003.11.0000)

(22)

Spectacle frames, other than of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 9003.19.0000)

(23)

Liquid crystal display (“LCD”) modules, not capable of receiving or processing a broadcast television signal, each
with a video display diagonal measuring not more than 191 cm (described in statistical reporting number
9013.80.9000)

(24) Watch cases of stainless steel and titanium, not gold- or silver-plated, unassembled, each measuring at least 20
mm but not more than 48 mm in diameter and weighing at least 50 g but not more than 250 g (described in
statistical reporting number 9111.20.4000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 244
U.S. Notes (con.)

(25) Wristwatch cases of stainless steel, not gold- or silver-plated, including the sapphire crystal, the crown and the

case back, each measuring at least 39 mm but not more than 41 mm in diameter and at least 8 mm but not more
than 10 mm in thickness, weighing not more than 40 g (described in statistical reporting number 9111.20.4000)

(26) Watch dials of brass, each measuring at least 18 mm but not exceeding 50 mm in width and weighing at least 10

g but not more than 20 g (described in statistical reporting number 9114.30.4000)

(27) Wristwatch dials of copper, each measuring at least 33 mm but not more than 35 mm in diameter (described in

statistical reporting number 9114.30.4000)

(28) Wristwatch hands, presented in sets each containing three hands (second, minute and hour) of copper, each

hand measuring at least 10 mm but not more than 14 mm in length, faced with lume paint (described in statistical
reporting number 9114.90.4000)

(29)

Parts of child safety seats (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.1085)

(30) Unfinished pads and seats for weight-training exercise machines (described in statistical reporting number

9506.91.0030)

(31)

Fish hooks, not snelled (described in statistical reporting number 9507.20.8000)

(32) Mop heads of polyester and rayon, lint free, disposable (described in statistical reporting number 9603.90.8050)

(33)

Tufts of swine hair bristles, oriented with the soft feather tipped ends of the hairs facing up and the hard, root ends
of the hairs facing down, with the root ends of the hairs glued together to form a round bottom not more than 7
mm in diameter, for incorporation into brushes (described in statistical reporting number 9603.90.8050)

(34)

Electrical spark lighters (described in statistical reporting number 9613.80.2090)

(ccc) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.50, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Oil well and oil field crank-balanced, long-stroke and beam pumps (described in statistical reporting number
8413.50.0010)

Centrifugal pumps, submersible, other than for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard;
the foregoing pumps rated not over 15 kW (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

Submersible pump incorporating a magnetic drive motor (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

Centrifugal pumps designed for eliminating condensate, the foregoing not elsewhere specified or included
(described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2090)

Housings for water pumps of subheading 8413.30.90 (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9010)

Solar water heaters incorporating glass tube heat collectors and including glass tubes and stands with tanks
(described in statistical reporting number 8419.19.0040)

Heat exchanger plates, cores, finned tubes, cones, shells, bonnets, flanges and baffles (described in statistical
reporting number 8419.90.3000)

Garage door opener/closers (described in statistical reporting number 8428.90.0290)

Pile drivers, diesel powered (described in statistical reporting number 8430.10.0000)

(10) Welded frames designed to support conveyor rollers (described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(11) Coupling covers, including center members, flanged hubs, sleeves and shoes (described in statistical reporting

number 8483.90.8010)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 245

U.S. Notes (con.)

(12)

AC multi-phase motors, each of an output exceeding 300 kW but not exceeding 310 kW, fitted with pulleys and
brakes to raise and lower passenger elevators (described in statistical reporting number 8501.53.8040)

(13) Regenerative speed drive controllers for controlling speed of electric motors for elevators (described in statistical

reporting number 8504.40.4000)

(14)

Speed drive controllers for electric motors, each such controller measuring 100 mm or more but not over 130 mm
in length, 40 mm or more but not over 125 mm in width and 24 mm or more but not over 85 mm in height (described
in statistical reporting number 8504.40.4000)

(15)

Projector parts (described in statistical reporting number 8529.90.9900)

(16) Disposable surface electrodes for intra-operative neuromonitoring (“IONM”) systems, each composed of a surface
electrode pad, an insulated wire, and a standard DIN 42802 connector (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9560)

(ddd) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.51, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
following enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Cynomolgus macaques (Macaca fascicularis) (also known as crab-eating macaques or long-tailed macaques)
and rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta), captive bred for research (described in statistical reporting number
0106.11.0000)

Feathers of a kind used for stuffing, of ducks or geese, not further worked than cleaned, disinfected or treated for
preservation, the foregoing other than feathers meeting both test standards 4 and 10.1 of Federal Standard 148a
promulgated by the General Services Administration (described in statistical reporting number 0505.10.0060)

Baby bottle nipples of silicone plastics, whether or not presented with closure rings for attaching to bottles (described
in statistical reporting number 3924.90.0500)

Compressive eye masks of blended cotton and spandex fabric, containing low-density polyethylene beads, of a
kind used for mitigating migraine headaches or eyestrain (described in statistical reporting number 3924.90.5650)

Shower heads of plastics, designed to be fixed, hand-held, height-adjustable or combinations thereof, and parts
of such shower heads (described in statistical reporting number 3924.90.5650)

A-Frame or sandwich board signs of plastics, which can be folded flat for storage and do not contain printed matter
(described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Brackets of plastics, suitable for mounting on a vertical surface, each measuring at least 90 mm but not more
than 200 mm in height, at least 32 mm but not more than 80 mm in width and at least 64 mm but not more than
80 mm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Covers of plastics for battery compartments in combination weather sensors, each cover measuring not more
than 90 mm in height by not more than 140 mm in width and valued over $0.60 but not over $0.70 per piece
(described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Tapered sound-dampening earplugs, each consisting of two plugs of foamed plastics connected by a plastic cord,
each plug measuring not more than 3 cm in length and not more than 2 cm in diameter, presented with a carrying
case of plastics measuring not more than 6.5 cm in length and not more than 4.5 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985
effective July 1, 2020)

(10) Wallpaper, other than described in subheading 4814.20.00, with floral, landscape, figure or abstract designs or

solid backgrounds painted by hand, whether or not with applications of metal leaf (described in statistical reporting
number 4814.90.0200)

XXII
99 - III - 246
U.S. Notes (con.)

(11)

(12)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Printed art and pictorial books, valued under $5 each, hardbound, each with silver foil cover and a depiction of
the main character on the cover and silver foil and embossing on the dust jacket, with dimensions of at least 13.5
cm but not more than 14.5 cm in length by at least 21 cm but not more than 22 cm in height by at least 2 cm but
not more than 3 cm in width and weighing at least 500 g but not more than 600 g (described in statistical reporting
number 4901.99.0060)

Printed art and pictorial books, each valued at least $5 but not more than $17, each measuring at least 22 cm but
not more than 39 cm in height and at least 14 cm but not more than 32 cm in width, weighing not more than 3 kg,
with die-cut or tipped-in extra pages and bound with foil stamping or with silkscreen on the cover stock (described
in statistical reporting number 4901.99.0065)

(13) Dust covers of knitted polyester fabric, designed for bed mattresses and pillows (described in statistical reporting

number 6302.10.0020)

(14)

Pillow covers, not knitted or crocheted, of woven fabrics in chief weight of cotton, with a thread count of at least
1,450/cm2 but not more than 3,900/cm2, each measuring at least 44 cm but not more than 57 cm in width and at
least 62 cm but not more than 139 cm in length, incorporating a zippered opening (described in statistical reporting
number 6304.92.0000)

(15) Comforter shells of fabric in chief weight of polyester, each measuring at least 171 cm but not more than 202 cm
in width and at least 227 cm but not more than 230 cm in length, weighing not more than 90 g/m2, with an opening
on one side (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(16)

(17)

(18)

(19)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(23)

Fabric shells for backrests in chief weight of polyester fabric (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Fabric shells for cushions in chief weight of polyester fiber, designed for use with seats of heading 9401 (other
than seats for aircraft or motor vehicles) (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1,
2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Shells for life jackets of manmade fibers (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1,
2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Shells for pillows and comforters of microfiber fabric (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior
to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Athletic, recreational and sporting headgear comprising shells of polyvinyl chloride, polycarbonate plastic or
acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, each with an inner liner of expanded polypropylene or expanded polystyrene,
designed for use with bicycles (described in statistical reporting number 6506.10.6045)

Bright C1060 round wire, plated or coated with zinc, containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of carbon, with a
diameter measuring 0.034 mm or more but less than 1 mm (described in statistical reporting number 7217.20.4530)

Bars and rods of high speed steel, not cold formed, of circular cross-section, in lengths of at least 10 cm but not
more than 50 cm (described in statistical reporting number 7228.10.0010)

Seamless tubes, of circular cross-section, of 304L stainless steel, cold-rolled, with an external diameter of not
more than 21.1 mm, with the thickness of the tube wall not more than 2.9 mm, each tube measuring at least 2,964
mm but not more than 6,350 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 7304.41.6045)

(24) Razors of stainless steel, each measuring at least 11 cm but not more than 13 cm in length, weighing not more

than 100 g, having a single edge (described in statistical reporting number 8212.10.0000)

(25)

Sewing machines of the household type, each weighing not more than 22.5 kg, having a touch screen control, a
sewing light, a presser foot lifter and an automatic needle threader (described in statistical reporting number
8452.10.0090)

(26) Gasoline-powered earth-drilling power augers, each weighing not more than 16 kg, having a gasoline engine of

a cylinder displacement not more than 55 cc and an output shaft connectable to an auger bit, whether or not
presented with one or more auger bits (described in statistical reporting number 8467.89.5060)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 247

U.S. Notes (con.)

(27) Gasoline powered or propane-powered engines of a cylinder displacement not more than 80 cc, each machine

including a fitted auger bit specially designed for cutting through ice covers of bodies of water (described in
statistical reporting number 8467.89.5090)

(28)

(29)

Parts of hand-operated faucets, of copper, each weighing not more than 5 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 8481.90.1000)

Parts of backflow preventer valves of iron or steel, including valve bodies (described in statistical reporting number
8481.90.3000)

(30) Digital trail cameras able to capture and record still and moving images in visible light, each with an infrared sensor
and lens, whether or not with light-emitting diode (“LED”) lights, modem, antenna and control board, housed in a
case of plastics, measuring not more than 16 cm in width, not more than 21 cm in length and not more than 13
cm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.4000)

(31)

Kits, each containing protective eyeglasses and ear protective devices (described in statistical reporting number
9004.90.0000)

(32) Non-prescription spectacles, other than sunglasses (described in statistical reporting number 9004.90.0000)

(33)

Prism binoculars, other than for use with infrared light, comprising a plastic, aluminum or magnesium alloy body
with a rubber jacket, with magnification ranging from at least 4X but not more than 22X and aperture ranging from
at least 21 mm but not more than 56 mm (described in statistical reporting number 9005.10.0040)

(34) Rotary microtomes (described in statistical reporting number 9027.90.2000)

(35)

(36)

(37)

(38)

(39)

(40)

(41)

(42)

(43)

Acoustic upright pianos, other than used, containing a case measuring less than 111.76 cm in height (described
in statistical reporting number 9201.10.0011)

Acoustic upright pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 111.76 cm or more, but less than
121.92 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 9201.10.0021)

Acoustic upright pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 121.92 cm or more but less than
129.54 in height (described in statistical reporting number 9201.10.0031)

Acoustic upright pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 129.54 cm or more in height
(described in statistical reporting number 9201.10.0041)

Acoustic grand pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 152.4 cm or more but less than
167.64 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 9201.20.0021)

Acoustic grand pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 167.64 cm or more but less than
180.34 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 9201.20.0031)

Acoustic grand pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 180.34 cm or more but less than
195.58 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 9201.20.0041)

Acoustic grand pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 195.58 cm or more in length (described
in statistical reporting number 9201.20.0051)

Acoustic guitars, each with a soundboard measuring at least 2 mm but not over 4 mm in thickness, valued not
over $100, excluding the value of the case (described in statistical reporting number 9202.90.2000)

(44) Harp sharping levers of steel (described in statistical reporting number 9209.92.8000)

(45)

Parts of a kind used for adjusting motor vehicle seats, consisting of cables of steel in cable housings of plastics
(described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.1085)

(46)

Parts of child safety seats incorporating springs (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.1085)

(47)

Pillow shells of cotton, each filled with goose or duck down (described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.1000)

(48) Quilted pillow shells of cotton (described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.1000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 248
U.S. Notes (con.)

(49) Quilted pillow shells of man-made fibers (described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.2000)

(50)

Parts and accessories for the exercise machines of subheading 9506.91 (described in statistical reporting number
9506.91.0030)

(51)

Arrowheads of metal (described in statistical reporting number 9506.99.0520)

(52)

(53)

Spinning, spincast or baitcast fishing reels, valued over $8.45 each (described in statistical reporting number
9507.30.6000)

Paintings, drawings or pastels, each executed entirely by hand (the foregoing other than drawings of heading
4906 and other than hand-painted or hand-decorated manufactured articles), each measuring not more than 300
cm by not more than 2,000 cm (described in statistical reporting number 9701.10.0000)

(54) Collages and similar decorative plaques, whether or not framed (described in statistical reporting number

9701.90.0000)

(55) Original engravings, prints and lithographs, framed or not framed (described in statistical reporting number

9702.00.0000)

(56) Original sculptures and statuary, in any material (described in statistical reporting number 9703.00.0000)

(57)

Postage stamps (described in statistical reporting number 9704.00.0000)

(58) Collections and collectors' pieces of historical interest, the foregoing other than numismatic coins, archaeological

pieces or ethnographic pieces (described in statistical reporting number 9705.00.0085)

(59) Collectors' pieces of mineralogical interest (described in statistical reporting number 9705.00.0085)

(60)

Antique silverware of an age exceeding one hundred years (described in statistical reporting number 9706.00.0020)

(61)

Antique furniture of an age exceeding one hundred years (described in statistical reporting number 9706.00.0040)

(eee) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.52, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

Direct acting and spring return pneumatic actuators, each rated at a maximum pressure of 10 bar and valued
over $68 but not over $72 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8412.39.0080)

Pump casings and bodies (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump covers (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump parts, of plastics, each valued not over $3 (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to
January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through
December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January
1, 2020)

Compressors, other than screw type, used in air conditioning equipment in motor vehicles, each valued over $88
but not over $92 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8030)

Structural components for industrial furnaces (described in statistical reporting number 8514.90.8000)

Aluminum electrolytic capacitors, each valued not over $3.20 (described in statistical reporting number
8532.22.0085)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 249

U.S. Notes (con.)

(8)

(9)

Rotary switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring not more than 5.5 cm by 5.0 cm by 3.4 cm, each with 2 to 8 spade
terminals and an actuator shaft with D-shaped cross section (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9025)

Rotary switches, single pole, single throw (SPST), rated at over 5 A, each measuring not more than 14.6 cm by
8.9 cm by 14.1 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9025)

(10)

Zinc anodes for use with machines and apparatus for electroplating, electrolysis or electrophoresis (described in
statistical reporting number 8543.30.9080)

(11) Weather station sets, each consisting of a monitoring display and outdoor weather sensors, having a transmission
range of not over 140 m and valued not over $50 per set (described in statistical reporting number 9015.80.8080)

(12) Multi-leaf collimators of radiotherapy systems based on the use of X-ray (described in statistical reporting number

9022.90.6000)

(fff)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.53, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
following enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

0505.10.0055

5504.10.0000

8215.99.3500

9506.70.4000

9701.10.0000

9702.00.0000

9703.00.0000

9705.00.0085

9706.00.0020

(10)

9706.00.0040

(11)

9706.00.0060

(12)

Sodium alginate resins (CAS No. 9005-38-3) (described in statistical reporting number 3913.10.0000)

(13)

(14)

Boot hangers of plastics and steel, each designed to hold one pair of boots, presented with couplers of plastics
to link two or more boot hangers vertically (described in statistical reporting number 3924.90.5650)

Exterior doors having outer faces of plastics with foamed plastics insulation between those faces, each measuring
at least 213 cm but not more than 245 cm in height, at least 80 cm but not more than 95 cm in width and not more
than 45 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 3925.20.0010)

(15) Clamps and clips of molded plastics, each with a fastener or adhesive backing for affixing a cord or cable to a flat

surface (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(16) Molded shells of plastics, each measuring at least 11.1 cm but not more than 11.7 cm in length and at least 7.9
cm but not more than 8.6 cm in width, weighing at least 38 g but not more than 42 g, having two drilled holes (one
near the midpoint of each long side and in horizontal alignment with each other), of a kind used to form a housing
for an earphone (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 250
U.S. Notes (con.)

(17)

Sets of three polyvinyl chloride-coated foam pads, of plastics, of a kind used to assemble flotation work vests by
passing adjustable straps with buckles through slots in the pads, each set comprising two irregularly shaped
front/side pads and one rectangular back pad (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to
July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(18) Women's knit robes in chief weight of cotton, with hook and loop tab closure (described in statistical reporting

number 6108.91.0030)

(19)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(23)

Babies' gowns of cotton knitted interlock fabric, each with sleeves, neck opening and elasticized bottom opening
(described in statistical reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' sleep sacks, knitted, of cotton, each with neck opening and two-way zipper (described in statistical reporting
number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' sleep sacks of cotton interlock knitted fabric, sleeveless, each with neck opening and two-way zipper
(described in statistical reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' swaddle sacks of cotton knitted interlock fabric, each with sleeves and mitten cuffs (described in statistical
reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' blanket sleepers of polyester knitted fleece, sleeveless, each with two-way zipper (described in statistical
reporting number 6111.30.5015)

(24) Men's and boys' cotton terry bathrobes with muslin trim, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described

in statistical reporting number 6207.91.1000)

(25) Women's cotton terry bathrobes with muslin trim, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described in

statistical reporting number 6208.91.1010)

(26) Girls' cotton terry bathrobes with muslin trim, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described in statistical

reporting number 6208.91.1020)

(27) Girls' fleece bathrobes, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described in statistical reporting number

6208.92.0020)

(28)

(29)

Blankets (other than electric blankets) of cotton, woven, each measuring at least 116 cm but not more than 118
cm on an edge (described in statistical reporting number 6301.30.0010)

Blankets (other than electric blankets) of cotton, other than woven, each measuring at least 116 cm but not more
than 118 cm on an edge (described in statistical reporting number 6301.30.0020)

(30) Crib sheets of muslin cotton, fitted with elastic (described in statistical reporting number 6302.31.9020)

(31)

Protective covers of cotton for pillows, not knitted or crocheted, of cotton, not napped or printed, each with full
encasement construction and zipper opening (described in statistical reporting number 6302.31.9040)

(32) Oven mitts, not knitted or crocheted, of cotton, each incorporating a hanging loop, measuring at least 16 cm but
not more than 19 cm in width by at least 29 cm but not more than 32 cm in length (described in statistical reporting
number 6304.92.0000)

(33) Handrail covers for spas and pools, the foregoing composed of 95 percent polyester and 5 percent spandex by

weight, each measuring at least 60 cm but not more than 306 cm in length (described in statistical reporting
number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July
1, 2020)

(34) Outdoor shelters, each comprising a canopy of textiles, a folding frame and a carrying case with wheels (described
in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(35)

Athletic, recreational and sporting headgear (other than of reinforced or laminated plastics), each with an inner
protective suspension system and a sun visor, each weighing not more than 500 g and designed for off-road use
with bicycles (described in statistical reporting number 6506.10.6045)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 251

U.S. Notes (con.)

(36)

(37)

(38)

Folding helmets of injected plastic parts, each measuring not more than 85 mm in thickness when folded, weighing
not more than 525 g (described in statistical reporting number 6506.10.6075)

Fittings of galvanized steel, including but not limited to support frames, wings, legs, connector and sign supports,
all of which are parts of retail display fixtures (described in statistical reporting number 8302.42.3065)

Electric snowblowers, corded or cordless, each weighing not more than 46 kg, with a motor not more than 15 A,
wheeled (described in statistical reporting number 8430.20.0060)

(39) Cylindrical steel drives specially designed for adjusting color on machines that print on corrugated paper and

paperboard, each article measuring at least 8 mm but not more than 9 mm in diameter and at least 2.5 mm but
not more than 3 mm in length, and each article weighing at least 12 kg but not more than 14.1 kg (described in
statistical reporting number 8443.91.3000)

(40) Cylindrical steel drives specially designed to control color registration (alignment) and material tension on printing

machinery, each drive measuring at least 155 mm but not more than 160 mm in diameter and at least 165 mm
but not more than 170 mm in length, weighing at least 3 kg but not more than 4 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 8443.91.3000)

(41)

Electrical automated embroidery machines capable of being programmed by an operator at a machine control
console and also capable of saving or loading digital programming commands through a USB port or a local area
network connection, each machine having at least two but not more than eight parallel-operating multi-thread
embroidery heads and a single liquid-crystal display (“LCD”) panel with a video display diagonal measuring at
least 160 mm but not more than 170 mm and associated control panel (described in statistical reporting number
8447.90.5000)

(42) Cast iron covers for hand-operated gate valves (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.3000)

(43)

Iron or steel bodies of hand-operated disc (or disk) valves (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.3000)

(44)

Steel parts of hand-operated gate valves (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.3000)

(45)

(46)

Lithium-ion batteries consisting of cases of base metal containing 18650 individual lithium-ion battery cells, such
batteries having a total capacity of at least 60 but not more than 200 watt hours, with at least one USB Type-C
port, at least one USB Type-A port, at least one wireless charging pad and a digital screen that displays the power
conditions of the battery (described in statistical reporting number 8507.60.0020)

Lithium-ion batteries consisting of cases of base metal containing 18650 individual lithium-ion battery cells, such
batteries having a total capacity of at least at least 90 but not more than 6,500 watt hours, with at least one AC
outlet, at least one USB port, at least one female barrel port and a digital screen that displays the power conditions
of the battery (described in statistical reporting number 8507.60.0020)

(47)

Electric coffee makers of a kind used for domestic purposes, DC powered via a USB cable, each weighing not
more than 0.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8516.71.0020)

(48) Wireless communication apparatus that can receive audio data to be distributed to wireless speakers (described

in statistical reporting number 8518.22.0000)

(49)

Fuse-type incandescent tungsten-filament lamps, designed for a voltage of 12 V or more but not exceeding 14
V, each measuring not more than 7 mm in diameter and not more than 32 mm in length (described in statistical
reporting number 8539.29.3050)

(50) Headlight brackets of aluminum, for motorcycles, each measuring not more than 34 cm by 29 cm by 19 cm,

weighing not more than 2 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8714.10.0050)

(51)

(52)

(53)

Electric guitar kits, each consisting of all of the parts necessary to construct an electric guitar (described in statistical
reporting number 9207.90.0040)

Parts of music synthesizers of heading 9207, comprising specially designed printed circuit assemblies for affecting
the characteristics or qualities of sound (described in statistical reporting number 9209.94.8000)

Pre-charged pneumatic ("PCP") air rifles, each measuring at least 101 cm but not more than 115 cm in length,
weighing at least 2.8 kg but not more than 3.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9304.00.2000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 252
U.S. Notes (con.)

(54) Modular diving boards, suitable for mounting on boats or docks (described in statistical reporting number

9506.29.0080)

(55)

Swim masks, snorkeling masks, snorkels and water fins (described in statistical reporting number 9506.29.0080)

(56)

(57)

(58)

Balance trainers of plastics, each measuring not more than 120 cm in length by 45 cm in width by 27 cm in height,
containing an air bladder (described in statistical reporting number 9506.91.0030)

Exercise machines of steel, each measuring at least 157 cm but not more than 158 cm in length, at least 152 cm
but not more than 153 cm in width and at least 88 cm but not more than 90 cm in height, of a kind specifically
designed to train the gluteal muscles (described in statistical reporting number 9506.91.0030)

Push-up exercise machines, each consisting of an aluminum extrusion with hard plastic end-caps, a hard plastic
center divider, two sliding handles of hard plastics and rubber and a sliding adjustment plate (described in statistical
reporting number 9506.91.0030)

(59)

Brushes of natural goat hair bristles, which are in lengths of at least 30 mm but not more than 33 mm, enclosed
in a plastic protective holder, for cleaning optical lenses (described in statistical reporting number 9603.90.8050)

(60)

Porous-tipped markers for applying liquid chalk (described in statistical reporting number 9608.20.0000)

(61) Gold coins of numismatic (collector’s) interest, 250 years or more in age, of Chinese origin (described in statistical

reporting number 9705.00.0010)

(62) Numismatic (collector's) coins (other than archaeological pieces and other than of gold), 250 years or more in

age (described in statistical reporting number 9705.00.0040)

(63) Gold coins of numismatic (collector’s) interest, less than 250 years in age, of Chinese origin (described in statistical

reporting number 9705.00.0050)

(64) Coins of Chinese origin and of numismatic (collector’s) interest, of any metal other than of gold, less than 250

years in age (described in statistical reporting number 9705.00.0065)

(ggg) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.54, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

Polytetrafluoroethylene ((C2F4)n), having a particle size of 5 to 500 microns and a melting point of 315 to 329
degrees Celsius (described in statistical reporting number 3904.61.0090)

Polyethylene film, 20.32 to 198.12 cm in width, and 30.5 to 2000.5 m in length, coated on one side with solvent
acrylic adhesive, clear or in transparent colors, whether or not printed, in rolls (described in statistical reporting
number 3919.90.5060)

Rectangular sheets of high-density or low-density polyethylene, 111.75 cm to 215.9 cm in width, and 152.4 cm
to 304.8 cm in length, with a sticker attached to mark the center of each sheet, of a kind used in hospital or surgery
center operating rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3920.10.0000)

Gas (natural or liquid propane (LP)) engines each having a displacement of more than 2 liters but not more than
2.5 liters (described in statistical reporting number 8407.90.9010)

Dispensers of hand-cleaning or hand-sanitizing solutions, whether employing a manual pump or a
proximity-detecting battery-operated pump, each article weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 8424.89.9000)

Walk behind rotary tillers, electric powered, individually weighing less than 14 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 8432.29.0060)

AC motors, of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, each with attached actuators, crankshafts or gears
(described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 253

U.S. Notes (con.)

(8)

(9)

Position or speed sensors for motor vehicle transmission systems, each valued not over $12 (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.4500)

Wheel speed sensors for anti-lock motor vehicle braking systems, each valued not over $12 (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.4500)

(10)

Apparatus using passive infrared detection sensors designed for turning lights on and off (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(11)

Liquid leak detectors (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(12) Robots, programmable, measuring not more than 40 cm high by 22 cm wide by 27 cm deep, incorporating an

LCD display, camera and microphone but without "hands" (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960)

(13) Motorcycles (including mopeds), with reciprocating internal combustion piston engine of a cylinder capacity not

exceeding 50 cc, valued not over $500 each (described in statistical reporting number 8711.10.0000)

(14) Digital clinical thermometers (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8040 prior to July 1, 2020; described

in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8010 or 9025.19.8020 effective July 1, 2020)

(hhh) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.55, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
following enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

8443.32.1050

Doorway dust barrier kits, each comprising a sheet of plastics measuring not more than 0.15 mm in thickness, at
least 1.2 m but not more than 1.6 m in width and at least 2.1 m but not more than 2.6 m in length, with two parallel
slide fasteners extending the full length of the sheet, two metal flap hooks and a roll of tape with adhesive on both
sides for securing the sheet to a doorway, such kits put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number
3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Heads, plates, grip disks, slide clamps, foot plugs and other parts of plastics, of a kind used in temporary dust
barrier systems for interior construction (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1,
2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Locking zip tie fasteners of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Decorative glassware, each consisting of a rectangular glass box in a brass frame with a hinged top, measuring
at least 11.5 cm but not more than 21.5 cm by at least 16 cm but not more than 26.5 cm by at least 3 cm but not
more than 8 cm, weighing at least 500 g but not more than 1.5 kg, valued over $5 each (described in statistical
reporting number 7013.99.9000 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 7013.99.9010 or
7013.99.9090 effective July 1, 2020)

Decorative glassware, each piece consisting of a blown-glass globe, measuring at least 65 mm but not more than
150 mm in diameter, containing a sculpture, water and artificial snow, with a poured-resin base, weighing at least
800 g but not more than 3 kg, valued over $5 (described in statistical reporting number 7013.99.9000 prior to July
1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 7013.99.9090 effective July 1, 2020)

Digital optical image scanners with maximum scanning width measuring at least 60 cm but not more than 92 cm
(described in statistical reporting number 8471.60.8000)

Slingshot apparatus, whether or not electrically powered, of a kind used for outdoor games (described in statistical
reporting number 9506.99.6080)

(9)

Swing sets and parts and accessories thereof (described in statistical reporting number 9506.99.6080)

(10)

Trap shooting launchers and parts and accessories thereof (described in statistical reporting number 9506.99.6080)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 254
U.S. Notes (con.)

(iii)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and 20(f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03. See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576
(June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as
provided in heading 9903.88.56, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.03 shall not apply to the following
particular products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

0304.72.5000

0304.83.1015

0304.83.1020

0304.83.5015

0304.83.5020

0304.83.5090

3923.21.0095

3926.20.9050

4015.19.1010

(10)

4819.50.4060

(11)

5603.12.0090

(12)

5603.14.9090

(13)

5603.92.0090

(14)

5603.93.0090

(15)

6505.00.8015

(16)

8424.90.9080

(17)

8425.31.0100

(18)

8708.50.8500

(19)

8712.00.1510

(20)

8712.00.1520

(21)

8712.00.1550

(22)

(23)

(24)

(25)

(26)

Alaskan sole (yellowfin, rock or flathead), frozen in blocks, in cases with net weight of more than 4.5 kg (described
in statistical reporting number 0304.83.5015)

Bananas, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a net weight of 15 g (described
in statistical reporting number 0803.90.0045)

Apples, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a net weight of 15 g (described in
statistical reporting number 0813.30.0000)

Peaches, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a net weight of 15 g (described
in statistical reporting number 0813.40.4000)

Pears, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a net weight of 15 g (described in
statistical reporting number 0813.40.9000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 255

U.S. Notes (con.)

(27) Mixtures of strawberries and bananas, freeze-dried and sliced, put up for retail sale in packages each having a

net weight of 15 g (described in statistical reporting number 0813.50.0020)

(28)

(29)

King crab meat, frozen in blocks each weighing at least 1 kg but not more than 1.2 kg, in airtight containers
(described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2010)

Snow crab meat (C. opilio), frozen in blocks, in airtight containers each with net weight of not more than 1.2 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2022)

(30) Dungeness crab meat, frozen in blocks, in airtight containers with net weight of not more than 1.2 kg (described

in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2030)

(31) Crab meat (other than King crab, Snow crab, Dungeness or swimming crabs), frozen in blocks, in airtight containers

with net weight of not more than 1.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2090)

(32)

Sodium metal (CAS No. 7440-23-5), in bulk solid form (described in statistical reporting number 2805.11.0000)

(33)

Sodium adipate (1,4-butanedicarboxylic acid, disodium salt) (IUPAC name: disodium hexanedioate) (CAS No.
7486-38-6) (described in statistical reporting number 2917.12.5000)

(34)

1-Cyanoguanidine (Dicyandiamide) (CAS No. 461-58-5) (described in statistical reporting number 2926.20.0000)

(35) N-(n-Butyl)thiophosphoric triamide (IUPAC name: N-Diaminophosphinothioylbutan-1-amine) (CAS No. 94317-64-3)

(described in statistical reporting number 2929.90.5090)

(36)

Pigment yellow 13 (CAS No. 5102-83-0) (described in statistical reporting number 3204.17.9050)

(37) Disposable cloths of nonwoven textile materials impregnated, coated or covered with organic surface-active

preparations for washing the skin, put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number 3401.30.5000
prior to November 30, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3401.11.5000 effective November 30, 2020)

(38) Organic surface-active liquid for washing the skin, not containing any aromatic or modified aromatic surface-active
agent, put up for retail sale in a bottle of plastics with pump-action top, each bottle measuring not more than 17
cm in width, not more than 27 cm in height and not more than 6.5 cm in length and with a net weight of not more
than 0.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 3401.30.5000)

(39)

(40)

Laundry detergent powder, put up for retail sale, whether as powder or as water-soluble, pre-measured pods
(described in statistical reporting number 3402.20.1100)

Polyethylene terephthalate (PET) film coated with a photoresist solution, in rolls, sensitized, unexposed, without
perforations, of a width exceeding 105 mm but not exceeding 610 mm, not used as graphic arts film (described
in statistical reporting number 3702.44.0160)

(41)

Artificial graphite, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 3801.10.5000)

(42)

Artificial graphite, in powder or flake form, for manufacturing into the lithium-ion anode component of batteries
(described in statistical reporting number 3801.10.5000)

(43) Natural graphite, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 3801.90.0000)

(44) Herbicide consisting of 1,1'-dimethyl-4,4'-bipyridinium dichloride (CAS No. 1910-42-5) (Paraquat concentrate in
liquid form) up to 45 percent concentration with application adjuvants (described in statistical reporting number
3808.93.1500)

(45)

(46)

Flux powder consisting wholly of inorganic substances, including but not limited to silicon dioxide, titanium oxide,
manganese oxide, aluminum oxide, and calcium fluoride, for submerged arc welding (described in statistical
reporting number 3810.90.2000)

Supported nickel-based catalysts, of a kind used for methanation, desulfurization, hydrogenation, pre-reforming
or reforming of organic chemicals or for protection of hydrotreating catalysts from arsine poisoning (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.11.0000)

XXII
99 - III - 256
U.S. Notes (con.)

(47)

(48)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Plate-type supported catalysts (reaction accelerators) for reduction of nitrous oxides (NOx) with enhanced mercury
oxidation, with oxides of base metals being the active substances, applied to a stainless steel mesh (described
in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Plate-type supported catalysts (reaction accelerators) for reduction of nitrous oxides (NOx), with base metals
being the active substances, applied on a titanium dioxide based ceramic material to a stainless steel mesh
(described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(49)

Supported catalysts for polymerization (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(50)

(51)

(52)

(53)

Supported catalysts of copper oxide or zinc oxide as the active ingredients for arsine removal (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)[Compiler's note: provision corrected retroactively but not currently
in effect; see 88 F.R. 8987]

Supported catalysts with copper carbonate or zinc carbonate as the active ingredients for low temperature
desulfurization (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with metal sulfide as the active substance for mercury removal (described in statistical reporting
number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with molybdenum compounds as the active substance for hydrogenation (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(54)

Supported catalysts with zinc oxide as the active substance (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(55) Mixtures of hydrofluorocarbons, containing 40 to 44 percent by weight of 1,1,1,2-tetrafluoroethane (CAS No.

811-97-2), 56 to 60 percent by weight of pentafluoroethane (CAS No. 354-33-6) and up to 2 percent by weight of
lubricating oil (described in statistical reporting number 3824.78.0020)

(56) Refrigerant gas R-421B, comprising mixtures containing at least 83 percent but not more than 87 percent by

weight of pentafluoroethane, at least 13 percent but not more than 17 percent by weight of 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethane,
and at least 0.5 percent but not more than 2 percent by weight of lubricant (described in statistical reporting number
3824.78.0020)

(57) Mixtures containing N,Ndimethyldodecan-1-amine (CAS No. 112–18–5) and N,N-dimethyltetradecan-1-amine

(CAS No. 112–75–4) (described in statistical reporting number 3824.99.9297)

(58)

Silicon monoxide (SiO) (CAS No. 10097-28-6) in powder form (described in statistical reporting number
3824.99.9297)

(59) Container units of plastics, each comprising a tub and lid therefore, configured or fitted for the conveyance, packing,

or dispensing of wet wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.10.9000)

(60)

Injection molded polypropylene plastic caps or lids each weighing not over 24 grams designed for dispensing wet
wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

(61) One-piece stoppers, of polypropiolactone ("PPL") or polylactic acid ("PLA") polymers, each comprising a disc-shaped

top attached to a rounded, tapered plug with a protruding stirrer, measuring at least 55 mm but not more than
120.7 mm in overall length, and weighing at least 0.6 g but not more than 1.1 g each, of a kind used with lids for
beverage containers (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

(62)

(63)

(64)

Endless synchronous belts of vulcanized rubber, molded polyurethane, neoprene, or welded urethane, each of
an outside circumference of 60 cm or more but not more than 77 cm and a width of 2.5 cm or more but not
exceeding 4 cm, weighing 0.18 kg or more but not exceeding 0.45 kg (described in statistical reporting number
4010.35.9000)

Seamless disposable gloves of acrylonitrile butadiene rubber, other than for surgical or medical use (described
in statistical reporting number 4015.19.1010)

Seamless disposable gloves of natural rubber latex, other than for surgical or medical use (described in statistical
reporting number 4015.19.1010)

(65)

Brake bushings, hard or soft (described in statistical reporting number 4016.99.6050)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 257

U.S. Notes (con.)

(66) Cable protectors of rubber, each measuring not more than 91 cm in length, not more than 51 cm in width and not
more than 5.2 cm in height, with 5 channels for multiple cables or hoses not more than 3.8 cm in diameter, with
a lid of polyvinyl chloride, weighing not more than 14.5 kg, with a load capacity of not more than 8,200 kg (described
in statistical reporting number 4016.99.6050)

(67)

Parking stops of recycled rubber, each measuring not more than 185 cm in length, not more than 15.5 cm in width
and not more than 10.5 cm in height, weighing not more than 16 kg (described in statistical reporting number
4016.99.6050)

(68) Messenger bags of polyester, each measuring not more than 50 cm by 38 cm by 11 cm, weighing not more than

2.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 4202.12.8130)

(69)

(70)

Backpacks with hydration system, each measuring not more than 51 cm by 28 cm by 9 cm, weighing not more
than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.0400)

Backpacks with outer surface of textile materials of man-made fibers, each measuring at least 35 cm but not more
than 75 cm in height, at least 19 cm but not more than 34 cm in width, and at least 5 cm but not more than 26 cm
in depth (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3120)

(71) Duffel bags made predominantly of man-made fibers, each measuring not more than 98 cm by 52 cm by 17 cm,

weighing not more than 7 kg, with wheels (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

(72) Duffel bags of polyester, each measuring not more than 81 cm by 39 cm by 11 cm, weighing not more than 7 kg

(described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

(73)

Stuff sacks with outer surface of textiles of man-made fibers, each measuring 77.5 cm or more but not over 127.7
cm in circumference, cylindrical in shape with a single compartment, a drawstring closure at one end and a strap
at the other end of the sack (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

(74) Covers, of leather, designed for use with telecommunication devices (described in statistical reporting number

4205.00.8000)

(75)

Portable, single-use grills for heating food, each comprising bamboo charcoal fuel, expanded perlite insulation,
bamboo rods for suspending foods over the charcoal flame, and cut paper or paperboard in shapes specially
designed for assembly of a grill body (described in statistical reporting number 4402.10.0000)

(76)

Fiberboard sheets, containing phenolic resin, each not exceeding 0.635 mm in thickness (described in statistical
reporting number 4411.93.9090)

(77) Notebooks of paper or paperboard, each incorporating a plastic toy building block on the cover, measuring at

least 13 cm but not more than 16 cm on the short side, at least 15 cm but not more than 22 cm on the long side
and at least 1 cm but not more than 3 cm in thickness, with at least 192 but no more than 352 ruled or blank pages
(described in statistical reporting number 4820.10.2060)

(78)

Trays, plates and bowls, of bamboo (described in statistical reporting number 4823.61.0040)

(79)

Plates, bowls or cups of molded or pressed bamboo pulp, each weighing at least 3 g but not more than 92 g
(described in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0020)

(80) Clamshell containers, pizza pans, lids, compartmentalized and other trays of molded or pressed bamboo pulp,

each weighing at least 3 g but not more than 95 g (described in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0040)

(81) Molded blocks of wood pulp cellulose sponge, each measuring not over 105 cm by 105 cm by 40 cm (described

in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0040)

(82)

(83)

(84)

Paper pulp sponge blocks, measuring 38 cm by 38 cm by 102 cm (15 inches by 15 inches by 40 inches) (described
in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0040)

Silk fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or of silk waste other than noil silk, the foregoing not
printed, not jacquard woven, measuring over 127 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number
5007.20.0065)

Silk fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or of silk waste other than noil silk, the foregoing not
printed, not jacquard woven, measuring 107 cm or more but not over 127 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 5007.20.0085)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 258
U.S. Notes (con.)

(85)

Yarn of cashmere or camel hair, carded but not combed, not put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting
number 5108.10.8000)

(86) Woven dyed fabrics of 100 percent textured polyester filament yarn, measuring 332.7 cm in width, weighing more

than 170 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number 5407.52.2060)

(87) Woven fabric of 100 percent textured polyester filaments, dyed, weighing more than 170 g/m², measuring not

more than 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.52.2060)

(88) Woven fabric of synthetic filament yarn containing 85 percent or more by weight of textured polyester filaments,
dyed, measuring 249 cm in width, weighing more than 170 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number
5407.52.2060)

(89) Woven dupioni fabric wholly of non-textured dyed polyester filaments, weighing not more than 170 g/m², measuring

not more than 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.61.9930)

(90) Woven fabric wholly of polyester, dyed, not flat, containing non-textured polyester filaments, weighing not more

than 170 g/m², measuring not over 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.61.9930)

(91) Woven fabric wholly of polyester, dyed, containing non-textured polyester filaments, weighing more than 170

g/m², measuring not over 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.61.9935)

(92) Woven fabric containing by weight 47 percent of nylon and 53 percent of polyester, dyed, containing textured
filaments, weighing not more than 170 g/m², measuring greater than 274 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 5407.72.0015)

(93)

(94)

Polyester filament tow, measuring more than 50 ktex but not more than 275 ktex (described in statistical reporting
number 5501.20.0000)

Polypropylene fiber tow, measuring more than 50 ktex but not more than 275 ktex (described in statistical reporting
number 5501.40.0000)

(95) Woven dyed fabrics wholly of spun polyester, weighing more than 240 g/m² and measuring not more than 310

cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5512.19.0090)

(96) Woven dyed 3-thread twill fabrics containing by weight 65 percent of polyester and 35 percent of cotton staple

fibers, not napped, weighing more than 200 g/m² and exceeding 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting
number 5514.22.0020)

(97) Nonwoven fabrics of man-made fibers, weighing more than 25 g/m² but not more than 70 g/m², with a smooth or
embossed texture (not impregnated, coated or covered with material other than or in addition to rubber, plastics,
wood pulp or glass fibers), in rolls that are pre-slitted in lengths of not less than 15 cm to not more than 107 cm,
for use in the manufacture of personal care wipes (described in statistical reporting number 5603.12.0090)

(98) Non-woven fabrics of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), in sheets measuring not more than 160 cm by 250 cm,
weighing more than 1,800 g/m² but not more than 3,000 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number
5603.94.9090)

(99) Rugs of hand-knotted pile, of nylon and polypropylene, measuring at least 1.2 m2 (described in statistical reporting

number 5701.90.1010)

(100) Rugs of 100 percent polyester or polypropylene, with brass grommets and stainless steel springs, each measuring
at least 44 cm by 45 cm but not exceeding 56 cm by 59 cm (described in statistical reporting number 5705.00.2030)

(101) Woven dyed embroidery fabrics containing by weight 55 percent of polyester and 45 percent of nylon, weighing

less than 115 g/m² and measuring 289 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5810.92.9080)

(102) Long pile knit fabrics, of acrylic pile on polyester ground, valued not over $16 per m2 (described in statistical

reporting number 6001.10.2000)

(103) Knitted or crocheted fabrics of artificial staple fibers derived from bamboo (described in statistical reporting number

6003.40.6000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 259

U.S. Notes (con.)

(104) Sandstone known as brown wave, of a kind used in outdoor living spaces, containing one textured side and up

to four chiseled edges with a density of 2,750 kg/m3 (described in statistical reporting number 6802.99.0060)

(105) Sandstone with a flamed finish on one side and a length of 200 mm or more but not over 3,100 mm, a width of
100 mm or more but not over 1,380 mm and a thickness of 30 mm or more but not over 180 mm (described in
statistical reporting number 6802.99.0060)

(106) Grinding beads of yttria-stabilized zirconia (described in statistical reporting number 6909.11.2000)

(107) Screen protectors of tempered safety glass, transparent, cut, and treated, with adhesive on one side, in rectangular

sheets, each weighing at least 6 g but not more than 77 g, each measuring not less than 2.8 cm but not more
than 28 cm in height, not less than 1.9 cm but not more than 21 cm in width, and not more than 0.1 cm in thickness
(described in statistical reporting number 7007.19.0000)

(108) Sheets of tempered safety glass, coated with silicone oxide, having a surface area of less than 2.5 m2, designed
to be placed over solar cell panels for protection from external damage (described in statistical reporting number
7007.19.0000)

(109) Rear-view mirrors of convex glass for motor vehicles, each measuring not less than 1.75 mm and not more than

2.4 mm in thickness, not less than 125 mm and not more than 210 mm in length, not less than 97 mm and not
more than 180 mm in width, weighing not less than 74 g and not more than 188 g (described in statistical reporting
number 7009.10.0000)

(110) Rear-view mirrors of flat glass for motor vehicles, each measuring not less than 1.75 mm but not more than 2.4
mm in thickness, not less than 163 mm but not more than 210 mm in length, not less than 107 mm but not more
than 167 mm in width and weighing not less than 80 g but not more than 188 g (described in statistical reporting
number 7009.10.0000)

(111) Tiles of non-recycled glass on a vinyl mesh backing, in a grid pattern of not less than 304 mm by 304 mm and

not exceeding 305 mm by 305 mm, for mosaics or other decorative or construction purposes (described in statistical
reporting number 7016.10.0000)

(112) Windows of stainless steel incorporating tempered glass, each fitted with a rubber gasket that provides a water-tight

seal when closed, designed for installation in ships and boats of chapter 89 (described in statistical reporting
number 7308.30.1000)

(113) Vault doors of stamped, welded and powder-coated 12-gauge carbon steel, each measuring 2 m or more in height,

81 cm or more but not more than 92 cm in width and 7.7 cm in thickness, each fitted with nine locking bolts, a
slip-clutch handle and a programmable electric lock with keypad, with mechanical key override, presented with
matching door frame (described in statistical reporting number 7308.30.5050)

(114) Equipment for scaffolding, comprising powder coated or galvanized welded tubular steel frames, braces, guard

rail systems, components and accessories, the foregoing for assembly into frame and brace configurations
measuring at least 10 cm but not more than 3.3 m in height and at least 4 cm but not more than 8.8 m in width,
weighing not more than 91 kg, with a load capacity not more than 2,750 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 7308.40.0000)

(115) Articulated chains of iron, not over 8 mm in thickness and valued not over $2 per m (described in statistical

reporting number 7315.12.0080)

(116) Portable outdoor cooker kits, consisting of at least a burner and stand made from steel and/or cast iron, with an
adjustable pressure regulator/hose combination for connecting the burner to a source of natural gas or a portable
container of liquefied propane (described in statistical reporting number 7321.11.1060)

(117) Grills composed of steel wire, each measuring 49 cm by 47 cm (19.25 inches by 18.5 inches), weighing 0.36 kg
(0.80 lbs.), designed as cooking surface of barbecue grill (described in statistical reporting number 7321.90.6090)

(118) Awning stabilizer kits, each comprising two zinc-plated steel constructed spiral stakes with two rolls of cord or two
pull-tension straps, weighing not more than 2 kg (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(119) Cable hooks of steel, each weighing not less than 0.2 kg, measuring not less than 9 cm in length, not less than
5 cm in width and not less than 1 cm in height with spring loaded closure gate (described in statistical reporting
number 7326.90.8688)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 260
U.S. Notes (con.)

(120) Tailor welded blanks of hot-formed steel sheets, cut into D-shaped form, each measuring not more than 2 mm

by not more than 1.6 mm (described in statistical reporting number 7326.90.8688)

(121) Nickel hydroxy carbonate (CAS No. 12607-70-4) (described in statistical reporting number 7501.20.0000)

(122) Mounting boards of aluminum for guitar sound modifying ("effect") devices, each consisting of an aluminum frame
with above ground slots for the placement of devices and floor level slots for the on/off foot-operated pedal switches
which control the modifying devices (described in statistical reporting number 7616.99.5190)

(123) Kitchen and table implements of iron or steel, non-electric, including but not limited to peelers, graters and whisks

(described in statistical reporting number 8205.51.3030)

(124) Automotive polishing attachments specially designed for use with a hand-held drill, each attachment including a
9.5 mm steel drive shaft, internal gear assembly, transverse hand brace and rotating disk components (described
in statistical reporting number 8207.90.7585)

(125) Bolt-on tips of carbon alloy steel of a kind used in tub or horizontal grinders (described in statistical reporting

number 8207.90.7585)

(126) Flat panel display mounting adapters of base metal (described in statistical reporting number 8302.50.0000)

(127) Stamped and formed brackets of steel (described in statistical reporting number 8302.50.0000)

(128) Gun safes with digital keypads, of base metal, each weighing at least 148 kg but not more than 422 kg, measuring
at least 141 cm but not more than 183 cm in height, at least 55 cm but not more than 107 cm in width and at least
40 cm but not more than 71 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 8303.00.0000)

(129) Parts suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines of heading 8407

for marine propulsion (other than cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning, and machined only for the
removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery or connecting rods) (described
in statistical reporting number 8409.91.9290)

(130) Hydraulic valve lifters of steel with rollers, suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion
piston engines (other than for aircraft engines, marine propulsion engines or for vehicles of subheading 8701.20,
or headings 8702, 8703 or 8704), each measuring 5 cm or more but not over 13 cm in length and 2.5 cm or more
but not over 3.9 cm in diameter and weighing 135 g or more but not over 410 g (described in statistical reporting
number 8409.91.9990)

(131) Parts suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines of heading 8407
(other than for aircraft engines, cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning, and machined only for the removal
of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery, for vehicles of subheading 8701.20
or heading 8702, 8703 or 8704, for marine propulsion engines or connecting rods) (described in statistical reporting
number 8409.91.9990)

(132) Solid valve lifters of steel, suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines

(other than for aircraft engines, marine propulsion engines or for vehicles of subheading 8701.20, or headings
8702, 8703 or 8704), each measuring 19 mm or more but not over 114 mm in length and 6 mm or more but not
over 26 mm in diameter and weighing 20 g or more but not over 250 g (described in statistical reporting number
8409.91.9990)

(133) Wind turbine hubs (described in statistical reporting number 8412.90.9081)

(134) Hand pumps (other than for fuel or lubricants, not fitted or designed to be fitted with a metering device), each
used to dispense a metered quantity of liquid soap or sanitizer (described in statistical reporting number
8413.20.0000)

(135) Hand pumps for liquids (other than those of subheading 8413.11 or 8413.19) of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene

(ABS) plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8413.20.0000)

(136) Lubricating pumps for internal combustion piston engines (described in statistical reporting number 8413.30.9060)

(137) Cooling medium pumps for internal combustion piston engines of the motor vehicles of headings 8703 or 8704

(described in statistical reporting number 8413.30.9090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 261

U.S. Notes (con.)

(138) Vacuum pumps, each composed of a cast aluminum body and an unalloyed steel cover, measuring not more

than 85 mm in length, not more than 75 mm in width and not more than 96 mm in height, with a pump volume not
more than 200 cc, for use in automotive braking systems (described in statistical reporting number 8414.10.0000)

(139) Hand- or foot-operated air pumps, each weighing 400 g or more but not over 3 kg, with a maximum pressure of
1.52 MPa, imported with adapters for valves for tires and inner tubes (described in statistical reporting number
8414.20.0000)

(140) DC blowers for use in motor vehicle climate control systems, each measuring no less than 323 mm by 122 mm
by 102 mm and no more than 357 mm by 214 mm by 167 mm (described in statistical reporting number
8414.59.6540)

(141) DC centrifugal radial blowers, each measuring not less than 345 mm by 122 mm by 102 mm and not more than
355 mm by 173 mm by 145 mm, of an output of 100 W to 285 W, and weighing at least 1.80 kg but no more than
2.72 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6560)

(142) Portable air compressors, each delivering under 0.57 cubic meters per minute (described in statistical reporting

number 8414.80.1685)

(143) Parts of fans, consisting of column assemblies comprising telescoping steel tubes, each with a mechanism to

lock the assembly at a desired length, and front grills of steel, the foregoing for use in the manufacture of household
pedestal fans (described in statistical reporting number 8414.90.1040)

(144) Electric display cases incorporating refrigerating equipment designed for commercial use, each with a glass front

to display the food or drink being stored (described in statistical reporting number 8418.50.0080)

(145) Upright coolers incorporating refrigerating equipment, each measuring not more than 77 cm in width, not more
than 78 cm in depth and not more than 200 cm in height, weighing not more than 127 kg, with one swing-type
transparent glass door (described in statistical reporting number 8418.50.0080)

(146) Retail computing scales, digital with tactile keypad or VGA display, with a maximum weighing capacity of not less
than 10 kg but not more than 15.5 kg, measuring not less than 15 cm in width by 20 cm depth but not more than
41 cm in width by 32 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 8423.81.0030)

(147) Compact portable shipping scales, of stainless steel, with a maximum weighing capacity of not more than 16 kg,
with a digital display, weight below hook, and handles, measuring not less than 19 cm in width, not less than 21
cm in depth, not less than 3 cm in height but not more than 52 cm in width, not more than 41 cm in depth, not
more than 13 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8423.81.0040)

(148) Ratcheting chain, rope or cable hoists, other than skip hoists or hoists of a kind used for raising motor vehicles,
such hoists not powered by an electric motor (described in statistical reporting number 8425.19.0000)

(149) Winches powered by an electric motor, each with a pulling capacity of 4,300 kg or more but not exceeding 7,940

kg (described in statistical reporting number 8425.31.0100)

(150) Screw jacks and scissor jacks, each comprising a base, two lift arms and adjustable wheel pads, weighing at least
22 kg but not more than 42 kg, with a weight limit of not more than 342 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8425.49.0000)

(151) Portal cranes, each with a jib or operating arm to extend horizontally from the crane and run on rails, with the
crane sitting on a pedestal, each crane with lifting capacity of at least 200 t (described in statistical reporting
number 8426.30.0000)

(152) Sewing machines, not of the household type, not specially designed to join footwear soles to uppers; each such
machine weighing 45 kg or more but not over 140 kg, suitable for sewing leather (described in statistical reporting
number 8452.29.9000)

(153) Lottery ticket vending terminals, each terminal including a touchscreen monitor, barcode scanner,

Wi-fi/Ethernet/Bluetooth connectivities, six USB ports, two LAN ports and two serial ports (described in statistical
reporting number 8470.90.0190)

(154) Mouse input devices for automatic data processing (ADP) machines, each valued over $70 (described in statistical

reporting number 8471.60.9050)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 262
U.S. Notes (con.)

(155) Trackpad input units for automatic data processing (ADP) machines, each valued over $100 (described in statistical

reporting number 8471.60.9050)

(156) Printed circuit assemblies for rendering images onto computer screens ("graphics processing modules") (described

in statistical reporting number 8473.30.1180)

(157) Printed circuit assemblies to enhance the graphics performance of automatic data processing (ADP) machines

("accelerator modules") (described in statistical reporting number 8473.30.1180)

(158) Printed circuit assemblies, constituting unfinished logic boards (described in statistical reporting number

8473.30.1180)

(159) Parts and accessories of machines of heading 8471, whether or not incorporating fan hubs or LEDs but not

incorporating other goods of headings 8541 or 8542 (described in statistical reporting number 8473.30.5100)

(160) Ratchet tie down straps, each consisting of straps of textiles measuring not less than 25 mm and not more than
105 mm in width and not more than 12.5 m in length, steel hooks at opposite ends of the straps and a gear and
pawl mechanism for adjusting the length of the whole (described in statistical reporting number 8479.89.9499)

(161) Hand-operated valves of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) plastic, each a hand operated, quarter-turn ball
valve, threaded at one end to receive male end of U.S. garden hose (described in statistical reporting number
8481.80.5090)

(162) Hand-operated valves of plastics, each comprising a bottle lid, drinking spout and flavor dispensing valve (described

in statistical reporting number 8481.80.5090)

(163) Parts of spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines or rotary engines, consisting of transmission shafts

(including camshafts and crankshafts) and cranks, the foregoing of machined cast iron or other ferrous metals,
other than for engines of vehicles of chapter 87 (described in statistical reporting number 8483.10.1050)

(164) Electric gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of 38 W or more but

not exceeding 74.5 W, each enclosed in a housing of plastics measuring 12 cm or more but not more than 17 cm
in length, which pivots at the end of a support of plastics, the other end of which houses on-off-oscillate and speed
controls (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.2020)

(165) Electric gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of 38 W or more but

not exceeding 74.5 W, each enclosed in a housing of plastics measuring 13 cm or more but not more than 16 cm
in length, which pivots at the end of a support of plastics, the other end of which houses on-off and speed controls
(described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.2020)

(166) Electric gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of 38 W or more but

not exceeding 74.5 W, each enclosed in a housing of plastics with on-off and speed controls (described in statistical
reporting number 8501.40.2020)

(167) Electric motors other than gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of
60 W or more but not exceeding 74.5 W, each with a rotary switch attached by insulated conductors, enclosed
in a housing of base metals (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.2040)

(168) Single phase AC electric motors (other than gear motors), of an output of 56 W or more but not exceeding 69 W,

each measuring no more than 9 cm in length and no more than 11.5 cm in diameter, weighing no more than 2
kg, in a housing of base metals, with a switch (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.2040)

(169) Electric gear motors, single phase AC, of an output of 74.6 W or more but not exceeding 228 W, each with a

spring, a coupling, and a locking connector, the assembly measuring not more than 30 cm in length, not more
than 11 cm in width, not more than 16 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4020)

(170) Electric gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of 75 W or more but
not exceeding 95 W, enclosed in a housing of plastics which pivots at the end of a support of plastics, the other
end of which houses on-off-oscillate and speed controls (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4020)

(171) AC motors, single phase, each of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 335 W, measuring not more
than 13 cm in diameter and not more than 13 cm in height and with a shaft measuring not more than 39 cm in
length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 263

U.S. Notes (con.)

(172) Electric motors other than gear motors, single-phase AC, 4-pole permanent split capacitor type, of an output of

75 W or more but not exceeding 110 W, each with a switch attached by insulated conductors, enclosed in a round
housing of base metals with outside diameter measuring 85 mm or more but not exceeding 95 mm (described in
statistical reporting number 8501.40.4040)

(173) Single-phase AC electric motors incorporating permanent split capacitors, each of an output range of 367 W or
more but not exceeding 565 W, operating at not less than 115 V of alternating current (VAC) but not more than
230 VAC, capable of operating while submerged in water, each weighing at least 7 kg but not more than 11 kg,
measuring not more than 10 cm in diameter and at least 22 cm but not exceeding 34 cm in length (described in
statistical reporting number 8501.40.4040)

(174) Single-phase AC electric motors, other than gear motors, whether or not incorporating permanent split capacitors,
each of an output range of 746 W or more but not exceeding 1.13 kW, operating at not less than 115 V of alternating
current (VAC) but not more than 250 VAC, capable of operating while submerged in water, each weighing at least
9 kg but not more than 12.5 kg, measuring not more than 10 cm in diameter and at least 25 cm but not exceeding
36 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.6040)

(175) Power supplies suitable for physical incorporation into automatic data processing (ADP) machines or units thereof
of heading 8471, each with a power output exceeding 500 W, measuring 148mm in length, 43 mm in width and
335 mm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.6018)

(176) Power supplies for cable networks, that convert 120 V/60 Hz AC input to either 63 V AC or 87 V AC output, each
measuring not more than 200 mm by 425 mm by 270 mm and weighing not more than 27.5 kg, containing printed
circuit board assemblies, a transformer, and an oil filled capacitor (described in statistical reporting number
8504.40.8500)

(177) Static converters designed for wireless (inductive) charging of telecommunication apparatus (described in statistical

reporting number 8504.40.8500)

(178) Static converters of a kind used to charge telecommunication apparatus in cars or homes, valued not over $2

each (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

(179) Power adapters for a weather sensor or weather station display (described in statistical reporting number

8504.40.9580)

(180)

Inductors, each with inductance of 22 microhenrys (µH), a tolerance of no greater than 20 percent, with a DC
resistance of 198 milliohms (m ) and a DC current of 1.9 A (descr ibed in statistical reporting number 8504.50.8000)

(181)

Inductors, each with inductance of 220 microhenrys (µH), a tolerance of no greater than 20 percent, with a DC
resistance of 550 milliohms (m ) and a DC current of 510 milliamps (mA) (descr ibed in statistical reporting number
8504.50.8000)

(182)

Inductors, each with inductance of 470 microhenrys (µH), a tolerance of no greater than 20 percent, with a DC
resistance of 700 milliohms (m ) and a DC current of 540 milliamps (mA) (descr ibed in statistical reporting number
8504.50.8000)

(183) Robotic vacuum cleaners designed for residential use, each with a self-contained electric motor of a power not
exceeding 50 W and dust bag/receptacle capacity not exceeding 1 L, whether or not shipped with accessories
(described in statistical reporting number 8508.11.0000)

(184) Vacuum cleaners, bagless, upright, each with self-contained electric motor of a power not exceeding 1,500 W

and having a dust receptacle capacity not exceeding 1 liter (described in statistical reporting number 8508.11.0000)

(185) Starter motors for internal combustion gasoline engines designed for use in the lawn, automotive, watercraft,
motorcycle, industrial and garden industries (described in statistical reporting number 8511.40.0000)

(186) Projectors ("trumpets") of plastics for air horns (described in statistical reporting number 8512.90.2000)

(187) Fan-forced portable electric heaters, each with a ceramic heating element (described in statistical reporting number

8516.29.0030)

(188) Fan-forced, portable electric space heaters, each having a power consumption of not more than 1.5 kW and

weighing more than 1.5 kg but not more than 17 kg, whether or not incorporating a humidifier or air filter (described
in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0030)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 264
U.S. Notes (con.)

(189) Electric fireplace inserts and free-standing electric fireplace heaters, rated at 5,000 British thermal units (BTUs)

(described in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0090)

(190) Electric fireplaces, weighing not more than 55 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0090)

(191) Portable countertop air fryers of a kind used for domestic purposes (described in statistical reporting number

8516.60.4070)

(192) Tubular electric heating resistors (described in statistical reporting number 8516.80.8000)

(193) Closed-loop, digital, video security systems, each consisting of one 4-, 8- or 16-channel digital video recorder

(DVR) that connects via cables to at least 2 but no more than 16 color television cameras in housings of plastics,
cables and power adapters, put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010)

(194) Color video cameras for use with microscopes, each camera with C-mount lens mount, weighing not more than
87 g, measuring not more than 109 mm in length and 31 mm in diameter, presented with a cable measuring not
more than 1.5 m in length (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010)

(195) Digital color video cameras for use with microscopes, each camera with 10 megapixel resolution, weighing not

more than 175 g, measuring 63 mm by 37 mm in length, presented with USB cable, reduction lens, eyepiece
adapters, software CD and calibration slide (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010)

(196) Digital color video cameras for use with microscopes, each camera with autofocus, C-mount lens mount, 1080p
resolution, weighing not more than 450 g, measuring not more than 67 mm by 67 mm by 81 mm, presented with
AC power adapter and power cable (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010)

(197)

Indicator panels incorporating LEDs, designed for use in medical infusion equipment (described in statistical
reporting number 8531.20.0040)

(198) Printed circuit boards, each with a base wholly of plastics impregnated glass, not flexible, with 4 layers of copper

(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0020)

(199) Printed circuit boards, with a base of glass reinforced epoxy laminate material that is compliant with NEMA grade
FR-4 fire resistance, not flexible, with 10 layers, designed for use in a flow meter, and measuring not more than
6.35 cm by 6.35 cm by 0.1575 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0020)

(200) Printed circuit boards, each with a base wholly of plastics impregnated glass, not flexible, with 2 layers of copper

(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0040)

(201) Floor-mounted receptacles conforming to types 1-15R, 5-15R or 5-20R of the National Electrical Manufacturers

Association (NEMA) (described in statistical reporting number 8536.69.8000)

(202) Gas ignition safety controls, measuring 3.8 to 5.3 cm in height, 6.4 to 10.1 cm in width and 13.2 to 13.9 cm in

depth; weighing 160 g to 380 g each; and valued not over $26 each; of a kind used in patio heaters, agricultural
heaters or clothes dryers (described in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

(203) Printed circuit board assemblies specially designed to control medical infusion pumps (described in statistical

reporting number 8537.10.9170)

(204) Digital sound processing apparatus capable of connecting to a wired or wireless network for the mixing of sound,
each capable of mixing 16, 24, 32 or 64 channel, each measuring not more than 17 cm in height, not more than
60 cm in depth, and not more than 83 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9100)

(205)

Insulated electric conductors for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, fitted with connectors of a kind used for
telecommunications, each valued over $0.35 but not over $2 (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.2000)

(206) Extension cords of copper wire with polyvinyl chloride (PVC) sheaths, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each

measuring at least 9 m but not longer than 16 m in length, with National Electrical Manufacturers Association
(NEMA) type 5-15P plug on one end and NEMA type 5-15R receptacle on the other (described in statistical
reporting number 8544.42.9010)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 265

U.S. Notes (con.)

(207) Extension cords of copper wire with polyvinyl chloride (PVC) sheaths, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each

measuring at least 4 m but not longer than 16 m in length, with National Electrical Manufacturers Association
(NEMA) type TT-30P plug on one end and NEMA type TT-30R receptacle on the other or NEMA type 14-50P
plug on one end and NEMA type 14-50R receptacle on the other, with handles on each end in the shape of loops
(described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(208)

Insulated conductors, not of a kind used for telecommunications, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each with
polyvinyl chloride (PVC) covers and connectors at each end in bundles of 3, 5 or 6 for use in connecting patients
to monitoring devices (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(209) Junction box assemblies, of a kind used in solar panels, incorporating three bypass diodes and two insulated

cables fitted with connectors, for a voltage not more than 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number
8544.42.9090)

(210) Ceramic electrical insulators of alumina for gas ignition electrode assemblies, each measuring at least 6.6 cm but
not more than 11.5 cm in length and not more than 0.95 cm in diameter, weighing not more than 25 g (described
in statistical reporting number 8546.20.0090)

(211) Electrical insulators ("wire nuts") of plastics and steel (described in statistical reporting number 8546.90.0000)

(212) Devices for mounting phones on motor vehicle interiors without a Universal Serial Bus (USB) charging port

(described in statistical reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(213) Tire carrier attachments, roof racks, fender liners, side protective attachments, the foregoing of steel (described

in statistical reporting number 8708.29.5060)

(214) Guide pins and guide bolts designed for use in brakes and servo-brakes of subheading 8708.30 (described in

statistical reporting number 8708.30.5090)

(215) Flange forgings of Society of Automotive Engineers ("SAE") 1035 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.40.7570)

(216) Hub forgings of Society of Automotive Engineers ("SAE") 1035 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.40.7570)

(217) Park gear blanks of Society of Automotive Engineers ("SAE") 1520 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.40.7570)

(218) Stator shafts of Stahlwerk Annahutte ZF34C grade carbon steel (described in statistical reporting number

8708.40.7570)

(219) Front output shafts of Society of Automotive Engineers ("SAE") 1045 carbon steel suitable for use in automatic

transmission systems for passenger motor vehicles (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.6890)

(220) Hitches receivers of steel, not suitable for towing applications, each receiver to be clamped onto the rear bumper
of a recreational vehicle, such bumpers being square in section and measuring not more than 102 mm on a side
(described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(221) Bicycles, not motorized, each having aluminum- or magnesium- alloy wheels both measuring more than 69 cm

but not more than 71 cm in diameter, tires of cross-sectional diameter of 3.5 cm, aluminum frame, a
polyurethane/carbon fiber cord drive belt, 3-, 7- or 12-speed rear hub and twist shifter (described in statistical
reporting number 8712.00.2500)

(222) Single-speed bicycles having both wheels exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, weighing less than 16.3 kg without

accessories and not designed for use with tires having a cross-sectional diameter exceeding 4.13 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 8712.00.2500)

(223) Bicycles, not motorized, having both wheels exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, each having no more than three

speeds and a coaster brake (described in statistical reporting number 8712.00.3500)

(224) Bicycles, including mountain-type, with drop bar, tubeless, folding (described in statistical reporting number

8712.00.4800)

(225) Bicycle frames, of carbon fiber, valued not over $600 each (described in statistical reporting number 8714.91.3000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 266
U.S. Notes (con.)

(226) Bicycle saddles, each having a cover of plastics, man-made textile fabrics or a combination of the two (described

in statistical reporting number 8714.95.0000)

(227) Wheeled trailers suitable for towing behind an adult bicycle, each comprising a frame of aluminum with a hitch

mechanism, weighing not more than 17.5 kg, with a capacity of not more than 46 kg, with those trailers designated
for carrying children meeting ASTM International standard F1975 (described in statistical reporting number
8716.40.0000)

(228) Casters, with diameter (including, where appropriate, tires) of 20 cm or more but not over 23 cm (described in

statistical reporting number 8716.90.3000)

(229) Truck trailer skirt brackets, other than parts of general use of Section XV (described in statistical reporting number

8716.90.5060)

(230) Clear rectangular filter cover lenses, unmounted, of allyl diglycol carbonate for arc welding helmets, each measuring

50 mm by 110 mm or measuring 115 mm by 135 mm (described in statistical reporting number 9001.90.9000)

(231) Compound binocular optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for

photomicrography, cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding
1,000X, weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(232) Compound optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for photomicrography,
cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding 400X, weighing
not more than 15 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(233) Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, each consisting of a wind vane made of
plastics and base metal weighing no more than 25 g (described in statistical reporting number 9015.90.0190)

(234) Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, each consisting of an assembly comprising

3 rotating wind cups, bearings, an internal aspirating fan and one or more solar panels (described in statistical
reporting number 9015.90.0190)

(235) Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, each consisting of an assembly made of

plastic and metal comprising 3 wind cups weighing no more than 35 g (described in statistical reporting number
9015.90.0190)

(236) Flexible probes, each measuring at least 1 m but not more than 2 m in length, with a thermistor heat sensor in

the tip which transmits heat data directly to a temperature monitor (described in statistical reporting number
9025.90.0600)

(237) Metal casings for, and metal parts of, thermometers of subheading 9025.11.40 designed for use in heating,

ventilation and air conditioning ("HVAC") equipment (described in statistical reporting number 9025.90.0600)

(238) Hand-held card counters, each consisting of a plastic case containing a circuit board, rechargeable battery and

controls, weighing less than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9029.10.8000)

(239) 60-minute [sixty-minute] mechanical count-down kitchen timers (described in statistical reporting number

9106.90.8500)

(240) Upholstered seats with wooden frames other than chairs, not of cane, osier, bamboo or similar materials, each
measuring at least 144 cm but no more than 214 cm in width, at least 81 cm but no more than 89 cm in height
and at least 81 cm but not more than 163 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 9401.61.6011)

(241) Stackable upholstered metal chairs for religious worship settings, capable of interlocking with each other, each

with attached holders and racks (described in statistical reporting number 9401.71.0031)

(242) Unassembled upholstered chairs with metal frames, other than household chairs, with seats and backs having a
shell of plastics or wood and measuring at least 48 cm but not more than 61 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 9401.71.0031)

(243) Folding chairs with aluminum frames, each comprising a seat of polyester ripstop fabric and polyester netting and

an aluminum frame, weighing not more than 600 g (described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0015)

(244) Foldable stools with frames of steel or aluminum, each measuring not over 30.5 cm in width, 26 cm in depth and

39 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0035)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 267

U.S. Notes (con.)

(245) Hunting stands of steel or aluminum (including ladder stands, pod stands, hang-on stands and climbing stands),
each of which allows one or more hunters to ascend to a height and sit while waiting for game animals to appear
(described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0035)

(246) Unassembled non-upholstered chairs with metal frames (other than household chairs) with seats and backs having
a shell of plastics or wood and measuring at least 48 cm but not more than 61 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 9401.79.0050)

(247) Parts of chairs of unfinished plywood, including bodies, legs and arms (described in statistical reporting number

9401.90.4080)

(248) Bench frames of cast aluminum, each measuring at least 42 cm but not more than 79 cm in height, and at least

52 cm but not more than 62 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.5081)

(249) Chair frames of metal, each with integral bookshelf, capable of being stacked (described in statistical reporting

number 9401.90.5081)

(250) Foot assemblies of base metal and rubber, designed for folding chairs (described in statistical reporting number

9401.90.5081)

(251) Household furniture of metal and high-pressure laminated bamboo (other than ironing boards, furniture for infants

or children or bed frames) (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0050)

(252) Lockers, of steel (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0050 or 9403.20.0078)

(253) Display racks of powder coated steel, whether or not on casters, whether or not with LED lighting, each measuring
at least 60 cm but not more than 125 cm in length, at least 60 cm but not more than 125 cm in width and at least
130 cm but not more than 225 cm in height, with slanted shelves with a lip at the front edge of each that measures
3 cm or more in height (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0080 prior to July 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 9403.20.0081 effective July 1, 2019)

(254) Adjustable wire shelving units of steel, other than for household use, comprising vertical poles, foot caps or casters,
clips and shelves, each when fully assembled measuring at least 35 cm or more but not more than 183 m in width,
at least 35 cm but not more than 77 cm in depth, and at least 137 cm but not more than 183 cm in height (described
in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0081)

(255) Storage racks of steel, powder-coated, designed to hang from overhead support, each weighing not more than
37 kg, measuring not more than 123 cm in width, not more than 123 cm in height and not more than 245 cm in
length (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0081)

(256) Foldable cots with frames of steel and/or aluminum, each with sleeping surface of polyester or nylon fabric, each
cot measuring 185 cm or more but not over 230 cm in length, 70 cm or more but not over 105 cm in width and 7
cm or more but not over 58 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

(257) Foldable tables with frames of steel and/or aluminum, each measuring 25 cm or more but not over 156 cm in

length, 30 cm or more but not over 80 cm in width and 37 cm or more but not over 113 cm in height, with a tabletop
surface of aluminum (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

(258) Household furniture of high-pressure laminated bamboo, other than babies' or children's furniture (described in

statistical reporting number 9403.82.0015)

(259) Bassinets, composed of polyester fabric with frames of steel tubing and partial solid wood rails, each measuring
86 cm by 51 cm by 86 cm, weighing 12 kg, with adjustable height legs on wheels (described in statistical reporting
number 9403.89.6003)

(260) Baby crib liners, each composed of two pieces of multi-layer warp polyester knit mesh without any padding, one
measuring no more than 29 cm by 283 cm and the other measuring no more than 29 cm by 210 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 9403.90.6005)

(261) Bed rails, each of which attaches to the side of a bed to prevent the occupant of the bed from rolling out, with a

nylon mesh fabric cover (described in statistical reporting number 9403.90.8041)

(262) Outdoor lighting sets, each containing 6 or 10 polycarbonate bulb sockets (described in statistical reporting number

9405.40.8410)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 268
U.S. Notes (con.)

(263) Flameless pillar candles with LED lamps powered by batteries, each measuring at least 7.6 cm but not more than

20 cm in diameter and having a wax exterior (described in statistical reporting number 9405.40.8440)

(264) Flexible strips, each having embedded light-emitting diodes electrically connected to a molded electrical end

connector, each strip wound onto a reel measuring not more than 25 cm in diameter and not more than 1.5 cm
in width (described in statistical reporting number 9405.40.8440)

(265) Garden, patio and table top wick burning torches for outdoor use (described in statistical reporting number

9405.50.4000)

(266) Lamp shades of fabric over metal frame (described in statistical reporting number 9405.99.4090)

(jjj)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and 20(s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30,
2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019), and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product
exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.57, the
additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are
provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

0505.10.0050

0505.10.0055

3401.19.0000

3926.90.9910

4015.19.0510

4015.19.0550

4818.90.0000 prior to July 1, 2020; 4818.90.0020 or 4818.90.0080 effective July 1, 2020

5210.11.4040

5210.11.6020

(10)

5504.10.0000

(11)

6210.10.5000

(12)

6307.90.6090

(13)

6307.90.6800

(14)

6506.10.6030

(15) Cynomolgus macaques (Macaca fascicularis) (also known as crab-eating macaques or long-tailed macaques)

and rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta), captive bred for research (described in statistical reporting number
0106.11.0000)

(16)

Feathers of a kind used for stuffing, of ducks or geese, not further worked than cleaned, disinfected or treated for
preservation, the foregoing other than feathers meeting both test standards 4 and 10.1 of Federal Standard 148a
promulgated by the General Services Administration (described in statistical reporting number 0505.10.0060)

(17)

Sodium alginate resins (CAS No. 9005-38-3) (described in statistical reporting number 3913.10.0000)

(18)

Shower heads of plastics, designed to be fixed, hand-held, height-adjustable or combinations thereof, and parts
of such shower heads (described in statistical reporting number 3924.90.5650)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 269

U.S. Notes (con.)

(19)

Sets of three polyvinyl chloride-coated foam pads, of plastics, of a kind used to assemble flotation work vests by
passing adjustable straps with buckles through slots in the pads, each set comprising two irregularly shaped
front/side pads and one rectangular back pad (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to
July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(20)

Bowls of molded plastics, with clips for retaining guide wires during surgical procedures (described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985
effective July 1, 2020)

(21) Coverings, of plastics, designed to fit over wound sites or casts thereby forming a protective seal for keeping the
covered area dry and debris free while showering or bathing (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(22) Disposable graduated medicine dispensing cups of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990

prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(23)

(24)

Single-use sterile drapes and covers of plastics, of a kind used to protect the sterile field in surgical operating
rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Sterile decanters of polystyrene plastics, each of a kind used to transfer aseptic fluids or medication to and from
sterile bags, vials or glass containers (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(25) Wallpaper, other than described in subheading 4814.20.00, with floral, landscape, figure or abstract designs or

solid backgrounds painted by hand, whether or not with applications of metal leaf (described in statistical reporting
number 4814.90.0200)

(26)

Printed art and pictorial books, each valued at least $5 but not more than $17, each measuring at least 22 cm but
not more than 39 cm in height and at least 14 cm but not more than 32 cm in width, weighing not more than 3 kg,
with die-cut or tipped-in extra pages and bound with foil stamping or with silkscreen on the cover stock (described
in statistical reporting number 4901.99.0065)

(27) Women's knit robes in chief weight of cotton, with hook and loop tab closure (described in statistical reporting

number 6108.91.0030)

(28)

(29)

(30)

(31)

(32)

Babies' gowns of cotton knitted interlock fabric, each with sleeves, neck opening and elasticized bottom opening
(described in statistical reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' sleep sacks of cotton interlock knitted fabric, sleeveless, each with neck opening and two-way zipper
(described in statistical reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' sleep sacks, knitted, of cotton, each with neck opening and two-way zipper (described in statistical reporting
number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' swaddle sacks of cotton knitted interlock fabric, each with sleeves and mitten cuffs (described in statistical
reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' blanket sleepers of polyester knitted fleece, sleeveless, each with two-way zipper (described in statistical
reporting number 6111.30.5015)

(33) Gloves, containing less than 50 percent by weight of textile fibers, coated with rubber or plastics designed for

enhanced grip (described in statistical reporting number 6116.10.6500)

(34) Men's and boys' cotton terry bathrobes with muslin trim, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described

in statistical reporting number 6207.91.1000)

(35) Women's cotton terry bathrobes with muslin trim, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described in

statistical reporting number 6208.91.1010)

(36) Girls' cotton terry bathrobes with muslin trim, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described in statistical

reporting number 6208.91.1020)

(37) Girls' fleece bathrobes, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described in statistical reporting number

6208.92.0020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 270
U.S. Notes (con.)

(38)

(39)

Blankets (other than electric blankets) of cotton, woven, each measuring at least 116 cm but not more than 118
cm on an edge (described in statistical reporting number 6301.30.0010)

Blankets (other than electric blankets) of cotton, other than woven, each measuring at least 116 cm but not more
than 118 cm on an edge (described in statistical reporting number 6301.30.0020)

(40) Dust covers of knitted polyester fabric, designed for bed mattresses and pillows (described in statistical reporting

number 6302.10.0020)

(41) Crib sheets of muslin cotton, fitted with elastic (described in statistical reporting number 6302.31.9020)

(42)

Protective covers of cotton for pillows, not knitted or crocheted, of cotton, not napped or printed, each with full
encasement construction and zipper opening (described in statistical reporting number 6302.31.9040)

(43) Cold packs consisting of a single-use, instant, endothermic chemical reaction cold pack combined with a textile
exterior lining (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(44) Disposable shoe and boot covers of man-made fiber fabrics (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889

prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(45)

Face masks and particulate facepiece respirators, of textile fabrics (described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9845, 6307.90.9850,
6307.90.9870, or 6307.90.9875 effective July 1, 2020)

(46) Hot packs of textile material, single-use (exothermic chemical reaction) (described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(47)

(48)

(49)

Laparotomy sponges of cotton (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use blood pressure cuff sleeves of textile materials (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use medical masks of textile material (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July
1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9845, 6307.90.9850, or 6307.90.9870 effective July 1,
2020)

(50)

Single-use stethoscope covers (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(51) Woven gauze sponges of cotton in square or rectangular sizes (described in statistical reporting number

6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(52)

(53)

(54)

Athletic, recreational and sporting headgear comprising shells of polyvinyl chloride, polycarbonate plastic or
acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, each with an inner liner of expanded polypropylene or expanded polystyrene,
designed for use with bicycles (described in statistical reporting number 6506.10.6045)

Bright C1060 round wire, plated or coated with zinc, containing by weight 0.6 percent or more of carbon, with a
diameter measuring 0.034 mm or more but less than 1 mm (described in statistical reporting number 7217.20.4530)

Sewing machines of the household type, each weighing not more than 22.5 kg, having a touch screen control, a
sewing light, a presser foot lifter and an automatic needle threader (described in statistical reporting number
8452.10.0090)

(55) Gasoline-powered earth-drilling power augers, each weighing not more than 16 kg, having a gasoline engine of

a cylinder displacement not more than 55 cc and an output shaft connectable to an auger bit, whether or not
presented with one or more auger bits (described in statistical reporting number 8467.89.5060)

(56) Gasoline powered or propane-powered engines of a cylinder displacement not more than 80 cc, each machine

including a fitted auger bit specially designed for cutting through ice covers of bodies of water (described in
statistical reporting number 8467.89.5090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 271

U.S. Notes (con.)

(57)

(58)

(59)

Parts of hand-operated faucets, of copper, each weighing not more than 5 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 8481.90.1000)

Apparatus suitable for wearing on the wrist, having time-display functions, each article having an accelerometer
and being capable of displaying and transmitting data sent to it by a network (e.g., portable ADP unit, LAN or
cellular network) (described in statistical reporting number 8517.62.0090)

Tracking devices, each device measuring not more than 86 mm on a side (if rectangular) or 28 mm in diameter
(if circular) and not more than 7.5 mm in thickness, not weighing more than 15 g, designed to be attached to
another article and to establish a Bluetooth connection with another device for the purposes of providing relative
location information (described in statistical reporting number 8517.62.0090)

(60) Wireless communication apparatus that can receive audio data to be distributed to wireless speakers (described

in statistical reporting number 8518.22.0000)

(61)

Television liquid crystal display ("LCD") main board assemblies, each consisting of a printed circuit board containing
a television tuner and audio and video components (described in statistical reporting number 8529.90.1300)

(62)

Protective Articles (described in statistical reporting number 9004.90.0000)

(63)

(64)

Prism binoculars, other than for use with infrared light, comprising a plastic, aluminum or magnesium alloy body
with a rubber jacket, with magnification ranging from at least 4X but not more than 22X and aperture ranging from
at least 21 mm but not more than 56 mm (described in statistical reporting number 9005.10.0040)

Liquid crystal display (“LCD”) modules, not capable of receiving or processing a broadcast television signal, each
with a video display diagonal measuring not more than 191 cm (described in statistical reporting number
9013.80.9000)

(65) Watch cases of stainless steel and titanium, not gold- or silver-plated, unassembled, each measuring at least 20
mm but not more than 48 mm in diameter and weighing at least 50 g but not more than 250 g (described in
statistical reporting number 9111.20.4000)

(66) Watch dials of brass, each measuring at least 18 mm but not exceeding 50 mm in width and weighing at least 10

g but not more than 20 g (described in statistical reporting number 9114.30.4000)

(67)

(68)

(69)

(70)

(71)

(72)

(73)

(74)

Acoustic upright pianos, other than used, containing a case measuring less than 111.76 cm in height (described
in statistical reporting number 9201.10.0011)

Acoustic upright pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 111.76 cm or more, but less than
121.92 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 9201.10.0021)

Acoustic upright pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 121.92 cm or more but less than
129.54 in height (described in statistical reporting number 9201.10.0031)

Acoustic upright pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 129.54 cm or more in height
(described in statistical reporting number 9201.10.0041)

Acoustic grand pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 152.4 cm or more but less than
167.64 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 9201.20.0021)

Acoustic grand pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 167.64 cm or more but less than
180.34 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 9201.20.0031)

Acoustic grand pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 180.34 cm or more but less than
195.58 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 9201.20.0041)

Acoustic grand pianos (other than used), each containing a case measuring 195.58 cm or more in length (described
in statistical reporting number 9201.20.0051)

(75) Harp sharping levers of steel (described in statistical reporting number 9209.92.8000)

(76)

Parts of child safety seats (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.1085)

(77)

Parts of child safety seats incorporating springs (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.1085)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 272
U.S. Notes (con.)

(78)

Pillow shells of cotton, each filled with goose or duck down (described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.1000)

(79) Quilted pillow shells of cotton (described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.1000)

(80) Quilted pillow shells of man-made fibers (described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.2000)

(81)

Balance trainers of plastics, each measuring not more than 120 cm in length by 45 cm in width by 27 cm in height,
containing an air bladder (described in statistical reporting number 9506.91.0030)

(82)

Arrowheads of metal (described in statistical reporting number 9506.99.0520)

(83)

(84)

(85)

Brushes of natural goat hair bristles, which are in lengths of at least 30 mm but not more than 33 mm, enclosed
in a plastic protective holder, for cleaning optical lenses (described in statistical reporting number 9603.90.8050)

Tufts of swine hair bristles, oriented with the soft feather tipped ends of the hairs facing up and the hard, root ends
of the hairs facing down, with the root ends of the hairs glued together to form a round bottom not more than 7
mm in diameter, for incorporation into brushes (described in statistical reporting number 9603.90.8050)

Paintings, drawings or pastels, each executed entirely by hand (the foregoing other than drawings of heading
4906 and other than hand-painted or hand-decorated manufactured articles), each measuring not more than 300
cm by not more than 2,000 cm (described in statistical reporting number 9701.10.0000)

(86)

Postage stamps (described in statistical reporting number 9704.00.0000)

(87) Collectors' pieces of mineralogical interest (described in statistical reporting number 9705.00.0085)

(kkk) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.58, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Submersible centrifugal pumps (other than fuel, lubricating or cooling medium pumps for internal combustion
piston engines; other than stock pumps imported for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or
paperboard), not fitted or designed to be fitted with a measuring device, the foregoing capable of operating at
3,700 liters or more but not exceeding 41,000 liters per hour (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

Tabletop water fountains designed for indoor use, the essential character of which is imparted by submersible
centrifugal pumps (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

Rotary compressors, each exceeding 746 W but not exceeding 2,238 W, with a cooling capacity ranging from 2.3
kW to 5.5 kW (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8060)

Thermal roll laminators, each valued not over $450 (described in statistical reporting number 8420.10.9040)

Cutting pads, platforms, base plates, pads, shims, trays, which function as guides for hand-operated table-top
calendering machines of a width not exceeding 51 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8420.99.9000)

Ionization filters valued over $35 but not over $45 each (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

Disposable plastic filters of a kind suitable for filtering and dehumidifying a patient's breath in a medical device
such as a gas analyzer (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8090)

Parts of swimming pool vacuum cleaners (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040)

3-member slides with ball bearings, of stainless steel, for use in household dishwashers (described in statistical
reporting number 8422.90.0640)

(10)

(Shovel loaders, each with a bucket capacity of 11.4 m3 to 12 m3, and an operating weight of 30,000 kg or more
but not exceeding 36,000 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8429.51.1055)

(11)

Animal feeding machinery (described in statistical reporting number 8436.80.0090)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 273

U.S. Notes (con.)

(12)

Parts of animal feeding machinery (described in statistical reporting number 8436.99.0090)

(13)

Ink cartridges, each weighing more than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8443.99.2010)

(14)

Printer maintenance kits consisting of two or more replacement parts for printer units of subheading 8443.32.10
specified in additional U.S. note 2 to chapter 84 (described in statistical reporting number 8443.99.2050)

(15) Horizontal lathes for removing metal, electrically powered, not numerically controlled, each with mill head attachment

mounted above the lathe headstock (described in statistical reporting number 8458.19.0020)

(16) New numerically-controlled milling machines capable of end beveling pipe of an outside diameter of 60 cm or

more but not exceeding 305 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8459.61.0080)

(17)

Press brakes, not numerically controlled, having a drive capacity rating of 3kW (described in statistical reporting
number 8462.29.0030)

(18) New hydraulic shearing machines, not numerically controlled, with a power of 7.5 kW, valued at $3,025 or more

each (described in statistical reporting number 8462.39.0050)

(19)

Tool holders of a kind used to hold various types of metal working tools for use on milling machine spindles
(described in statistical reporting number 8466.10.0175)

(20) Modularized plants for the manufacture of lithium hydroxide by functions involving mixing, kneading or stirring

(described in statistical reporting number 8479.82.0040)

(21)

(22)

Ball type angle cock valve bodies, of cast iron, for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions (described in statistical
reporting number 8481.90.9020)

Valve bodies, of aluminum, of valves for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions (described in statistical reporting
number 8481.90.9020)

(23) Hydraulic valve parts, other than valve bodies, of valves for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions, each valued

not over $5 (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9040)

(24)

(25)

(26)

Angular contact ball bearings, not for use with wheel hub bearing units, having an inner diameter of 25 mm or
greater but not exceeding 55 mm, an outer diameter of 50 mm or greater but not exceeding 95 mm, a width of
20 mm or greater but not exceeding 35 mm, with single or double row of steel balls and a cage of steel or plastics
(described in statistical reporting number 8482.10.5028)

Angular contact ball bearings, not over 40 mm in width, other than wheel hub bearing units (described in statistical
reporting number 8482.10.5028)

Electric motors, AC, permanent split capacitor type, not exceeding 16 W (described in statistical reporting number
8501.10.4020)

(27) DC motors, of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, valued over $2 but not over $30 each

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.2000)

(28)

AC motors, multi-phase, of rolled steel frame construction (described in statistical reporting number 8501.51.4040)

(29)

AC motors, multi-phase, of an output of 186.5 kW or more but not exceeding 373 kW, having a cast iron frame
construction (described in statistical reporting number 8501.53.8040)

(30) Dual layer printed circuit board assemblies, each valued over $30 but not over $35 (described in statistical reporting

number 8504.90.7500)

(31)

(32)

Transceivers, 10-meter, not hand-held, for operation in infrequencies of 28.000 to 29.700 MHz (described in
statistical reporting number 8525.60.1050)

Limit switches, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued over $19 but not over $32 (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.50.9055)

(33) Modular light switches, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, presented in polyethylene terephthalate (PET)
housings, designed for use with a backplate (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9065)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 274
U.S. Notes (con.)

(34)

Switches designed for use in motor vehicles, driver or passenger activated (described in statistical reporting
number 8536.50.9065)

(35) Coaxial connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, valued over $0.20 but not over $0.30 each (described

in statistical reporting number 8536.69.4010)

(36)

Butt splice connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued not over $3 (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(37) Ring terminals, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(38)

(39)

(40)

Twist-on wire connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued not over $0.03 (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.90.4000)

S-band and X-band linear accelerators designed for use in radiation surgery or radiation therapy equipment
(described in statistical reporting number 8543.10.0000)

Four-wheel off-road vehicles, with only spark-ignition internal combustion reciprocating piston engines, of a cylinder
capacity not exceeding 1,000 cc, with straddle seat and handlebar control, each with label indicating that vehicle
is for operation only by persons at least 16 years of age, each valued not over $5000 (described in statistical
reporting number 8703.21.0110)

(41) Works trucks, electrical, operator riding, each of a curb weight exceeding 8,500 kg but not exceeding 9,500 kg

(described in statistical reporting number 8709.11.0030)

(42) Depth-sounding apparatus, each valued not over $50 (described in statistical reporting number 9014.80.2000)

(43) Disposable electrocardiograph (ECG) electrodes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.11.9000)

(44)

Portable ultrasonic scanner consoles, each weighing less than 4 kg, presented with or without transducer (described
in statistical reporting number 9018.12.0000)

(45) Digital peak flow meters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number

9018.19.9550)

(46)

(47)

Fingertip pulse oximeters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9550)

Bismuth germanate crystals with set dimensional and surface finish requirements and used as a detection element
in Positron Emission Tomography (PET) detectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(48) Magnetic resonance imaging ("MRI") patient enclosure devices, each incorporating radio frequency and gradient

coils (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(49)

Parts and accessories of capnography monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(50) Otoscopes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.2000)

(51)

Anesthesia masks (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.3000)

(52)

Electrosurgical cautery pencils with electrical connectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(53)

Printed circuit board assemblies designed for use in displaying operational performance of medical infusion
equipment (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.7580)

(54)

X-ray tables (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.2500)

(55)

X-ray tube housings and parts thereof (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.4000)

(56)

Parts and accessories, of metal, for mobile X-ray apparatus (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.6000)

(57)

Printed circuit board assemblies, of a kind designed for use in X-ray apparatus (described in statistical reporting
number 9022.90.6000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 275

U.S. Notes (con.)

(58)

(59)

(60)

(61)

Vertical stands specially designed to support, contain or adjust the movement of X-ray digital detectors, or the
X-ray tube and collimator in complete X-ray diagnostic systems (described in statistical reporting number
9022.90.6000)

Thermoplastic masks of polycaprolactone for the use of immobilizing patients, during the use of alpha, beta or
gamma radiations, for radiography or radiotherapy (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.9500)

Automatic thermostats for heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems, containing temperature and humidity
sensors, designed for wall mounting (described in statistical reporting number 9032.10.0030)

Battery balancers designed for regulating voltage across batteries, other than for 6, 12 or 24 volt systems (described
in statistical reporting number 9032.89.4000)

(62)

Thermostat covers (described in statistical reporting number 9032.90.6120)

(lll)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.59, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Acrylic acid-2-acrylamido-2-methylpropanesulfonic acid-acrylic ester (AA/AMPS/HPA) terpolymers, presented in
dry form (described in statistical reporting number 3906.90.5000)

Molded acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS) tubes, of a kind used to effect the sterile transfer of fluid from a bag
or vial to another container, each tube measuring 7.5 cm or more but not exceeding 23 cm in length, with an inner
diameter of less than 0.65 cm and an outer diameter of less than 9 cm, one end having been angle-cut to form a
spike, and having an integrated flange, less than 3 cm in diameter (splash guard) near the spike end and removable
polyethylene caps on each end, put up in sterile packing (described in statistical reporting number 3917.29.0090)

Electrical tape of polyvinyl chloride, in rolls, measuring not more than 2 cm in width, not more than 20.2 m in
length, and not more than 0.18 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 3919.10.2020)

Transparent tape of plastics with an acrylic emulsion adhesive, in rolls measuring not over 4.8 cm in width, valued
not over $.25 per square meter (described in statistical reporting number 3919.10.2030)

Rolls of polyethylene film coated with a solvent acrylic adhesive (described in statistical reporting number
3919.10.2055)

Rolls of polyvinyl chloride, measuring 2.5 cm or more but not exceeding 5.1 cm in width and 182.9 m in length
(described in statistical reporting number 3920.43.5000)

Films coated on one or both sides with polyvinylidene chloride (PVdC) or polyvinyl alcohol (PVOH), whether or
not having a primer layer between the base and coating; any of the foregoing having a total thickness greater
than 0.01 mm but not greater than 0.03 mm (described in statistical reporting number 3920.62.0090)

Printed film of polyvinyl chloride, laminated with foamed-polyvinyl chloride-coated polyester scrim, in rolls, of a
kind used for lining shelves or drawers (described in statistical reporting number 3921.12.1100)

Sheets and strips consisting of both cross-linked polyethylene and ethylene vinyl acetate, of a width greater than
1 m but not greater than 1.5 m, and a length greater than 1.75 m but not greater than 2.6 m (described in statistical
reporting number 3921.19.0000)

(10)

Polyethylene sheet and film laminated with spunbond-spunbond-spunbond nonwoven polypropylene fabric,
measuring 1.12 m or more but not over 1.52 m in width and 1.93 m or more but not over 2.29 m in length, and
weighing 55 g/m² or more but not exceeding 88 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number 3921.90.1500)

(11) Girders of iron or steel, meeting ASTM standard A572, Grades 50, 65 or 70 (described in statistical reporting

number 7308.90.3000)

(12)

Pipes of iron or steel, with connectors, meeting ASTM standard A572, Grade 50 (described in statistical reporting
number 7308.90.3000)

(13)

Posts of steel pipe and tube, with ball knobs attached (described in statistical reporting number 7308.90.3000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 276
U.S. Notes (con.)

(14)

Posts of steel pipe and tube, with sill plates and ball studs attached (described in statistical reporting number
7308.90.3000)

(15) Rib nodes of iron or steel, meeting ASTM standard A572, Grades 50, 65 or 70 (described in statistical reporting

number 7308.90.3000)

(16) Monopolar conductors for a voltage exceeding 1,000 V, other than of copper and not fitted with connectors

(described in statistical reporting number 8544.60.6000)

(17) Motorcycles with electric power for propulsion, each of a power not exceeding 1,000 W (described in statistical

reporting numbers 8711.60.0050 or 8711.60.0090, effective July 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number
8711.60.0000, effective prior to July 1, 2019)

(mmm)The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.60, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

9030.90.4600

Chemically etched dies of steel, steel-rule cutting dies, movable magnetic dies, embossing folders and plastic
embossing diffusers, of a kind used in manually-powered roller machines for etching or stenciling a single sheet
of cardstock, paper, leather, flexible magnet, plastics, metallic foil, vellum, felt or fabric, such sheets measuring
not more than 50.8 cm in width or length (described in statistical reporting number 8420.99.9000)

Operator riding self-propelled aerial work platforms of a kind described in statistical note 1 to chapter 84 effective
July 1, 2019, to December 31, 2019, or in statistical note 2 to chapter 84 effective January 1, 2020, powered by
an electric motor, with a load capacity not exceeding 1,400 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8427.10.8010 prior to July 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8427.10.8020 effective July 1, 2019)

Cement retainer assemblies with diameter of 4.5 cm or more but not exceeding 51 cm and length of 30.5 cm or
more but not exceeding 72 cm, composed of cylindrical cast iron components, nitrile rubber seal and brass back-up
rings, suitable for use solely or principally with the machinery of subheadings 8430.41 or 8430.49 (described in
statistical reporting number 8431.43.8060)

Extrusion machines for processing rubber, twin-screw type, designed to produce inner liners for tires (described
in statistical reporting number 8477.20.0015)

Safety valves, of brass or bronze, containing a fusible element to automatically close the valve at a set temperature,
each valued not over $5 (described in statistical reporting number 8481.40.0000)

DC electric motors, of an output of less than 18.65 W, other than brushless, measuring less than 38 mm in diameter
(described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.4060)

DC motors, electronically commutated, three-phase, eight-pole of a kind used in HVAC systems, of an output of
750 W, valued not over $100 each (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.6000)

Combined positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) scanners which utilize multiple PET
gantries (frames) on a common base (described in statistical reporting number 9022.12.0000)

(nnn) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.61, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

Elastomeric petroleum resins (CAS No. 64742-16-1) (described in statistical reporting number 3911.10.0000)

Machine tool stands having leveling, stabilizing, attachment or other special features (described in statistical
reporting number 8466.30.8000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 277

U.S. Notes (con.)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Electric motors, with an output of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, with attached cables, designed for
use in adjusting motor vehicle seats (described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6080)

DC electric motors, 12 V, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, with lead wires and electrical
connector, measuring not over 75 mm outside diameter, with a housing not over 100 mm in length and a shaft
not over 60 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

DC electric motors, 12 V, with an output not exceeding 515 W, measuring not over 95 mm in outside diameter,
not over 155 mm in length and with a shaft not over 30 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.4000)

DC electric motors, 120 V, with an output not exceeding 90 W, measuring not over 90 mm long by 35 mm wide
by 35 mm high (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

DC electric motors, 13.5 V, with an output not exceeding 110 W, measuring not over 75 mm outside diameter,
housing not over 120 mm long, a shaft not over 55 mm long and with a mounting flange not over 150 mm (described
in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

DC electric motors, 230 V, with an output not exceeding 140 W, measuring not more than 45 mm in diameter and
not over 100 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

DC electric motors, 230 V, with output not exceeding 85 W, measuring not more than 90 mm in length by 35 mm
in width by 35 mm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(10) DC electric motors, 24 V, with an output not exceeding 515 W, measuring not over 95 mm in outside diameter,
not over 155 mm in length and with a shaft not over 30 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.4000)

(11) DC electric motors, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, containing lead wires and an

electrical connector (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(12) DC motors with a power output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 230 W, measuring less than 105 mm in

diameter and 50 mm or more but not over 100 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(13) DC motors, of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, each valued not over $18 (described in

statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(14) Direct Current (DC) permanent magnet motors rated at 90 W or more but not over 110 W and 24 V with torque

of 65 Newton meters (Nm) and 2,035 Nm, incorporating a wheel that can manually actuate a valve (described in
statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(15) Ground Fault Circuit Interrupters (GFCIs), Appliance Leakage Current Interrupters (ALCIs), Leakage Current

Detection Interrupters (LCDIs), and Arc Fault Circuit Interrupters (AFCIs) (described in statistical reporting number
8536.30.8000)

(16)

(17)

(18)

(19)

(20)

(21)

Electronic AC passive infrared (PIR) motion sensing switches (described in statistical reporting number
8536.50.7000)

Bottom shelf coupler assemblies designed for use with coupling systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606
(described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning front retainer plates, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles of
heading 8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning intermediate aligning and overtravel protection members, designed for use with
buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number
8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning rear aligning and overtravel protection members designed for use with buffering/cushioning
systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning rear structural units, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles of heading
8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 278
U.S. Notes (con.)

(22)

(23)

Buffering/cushioning retention and alignment shafts, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of vehicles
of heading 8605 or 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Buffering/cushioning retention caps, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of freight railcars of
heading 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(24) Draft pack rear aligning and overtravel protection members, designed for use with hybrid railcar cushioning systems

of freight railcars of heading 8606 (described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(25)

(26)

Follower block plates, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of freight railcars of heading 8606
(described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

Type F knuckles, designed for use with coupling systems of vehicles of heading 8605 or 8606 (described in
statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(27) Digital clinical thermometers, valued not over $11 each (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8040

prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8010 or 9025.19.8020 effective July 1,
2020)

(28)

Portable, wireless enabled, electrical gas monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9027.10.2000)

(ooo) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 28710 (June 20, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 32181 (July 11,
2018). Subsequently, the U.S. Trade Representative sought public comment on additional modifications in this
investigation in order to address COVID-19. See 85 FR 16987 (March 25, 2020). The U.S. Trade Representative has
determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.62, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall
not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:
[Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Disposable plastic filters of a kind suitable for filtering and dehumidifying a patient's breath in a medical device
such as a gas analyzer (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8090)

S-band and X-band linear accelerators designed for use in radiation surgery or radiation therapy equipment
(described in statistical reporting number 8543.10.0000)

Disposable electrocardiograph (ECG) electrodes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.11.9000)

Ultrasonic scanning apparatus, each having dimensions not exceeding 122 cm by 77 cm by 127 cm, whether or
not presented with transducer (described in statistical reporting number 9018.12.0000)

Blood pressure monitors suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9530)

Digital peak flow meters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9550)

Fingertip pulse oximeters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9550)

Bismuth germanate crystals with set dimensional and surface finish requirements and used as a detection element
in Positron Emission Tomography (PET) detectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

Magnetic resonance imaging ("MRI") patient enclosure devices, each incorporating radio frequency and gradient
coils (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(10)

Parts and accessories of capnography monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(11) Disposable surface electrodes for Intra-operative neuromonitoring ("IONM") systems, each composed of a surface
electrode pad, an insulated wire, and a standard DIN 42802 connector (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9560)

(12) Otoscopes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.2000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 279

U.S. Notes (con.)

(13)

Anesthesia masks (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.3000)

(14)

Anesthetic instruments and appliances suitable for use in medical or surgical sciences, and parts and accessories
of the foregoing (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.3000)

(15)

Electrosurgical cautery pencils with electrical connectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(16)

Printed circuit board assemblies designed for use in displaying operational performance of medical infusion
equipment (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.7580)

(17) Combined positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) scanners which utilize multiple PET

gantries (frames) on a common base (described in statistical reporting number 9022.12.0000)

(18)

X-ray tables (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.2500)

(19)

X-ray tube housings and parts thereof (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.4000)

(20) Multi-leaf collimators of radiotherapy systems based on the use of X-ray (described in statistical reporting number

9022.90.6000)

(21)

Parts and accessories, of metal, for mobile X-ray apparatus (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.6000)

(22)

(23)

(24)

Vertical stands specially designed to support, contain or adjust the movement of X-ray digital detectors, or the
X-ray tube and collimator in complete X-ray diagnostic systems (described in statistical reporting number
9022.90.6000)

Thermoplastic masks of polycaprolactone for the use of immobilizing patients, during the use of alpha, beta or
gamma radiations, for radiography or radiotherapy (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.9500)

Inoculator sets of plastics, each consisting of a plate with multiple wells, a display tray, and a lid; when assembled,
the set measuring 105 mm or more but not exceeding 108 mm in width, 138 mm or more but not exceeding 140
mm in depth, and 6.5 mm or less in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 9027.90.5650)

(ppp) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Subsequently, the U.S. Trade Representative sought public comment on additional modifications in this
investigation in order to address COVID-19. See 85 FR 16987 (March 25, 2020). The U.S. Trade Representative has
determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.63, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall
not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:
[Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

9025.19.8010

9025.19.8020

9025.19.8060

9025.19.8085

Molded acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS) tubes, of a kind used to effect the sterile transfer of fluid from a bag
or vial to another container, each tube measuring 7.5 cm or more but not exceeding 23 cm in length, with an inner
diameter of less than 0.65 cm and an outer diameter of less than 9 cm, one end having been angle-cut to form a
spike, and having an integrated flange, less than 3 cm in diameter (splash guard) near the spike end and removable
polyethylene caps on each end, put up in sterile packing (described in statistical reporting number 3917.29.0090)

Polyethylene film, 20.32 to 198.12 cm in width, and 30.5 to 2000.5 m in length, coated on one side with solvent
acrylic adhesive, clear or in transparent colors, whether or not printed, in rolls (described in statistical reporting
number 3919.90.5060)

Rectangular sheets of high-density or low-density polyethylene, 111.75 cm to 215.9 cm in width, and 152.4 cm
to 304.8 cm in length, with a sticker attached to mark the center of each sheet, of a kind used in hospital or surgery
center operating rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3920.10.0000)

XXII
99 - III - 280
U.S. Notes (con.)

(8)

(9)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Sheets and strips consisting of both cross-linked polyethylene and ethylene vinyl acetate, of a width greater than
1 m but not greater than 1.5 m, and a length greater than 1.75 m but not greater than 2.6 m (described in statistical
reporting number 3921.19.0000)

Polyethylene sheet and film laminated with spunbond-spunbond-spunbond nonwoven polypropylene fabric,
measuring 1.12 m or more but not over 1.52 m in width and 1.93 m or more but not over 2.29 m in length, and
weighing 55 g/m² or more but not exceeding 88 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number 3921.90.1500)

(10) Dispensers of hand-cleaning or hand-sanitizing solutions, whether employing a manual pump or a

proximity-detecting battery-operated pump, each article weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(qqq) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading

9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and 20(f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided
for in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04.
See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Subsequently, the U.S.
Trade Representative sought public comment on additional modifications in this investigation in order to address
COVID-19. See 85 FR 16987 (March 25, 2020). The U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in
heading 9903.88.64, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply
to the following particular products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's
note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

3808.94.1000

3808.94.5010

3808.94.5050

3808.94.5090 prior to July 1, 2021; 3808.94.5080 or 3808.94.5095 effective July 1, 2021

3923.21.0095

3926.20.9050

4015.19.1010

4819.50.4060

5603.12.0090

(10)

5603.14.9090

(11)

5603.92.0090

(12)

5603.93.0090

(13)

6505.00.8015

(14)

8424.90.9080

(15)

Sodium metal (CAS No. 7440-23-5), in bulk solid form (described in statistical reporting number 2805.11.0000)

(16) Disposable cloths of nonwoven textile materials impregnated, coated or covered with organic surface-active

preparations for washing the skin, put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number 3401.11.5000)

(17) Hand soaps and hand sanitizers in the form of liquid or cream put up for retail sale, other than hand sanitizers of

heading 3808 (described in statistical reporting number 3401.30.5000)

(18) Organic surface-active liquid for washing the skin, not containing any aromatic or modified aromatic surface-active
agent, put up for retail sale in a bottle of plastics with pump-action top, each bottle measuring not more than 17
cm in width, not more than 27 cm in height and not more than 6.5 cm in length and with a net weight of not more
than 0.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 3401.30.5000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 281

U.S. Notes (con.)

(19) Mixtures containing 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol (CAS No. 108-01-0) (described in statistical reporting number

3824.99.9297)

(20)

(21)

(22)

Silicon monoxide (SiO) (CAS No. 10097-28-6) in powder form (described in statistical reporting number
3824.99.9297)

Flexible gas sampling tubes, pipes and hoses, of polyvinyl chloride, with lock connectors at each end (described
in statistical reporting number 3917.33.0000)

Flexible oxygen tubes, pipes and hoses presented with integrated molded connectors, of polyvinyl chloride
(described in statistical reporting number 3917.33.0000)

(23) Container units of plastics, each comprising a tub and lid therefore, configured or fitted for the conveyance, packing,

or dispensing of wet wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.10.9000)

(24)

(25)

(26)

(27)

(28)

Sacks and bags of polymers of ethylene, reclosable, qualifying as Class 1 medical devices by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration under product code NNI (described in statistical reporting number 3923.21.0030)

Injection molded polypropylene plastic caps or lids each weighing not over 24 grams designed for dispensing wet
wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

Aprons, of plastics, of a kind used as personal protection equipment (described in statistical reporting number
3926.20.9010)

Seamless disposable gloves of acrylonitrile butadiene rubber, other than for surgical or medical use (described
in statistical reporting number 4015.19.1010)

Seamless disposable gloves of natural rubber latex, other than for surgical or medical use (described in statistical
reporting number 4015.19.1010)

(29) Nonwoven fabrics of man-made fibers, weighing more than 25 g/m² but not more than 70 g/m², with a smooth or
embossed texture (not impregnated, coated or covered with material other than or in addition to rubber, plastics,
wood pulp or glass fibers), in rolls that are pre-slitted in lengths of not less than 15 cm to not more than 107 cm,
for use in the manufacture of personal care wipes (described in statistical reporting number 5603.12.0090)

(30) Hand pumps (other than for fuel or lubricants, not fitted or designed to be fitted with a metering device), each
used to dispense a metered quantity of liquid soap or sanitizer (described in statistical reporting number
8413.20.0000)

(31) Hand pumps for liquids (other than those of subheading 8413.11 or 8413.19) of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene

(ABS) plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8413.20.0000)

(32)

Indicator panels incorporating LEDs, designed for use in medical infusion equipment (described in statistical
reporting number 8531.20.0040)

(33) Data input devices each with display capabilities of a kind used for magnetic resonance imaging (“MRI”) equipment,

computed tomography (“CT”) equipment, intraoperative X-ray (“IXR”) equipment or patient monitors (described
in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

(34) Compound binocular optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for

photomicrography, cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding
1,000X, weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(35) Compound optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for photomicrography,
cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding 400X, weighing
not more than 15 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(rrr)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Subsequently, the U.S. Trade
Representative sought public comment on additional modifications in this investigation in order to address COVID-19.
See 85 FR 16987 (March 25, 2020). The U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading
9903.88.65, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products,
which are provided for in the following enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

XXII
99 - III - 282
U.S. Notes (con.)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

3401.19.0000

3926.90.9910

4015.19.0510

4015.19.0550

4818.90.0000 prior to July 1, 2020; 4818.90.0020 or 4818.90.0080 effective July 1, 2020

5210.11.4040

5210.11.6020

5504.10.0000

6210.10.5010

(10)

6210.10.5090

(11)

6307.90.6090

(12)

6307.90.6800

(13)

6307.90.7200

(14)

(15)

Face shields of transparent plastics, whether or not assembled (described in statistical reporting number
3926.90.9950)

Bowls of molded plastics, with clips for retaining guide wires during surgical procedures (described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985
effective July 1, 2020)

(16) Coverings, of plastics, designed to fit over wound sites or casts thereby forming a protective seal for keeping the
covered area dry and debris free while showering or bathing (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(17) Disposable graduated medicine dispensing cups of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990

prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(18)

(19)

Single-use sterile drapes and covers of plastics, of a kind used to protect the sterile field in surgical operating
rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Sterile decanters of polystyrene plastics, each of a kind used to transfer aseptic fluids or medication to and from
sterile bags, vials or glass containers (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(20) Gloves, containing less than 50 percent by weight of textile fibers, coated with rubber or plastics designed for

enhanced grip (described in statistical reporting number 6116.10.6500)

(21) Cold packs consisting of a single-use, instant, endothermic chemical reaction cold pack combined with a textile
exterior lining (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(22) Disposable shoe and boot covers of man-made fiber fabrics (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889

prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(23)

Face masks and particulate facepiece respirators, of textile fabrics (described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9845, 6307.90.9850,
6307.90.9870, or 6307.90.9875 effective July 1, 2020)

(24) Hot packs of textile material, single-use (exothermic chemical reaction) (described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 283

U.S. Notes (con.)

(25)

(26)

(27)

Laparotomy sponges of cotton (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use blood pressure cuff sleeves of textile materials (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use medical masks of textile material (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July
1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9845, 6307.90.9850, or 6307.90.9870 effective July 1,
2020)

(28)

Single-use stethoscope covers (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(29) Woven gauze sponges of cotton in square or rectangular sizes (described in statistical reporting number

6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(30)

Protective Articles (described in statistical reporting number 9004.90.0000 prior to January 1, 2021; described in
statistical reporting number 9004.90.0010 or 9004.90.0090 effective January 1, 2021)

(sss)

(i) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.66, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Disposable plastic filters of a kind suitable for filtering and dehumidifying a patient's breath in a medical device
such as a gas analyzer (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8090 prior to January 27, 2022; described
in statistical reporting number 8421.39.0190 effective January 27, 2022)

S-band and X-band linear accelerators designed for use in radiation surgery or radiation therapy equipment
(described in statistical reporting number 8543.10.0000)

Disposable electrocardiograph (ECG) electrodes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.11.9000)

Ultrasonic scanning apparatus, each having dimensions not exceeding 122 cm by 77 cm by 127 cm, whether or
not presented with transducer (described in statistical reporting number 9018.12.0000)

Blood pressure monitors suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9530)

Digital peak flow meters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9550)

Fingertip pulse oximeters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9550)

Bismuth germanate crystals with set dimensional and surface finish requirements and used as a detection element
in Positron Emission Tomography (PET) detectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

Magnetic resonance imaging ("MRI") patient enclosure devices, each incorporating radio frequency and gradient
coils (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(10)

Parts and accessories of capnography monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(11) Disposable surface electrodes for Intra-operative neuromonitoring (“IONM”) systems, each composed of a surface
electrode pad, an insulated wire, and a standard DIN 42802 connector (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9560)

(12) Otoscopes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.2000)

(13)

Anesthesia masks (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.3000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 284
U.S. Notes (con.)

(14)

Anesthetic instruments and appliances suitable for use in medical or surgical sciences, and parts and accessories
of the foregoing (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.3000)

(15)

Electrosurgical cautery pencils with electrical connectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(16)

Printed circuit board assemblies designed for use in displaying operational performance of medical infusion
equipment (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.7580)

(17) Combined positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) scanners which utilize multiple PET

gantries (frames) on a common base (described in statistical reporting number 9022.12.0000)

(18)

X-ray tables (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.2500)

(19)

X-ray tube housings and parts thereof (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.4000)

(20) Multi-leaf collimators of radiotherapy systems based on the use of X-ray (described in statistical reporting number

9022.90.6000)

(21)

Parts and accessories, of metal, for mobile X-ray apparatus (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.6000)

(22)

(23)

(24)

Vertical stands specially designed to support, contain or adjust the movement of X-ray digital detectors, or the
X-ray tube and collimator in complete X-ray diagnostic systems (described in statistical reporting number
9022.90.6000)

Thermoplastic masks of polycaprolactone for the use of immobilizing patients, during the use of alpha, beta or
gamma radiations, for radiography or radiotherapy (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.9500)

Inoculator sets of plastics, each consisting of a plate with multiple wells, a display tray, and a lid; when assembled,
the set measuring 105 mm or more but not exceeding 108 mm in width, 138 mm or more but not exceeding 140
mm in depth, and 6.5 mm or less in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 9027.90.5650)

(ii) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September 18,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in
heading 9903.88.66, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

9025.19.8010

9025.19.8020

9025.19.8060

9025.19.8085

Molded acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS) tubes, of a kind used to effect the sterile transfer of fluid from
a bag or vial to another container, each tube measuring 7.5 cm or more but not exceeding 23 cm in length,
with an inner diameter of less than 0.65 cm and an outer diameter of less than 9 cm, one end having been
angle-cut to form a spike, and having an integrated flange, less than 3 cm in diameter (splash guard) near
the spike end and removable polyethylene caps on each end, put up in sterile packing (described in statistical
reporting number 3917.29.0090)

Rectangular sheets of high-density or low-density polyethylene, 111.75 cm to 215.9 cm in width, and 152.4
cm to 304.8 cm in length, with a sticker attached to mark the center of each sheet, of a kind used in hospital
or surgery center operating rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3920.10.0000)

Sheets and strips consisting of both cross-linked polyethylene and ethylene vinyl acetate, of a width greater
than 1 m but not greater than 1.5 m, and a length greater than 1.75 m but not greater than 2.6 m (described
in statistical reporting number 3921.19.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 285

U.S. Notes (con.)

(8)

(9)

Polyethylene sheet and film laminated with spunbond-spunbond-spunbond nonwoven polypropylene fabric,
measuring 1.12 m or more but not over 1.52 m in width and 1.93 m or more but not over 2.29 m in length,
and weighing 55 g/m² or more but not exceeding 88 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number
3921.90.1500)

Dispensers of hand-cleaning or hand-sanitizing solutions, whether employing a manual pump or a
proximity-detecting battery-operated pump, each article weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(iii) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and 20(f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for in
U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04. See 83
Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.66, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which
are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

3808.94.1000

3808.94.5010

3923.21.0095

3926.20.9050

4819.50.4060

5603.12.0090 prior to July 1, 2022; 5603.12.0070 or 5603.12.0095 effective July 1, 2022

5603.14.9090

5603.92.0090 prior to July 1, 2022; 5603.92.0070 or 5603.92.0095 effective July 1, 2022

5603.93.0090

(10)

6505.00.8015

(11)

8424.90.9080

(12)

Sodium metal (CAS No. 7440-23-5), in bulk solid form (described in statistical reporting number 2805.11.0000)

(13) Disposable cloths of nonwoven textile materials impregnated, coated or covered with organic surface-active
preparations for washing the skin, put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number 3401.11.5000)

(14) Mixtures containing 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol (CAS No. 108-01-0) (described in statistical reporting number

3824.99.9297 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 3824.99.9397 effective
January 27, 2022)

(15)

(16)

(17)

Silicon monoxide (SiO) (CAS No. 10097-28-6) in powder form (described in statistical reporting number
3824.99.9297 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 3824.99.9397 effective
January 27, 2022)

Flexible gas sampling tubes, pipes and hoses, of polyvinyl chloride, with lock connectors at each end (described
in statistical reporting number 3917.33.0000)

Flexible oxygen tubes, pipes and hoses presented with integrated molded connectors, of polyvinyl chloride
(described in statistical reporting number 3917.33.0000)

(18) Container units of plastics, each comprising a tub and lid therefore, configured or fitted for the conveyance,

packing, or dispensing of wet wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.10.9000)

(19)

Sacks and bags of polymers of ethylene, reclosable, qualifying as Class 1 medical devices by the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration under product code NNI (described in statistical reporting number 3923.21.0030)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 286
U.S. Notes (con.)

(20)

Injection molded polypropylene plastic caps or lids each weighing not over 24 grams designed for dispensing
wet wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

(21) Hand pumps (other than for fuel or lubricants, not fitted or designed to be fitted with a metering device), each

used to dispense a metered quantity of liquid soap or sanitizer (described in statistical reporting number
8413.20.0000)

(22) Hand pumps for liquids (other than those of subheading 8413.11 or 8413.19) of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene

(ABS) plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8413.20.0000)

(23)

Indicator panels incorporating LEDs, designed for use in medical infusion equipment (described in statistical
reporting number 8531.20.0040)

(24) Data input devices each with display capabilities of a kind used for magnetic resonance imaging (“MRI”)

equipment, computed tomography (“CT”) equipment, intraoperative X-ray (“IXR”) equipment or patient monitors
(described in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

(25) Compound binocular optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for

photomicrography, cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not
exceeding 1,000X, weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(26) Compound optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for photomicrography,
cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding 400X, weighing
not more than 15 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(iv) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.66, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
following enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

3401.19.0000

3926.90.9910

4818.90.0000 prior to July 1, 2020; 4818.90.0020 or 4818.90.0080 effective July 1, 2020

5210.11.4040

5210.11.6020

5504.10.0000

6210.10.5010

6210.10.5090

6307.90.7200

Face shields of transparent plastics, whether or not assembled (described in statistical reporting number
3926.90.9950)

Bowls of molded plastics, with clips for retaining guide wires during surgical procedures (described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985
effective July 1, 2020)

(12) Coverings, of plastics, designed to fit over wound sites or casts thereby forming a protective seal for keeping

the covered area dry and debris free while showering or bathing (described in statistical reporting number
3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1,
2020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 287

U.S. Notes (con.)

(13) Disposable graduated medicine dispensing cups of plastics (described in statistical reporting number

3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1,
2020)

(14)

(15)

Single-use sterile drapes and covers of plastics, of a kind used to protect the sterile field in surgical operating
rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Sterile decanters of polystyrene plastics, each of a kind used to transfer aseptic fluids or medication to and
from sterile bags, vials or glass containers (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to
July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(16) Cold packs consisting of a single-use, instant, endothermic chemical reaction cold pack combined with a

textile exterior lining (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described
in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(17) Hot packs of textile material, single-use (exothermic chemical reaction) (described in statistical reporting

number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective
July 1, 2020)

(18)

(19)

Laparotomy sponges of cotton (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use blood pressure cuff sleeves of textile materials (described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1,
2020)

(20)

Single-use stethoscope covers (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(21) Woven gauze sponges of cotton in square or rectangular sizes (described in statistical reporting number

6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1,
2020)

(22)

Protective Articles (described in statistical reporting number 9004.90.0000 prior to January 1, 2021; described
in statistical reporting number 9004.90.0010 or 9004.90.0090 effective January 1, 2021)

(ttt)

(i) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.67, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

8412.21.0045

8481.10.0090

8483.50.9040

8525.60.1010

8607.21.1000

9030.90.4600

Direct acting and spring return pneumatic actuators, each rated at a maximum pressure of 10 bar and valued
over $68 but not over $72 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8412.39.0080)

Centrifugal pumps, submersible, other than for use with machines for making cellulosic pulp, paper or paperboard;
the foregoing pumps rated not over 1.5 KW (described in statistical reporting number 8413.70.2004)

(9)

Breast pumps, whether or not with accessories or batteries (described in statistical reporting number 8413.81.0040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 288
U.S. Notes (con.)

(10) Housings for water pumps of subheading 8413.30.90 (as described in subheading 8413.91.9010)

(11)

(12)

(13)

Pump casings and bodies (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump covers (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump parts, of plastics, each valued not over $3 (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to
January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through
December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January
1, 2020)

(14) Compressors, other than screw type, used in air conditioning equipment in motor vehicles, each valued over $88

but not over $92 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8030)

(15) Rotary compressors, each exceeding 746 W but not exceeding 2,238 W, with a cooling capacity ranging from 2.3

kW to 5.5 kW (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8060)

(16)

Solar water heaters incorporating glass tube heat collectors and including glass tubes and stands with tanks
(described in statistical reporting number 8419.19.0040 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting
number 8419.12.0000 effective January 27, 2022)

(17) Heat exchanger plates, cores, finned tubes, cones, shells, bonnets, flanges and baffles (described in statistical

reporting number 8419.90.3000)

(18)

Thermal roll laminators, each valued not over $450 (described in statistical reporting number 8420.10.9040)

(19) Roller machines designed for cutting, etching or embossing paper, foil or fabric, manually powered (described in

statistical reporting number 8420.10.9080)

(20) Roller machines with dies for embossing paper, manually powered (described in statistical reporting number

8420.10.9080)

(21) Chemically etched dies of steel, steel-rule cutting dies, movable magnetic dies, embossing folders and plastic

embossing diffusers, of a kind used in manually-powered roller machines for etching or stenciling a single sheet
of cardstock, paper, leather, flexible magnet, plastics, metallic foil, vellum, felt or fabric, such sheets measuring
not more than 50.8 cm in width or length (described in statistical reporting number 8420.99.9000)

(22) Cutting pads, platforms, base plates, pads, shims, trays, which function as guides for hand-operated table-top

calendering machines of a width not exceeding 51 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8420.99.9000)

(23)

Filtering or purifying machinery or apparatus of a kind used for waste water treatment (described in statistical
reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(24) Hand-held ultraviolet water purifiers, powered by batteries (described in statistical reporting number 8421.21.0000)

(25) Machinery for filtering water, submersible, powered by batteries, manually operated, such machinery designed
for use in pools, basins, aquariums, spas or similar contained bodies of water (described in statistical reporting
number 8421.21.0000)

(26)

Filters designed to remove sulfites from wine (described in statistical reporting number 8421.22.0000)

(27)

(28)

Air purification equipment, electrically powered, weighing less than 36 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8421.39.8015 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.0115 effective January
27, 2022)

Filter housings, covers, or couplings, the foregoing of steel and comprising parts of machinery or apparatus for
filtering liquids (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040 prior to January 27, 2022; described in
statistical reporting number 8421.99.0140 effective January 27, 2022)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 289

U.S. Notes (con.)

(29)

Parts of swimming pool vacuum cleaners (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040 prior to January
27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0140 effective January 27, 2022)

(30) Ratchet winches designed for use with textile fabric strapping (described in statistical reporting number

8425.39.0100)

(31) Garage door opener/closers (described in statistical reporting number 8428.90.0290 prior to January 27, 2022;

described in statistical reporting number 8428.90.0390 effective January 27, 2022)

(32)

Pile drivers, diesel powered (described in statistical reporting number 8430.10.0000)

(33) Counterweight castings of iron or steel designed for use on fork lift and other works trucks (described in statistical

reporting number 8431.20.0000)

(34)

Tines, carriages, and other goods handling apparatus and parts designed for use on fork lift and other works
trucks (described in statistical reporting number 8431.20.0000)

(35) Welded frames designed to support conveyor rollers (described in statistical reporting number 8431.39.0010)

(36)

Vulcanized rubber tracks, each incorporating cords and cleats of steel, designed for use on construction equipment
(described in statistical reporting number 8431.49.9095)

(37)

Animal feeding machinery (described in statistical reporting number 8436.80.0090)

(38)

Parts of animal feeding machinery (described in statistical reporting number 8436.99.0090)

(39)

Automated data processing storage units (other than magnetic disk drive units), not assembled in cabinets for
placing on a table or similar place, not presented with any other unit of a system (described in statistical reporting
number 8471.70.6000)

(40) Reject doors, pin protectors, liners, front walls, grates, hammers, rotor and end disc caps, and anvil and breaker
bars, of iron or steel, the foregoing parts of metal shredders (described in statistical reporting number 8479.90.9496
prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8479.90.9596 effective January 27, 2022)

(41)

(42)

(43)

Ball type angle cock valve bodies, of cast iron, for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions (described in statistical
reporting number 8481.90.9020)

Valve bodies, of aluminum, of valves for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions (described in statistical reporting
number 8481.90.9020)

Angle cock handle assemblies, of iron and steel, each measuring 11.43 cm by 21.59 cm by 5.08 cm and weighing
0.748 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9040)

(44)

Armatures designed for use in hydraulic solenoid valves (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9040)

(45) C-poles, of steel, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical reporting number

8481.90.9040)

(46) Metering spools, of aluminum, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical

reporting number 8481.90.9040)

(47)

(48)

(49)

Pipe brackets of aluminum, each with 4 ports, the foregoing measuring 27.9 cm x 20.3 cm x 17.8 cm and weighing
11.34 kg, designed for installation into air brake control valves (described in statistical reporting number
8481.90.9040)

Poles, of steel, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical reporting number
8481.90.9040)

Push pins, of steel, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical reporting number
8481.90.9040)

(50) Retainers, of steel, designed for use in hydraulic solenoid control valves (described in statistical reporting number

8481.90.9040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 290
U.S. Notes (con.)

(51) Coupling covers, including center members, flanged hubs, sleeves and shoes (described in statistical reporting

number 8483.90.8010)

(52)

Electric motors, AC, permanent split capacitor type, not exceeding 16 W (described in statistical reporting number
8501.10.4020)

(53) DC electric motors, of an output of less than 18.65 W, other than brushless, measuring less than 38 mm in diameter

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.4060)

(54) DC motors, of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, valued over $2 but not over $30 each

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.2000)

(55) DC motors, electronically commutated, three-phase, eight-pole of a kind used in HVAC systems, of an output of

750 W, valued not over $100 each (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.6000)

(56)

AC motors, multi-phase, of rolled steel frame construction (described in statistical reporting number 8501.51.4040)

(57)

(58)

AC motors, multi-phase, of an output of 186.5 kW or more but not exceeding 373 kW, having a cast iron frame
construction (described in statistical reporting number 8501.53.8040)

AC multi-phase motors, each of an output exceeding 300 kW but not exceeding 310 kW, fitted with pulleys and
brakes to raise and lower passenger elevators (described in statistical reporting number 8501.53.8040)

(59) Regenerative speed drive controllers for controlling speed of electric motors for elevators (described in statistical

reporting number 8504.40.4000)

(60)

Speed drive controllers for electric motors, each such controller measuring 100 mm or more but not over 130 mm
in length, 40 mm or more but not over 125 mm in width and 24 mm or more but not over 85 mm in height (described
in statistical reporting number 8504.40.4000)

(61) Dual layer printed circuit board assemblies, each valued over $30 but not over $35 (described in statistical reporting

number 8504.90.7500)

(62)

Structural components for industrial furnaces (described in statistical reporting number 8514.90.8000)

(63)

Aluminum electrolytic capacitors, each valued not over $3.20 (described in statistical reporting number
8532.22.0085)

(64) Rotary switches, rated at over 5 A, measuring not more than 5.5 cm by 5.0 cm by 3.4 cm, each with 2 to 8 spade
terminals and an actuator shaft with D-shaped cross section (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9025)

(65) Rotary switches, single pole, single throw (SPST), rated at over 5 A, each measuring not more than 14.6 cm by

8.9 cm by 14.1 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9025)

(66) Modular light switches, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, presented in polyethylene terephthalate (PET)
housings, designed for use with a backplate (described in statistical reporting number 8536.50.9065)

(67)

Switches designed for use in motor vehicles, driver or passenger activated (described in statistical reporting
number 8536.50.9065)

(68) Coaxial connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, valued over $0.20 but not over $0.30 each (described

in statistical reporting number 8536.69.4010)

(69)

Butt splice connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued not over $3 (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(70) Ring terminals, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(71)

(72)

Twist-on wire connectors, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each valued not over $0.03 (described in statistical
reporting number 8536.90.4000)

Zinc anodes for use with machines and apparatus for electroplating, electrolysis or electrophoresis (described in
statistical reporting number 8543.30.9080)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 291

U.S. Notes (con.)

(73)

(74)

Stereoscopic microscopes, not provided with a means for photographing the image, valued not over $500 per
unit (described in statistical reporting number 9011.10.8000)

Adapter rings, tubes and extension sleeves, stands and arm assemblies, stages and gliding tables, eyeguards
and focusing racks, all the foregoing designed for use with compound optical microscopes (described in statistical
reporting number 9011.90.0000)

(75) Depth-sounding apparatus, each valued not over $50 (described in statistical reporting number 9014.80.2000)

(76) Weather station sets, each consisting of a monitoring display and outdoor weather sensors, having a transmission
range of not over 140 m and valued not over $50 per set (described in statistical reporting number 9015.80.8080)

(77)

Bismuth germanate crystals with set dimensional and surface finish requirements and used as a detection element
in Positron Emission Tomography (PET) detectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(78)

Parts and accessories of capnography monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(79)

Electrosurgical cautery pencils with electrical connectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(80) Combined positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) scanners which utilize multiple PET

gantries (frames) on a common base (described in statistical reporting number 9022.12.0000)

(81) Radiation therapy systems, each encased by steel-based structural shell with gantry cover comprising three pairs

of plastics-based panels (described in statistical reporting number 9022.14.0000)

(82)

X-ray tables (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.2500)

(83)

X-ray tube housings and parts thereof (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.4000)

(84) Multi-leaf collimators of radiotherapy systems based on the use of X-ray (described in statistical reporting number

9022.90.6000)

(85)

(86)

(87)

(88)

(89)

(ii)

(1)

(2)

(3)

Printed circuit board assemblies, of a kind designed for use in X-ray apparatus (described in statistical reporting
number 9022.90.6000)

Vertical stands specially designed to support, contain or adjust the movement of X-ray digital detectors, or the
X-ray tube and collimator in complete X-ray diagnostic systems (described in statistical reporting number
9022.90.6000)

Inoculator sets of plastics, each consisting of a plate with multiple wells, a display tray, and a lid; when assembled,
the set measuring 105 mm or more but not exceeding 108 mm in width, 138 mm or more but not exceeding 140
mm in depth, and 6.5 mm or less in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 9027.90.5650)

Thermostats designed for air conditioning or heating systems, not designed to connect to the internet, the foregoing
designed for wall mounting (described in statistical reporting number 9032.10.0030)

Battery balancers designed for regulating voltage across batteries, other than for 6, 12 or 24 volt systems (described
in statistical reporting number 9032.89.4000)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326
(September 18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined
that, as provided in heading 9903.88.67, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply
to the following particular products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

Acrylic acid-2-acrylamido-2-methylpropanesulfonic acid-acrylic ester (AA/AMPS/HPA) terpolymers, presented in
dry form (described in statistical reporting number 3906.90.5000)

Electrical tape of polyvinyl chloride, in rolls, measuring not more than 2 cm in width, not more than 20.2 m in
length, and not more than 0.18 mm in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 3919.10.2020)

Transparent tape of plastics with an acrylic emulsion adhesive, in rolls measuring not over 4.8 cm in width, valued
not over $.25 per square meter (described in statistical reporting number 3919.10.2030)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 292
U.S. Notes (con.)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Rolls of polyethylene film coated with a solvent acrylic adhesive (described in statistical reporting number
3919.10.2055)

Polyethylene film, 20.32 to 198.12 cm in width, and 30.5 to 2000.5 m in length, coated on one side with solvent
acrylic adhesive, clear or in transparent colors, whether or not printed, in rolls (described in statistical reporting
number 3919.90.5040 or 3919.90.5060)

Rolls of polyvinyl chloride, measuring 2.5 cm or more but not exceeding 5.1 cm in width and 182.9 m in length
(described in statistical reporting number 3920.43.5000)

Films coated on one or both sides with polyvinylidene chloride (PVdC) or polyvinyl alcohol (PVOH), whether or
not having a primer layer between the base and coating; any of the foregoing having a total thickness greater
than 0.01 mm but not greater than 0.03 mm (described in statistical reporting number 3920.62.0090)

Printed film of polyvinyl chloride, laminated with foamed-polyvinyl chloride-coated polyester scrim, in rolls, of a
kind used for lining shelves or drawers (described in statistical reporting number 3921.12.1100)

Sheets and strips consisting of both cross-linked polyethylene and ethylene vinyl acetate, of a width greater than
1 m but not greater than 1.5 m, and a length greater than 1.75 m but not greater than 2.6 m (described in statistical
reporting number 3921.19.0000)

(10) Gas (natural or liquid propane (LP)) engines each having a displacement of more than 2 liters but not more than

2.5 liters (described in statistical reporting number 8407.90.9010)

(11) Dispensers of hand-cleaning or hand-sanitizing solutions, whether employing a manual pump or a

proximity-detecting battery-operated pump, each article weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(12) Walk behind rotary tillers, electric powered, individually weighing less than 14 kg (described in statistical reporting

number 8432.29.0060)

(13)

(14)

AC motors, of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, each with attached actuators, crankshafts or gears
(described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6020)

Electric motors, with an output of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, with attached cables, designed for
use in adjusting motor vehicle seats (described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6080)

(15) DC electric motors, 12 V, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, with lead wires and electrical

connector, measuring not over 75 mm outside diameter, with a housing not over 100 mm in length and a shaft
not over 60 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(16) DC electric motors, 230 V, with an output not exceeding 140 W, measuring not more than 45 mm in diameter and

not over 100 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(17) DC electric motors, 24 V, with an output not exceeding 515 W, measuring not over 95 mm in outside diameter,
not over 155 mm in length and with a shaft not over 30 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.4000)

(18) DC electric motors, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, containing lead wires and an

electrical connector (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(19) DC motors with a power output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 230 W, measuring less than 105 mm in

diameter and 50 mm or more but not over 100 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(20) DC motors, of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, each valued not over $18 (described in

statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(21) Ground Fault Circuit Interrupters (GFCIs), Appliance Leakage Current Interrupters (ALCIs), Leakage Current

Detection Interrupters (LCDIs), and Arc Fault Circuit Interrupters (AFCIs) (described in statistical reporting number
8536.30.8000)

(22)

Electronic AC passive infrared (PIR) motion sensing switches (described in statistical reporting number
8536.50.7000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 293

U.S. Notes (con.)

(23)

Position or speed sensors for motor vehicle transmission systems, each valued not over $12 (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.4500)

(24) Wheel speed sensors for anti-lock motor vehicle braking systems, each valued not over $12 (described in statistical

reporting number 8543.70.4500)

(25)

Apparatus using passive infrared detection sensors designed for turning lights on and off (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.9960 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9860
effective January 27, 2022)

(26)

Liquid leak detectors (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960 prior to January 27, 2022; described
in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9860 effective January 27, 2022)

(27) Robots, programmable, measuring not more than 40 cm high by 22 cm wide by 27 cm deep, incorporating an

LCD display, camera and microphone but without "hands" (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960
prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9860 effective January 27, 2022)

(28) Monopolar conductors for a voltage exceeding 1,000 V, other than of copper and not fitted with connectors

(described in statistical reporting number 8544.60.6000)

(29)

Follower block plates, designed for use with buffering/cushioning systems of freight railcars of heading 8606
(described in statistical reporting number 8607.30.1000)

(30) Motorcycles (including mopeds), with reciprocating internal combustion piston engine of a cylinder capacity not

exceeding 50 cc, valued not over $500 each (described in statistical reporting number 8711.10.0000)

(31) Motorcycles with electric power for propulsion, each of a power not exceeding 1,000 W (described in statistical

reporting numbers 8711.60.0050 or 8711.60.0090, effective July 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number
8711.60.0000, effective prior to July 1, 2019)

(32) Digital clinical thermometers (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8040 prior to July 1, 2020; described

in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8010 or 9025.19.8020 effective July 1, 2020)

(33) Digital clinical thermometers, valued not over $11 each (described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8040

prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 9025.19.8010 or 9025.19.8020 effective July 1,
2020)

(34)

Portable, wireless enabled, electrical gas monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9027.10.2000)

(iii)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and 20(f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and
provided for in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading
9903.88.04. See 83 Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant
to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading
9903.88.67, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to
the following particular products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

0304.72.5000

0304.83.1015

0304.83.1020

0304.83.5015

0304.83.5020

0304.83.5090

3923.21.0095

3926.20.9050

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 294
U.S. Notes (con.)

(9)

5603.12.0090 prior to July 1, 2022; 5603.12.0070 or 5603.12.0095 effective July 1, 2022

(10)

5603.14.9090

(11)

5603.92.0090 prior to July 1, 2022; 5603.92.0070 or 5603.92.0095 effective July 1, 2022

(12)

5603.93.0090

(13)

6505.00.8015

(14)

8424.90.9080

(15)

8425.31.0100

(16)

8708.50.8500

(17)

8712.00.1510

(18)

8712.00.1520

(19)

8712.00.1550

(20)

(21)

(22)

Alaskan sole (yellowfin, rock or flathead), frozen in blocks, in cases with net weight of more than 4.5 kg (described
in statistical reporting number 0304.83.5015)

King crab meat, frozen in blocks each weighing at least 1 kg but not more than 1.2 kg, in airtight containers
(described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2010)

Snow crab meat (C. opilio), frozen in blocks, in airtight containers each with net weight of not more than 1.2 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2022)

(23) Dungeness crab meat, frozen in blocks, in airtight containers with net weight of not more than 1.2 kg (described

in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2030)

(24) Crab meat (other than King crab, Snow crab, Dungeness or swimming crabs), frozen in blocks, in airtight containers

with net weight of not more than 1.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2090)

(25)

Sodium adipate (1,4-butanedicarboxylic acid, disodium salt) (IUPAC name: disodium hexanedioate) (CAS No.
7486-38-6) (described in statistical reporting number 2917.12.5000)

(26)

1-Cyanoguanidine (Dicyandiamide) (CAS No. 461-58-5) (described in statistical reporting number 2926.20.0000)

(27) N-(n-Butyl)thiophosphoric triamide (IUPAC name: N-Diaminophosphinothioylbutan-1-amine) (CAS No. 94317-64-3)
(described in statistical reporting number 2929.90.5090 prior to January 1, 2024; described in statistical reporting
number 2929.90.5095 effective January 1, 2024)

(28)

Artificial graphite, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 3801.10.5000)

(29)

Artificial graphite, in powder or flake form, for manufacturing into the lithium-ion anode component of batteries
(described in statistical reporting number 3801.10.5000)

(30) Natural graphite, in powder form (described in statistical reporting number 3801.90.0000)

(31) Herbicide consisting of 1,1'-dimethyl-4,4'-bipyridinium dichloride (CAS No. 1910-42-5) (Paraquat concentrate in
liquid form) up to 45 percent concentration with application adjuvants (described in statistical reporting number
3808.93.1500)

(32)

(33)

Supported nickel-based catalysts, of a kind used for methanation, desulfurization, hydrogenation, pre-reforming
or reforming of organic chemicals or for protection of hydrotreating catalysts from arsine poisoning (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.11.0000)

Plate-type supported catalysts (reaction accelerators) for reduction of nitrous oxides (NOx) with enhanced mercury
oxidation, with oxides of base metals being the active substances, applied to a stainless steel mesh (described
in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 295

U.S. Notes (con.)

(34)

Plate-type supported catalysts (reaction accelerators) for reduction of nitrous oxides (NOx), with base metals
being the active substances, applied on a titanium dioxide based ceramic material to a stainless steel mesh
(described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(35)

Supported catalysts for polymerization (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(36)

(37)

(38)

(39)

(40)

Supported catalysts of copper oxide or zinc oxide as the active ingredients for arsine removal (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with copper carbonate or zinc carbonate as the active ingredients for low temperature
desulfurization (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with metal sulfide as the active substance for mercury removal (described in statistical reporting
number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with molybdenum compounds as the active substance for hydrogenation (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with zinc oxide absorbent as the active substance (described in statistical reporting number
3815.19.0000)

(41) Mixtures containing N,Ndimethyldodecan-1-amine (CAS No. 112-18-5) and N,N-dimethyltetradecan-1-amine

(CAS No. 112-75-4) (described in statistical reporting number 3824.99.9297 prior to January 27, 2022; described
in 3824.99.9397 effective January 27, 2022)

(42) Mixtures of hydrofluorocarbons, containing 40 to 44 percent by weight of 1,1,1,2-tetrafluoroethane (CAS No.

811-97-2), 56 to 60 percent by weight of pentafluoroethane (CAS No. 354-33-6) and up to 2 percent by weight of
lubricating oil (described in statistical reporting number 3824.78.0020 prior to January 27, 2022; described in
statistical reporting number 3827.62.0000 effective January 27, 2022)

(43) Refrigerant gas R-421B, comprising mixtures containing at least 83 percent but not more than 87 percent by

weight of pentafluoroethane, at least 13 percent but not more than 17 percent by weight of 1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethane,
and at least 0.5 percent but not more than 2 percent by weight of lubricant (described in statistical reporting number
3824.78.0020 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 3827.62.0000 effective January
27, 2022)

(44)

Injection molded polypropylene plastic caps or lids each weighing not over 24 grams designed for dispensing wet
wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

(45) One-piece stoppers, of polypropiolactone ("PPL") or polylactic acid ("PLA") polymers, each comprising a disc-shaped

top attached to a rounded, tapered plug with a protruding stirrer, measuring at least 55 mm but not more than
120.7 mm in overall length, and weighing at least 0.6 g but not more than 1.1 g each, of a kind used with lids for
beverage containers (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

(46)

Endless synchronous belts of vulcanized rubber, molded polyurethane, neoprene, or welded urethane, each of
an outside circumference of 60 cm or more but not more than 77 cm and a width of 2.5 cm or more but not
exceeding 4 cm, weighing 0.18 kg or more but not exceeding 0.45 kg (described in statistical reporting number
4010.35.9000)

(47) Messenger bags of polyester, each measuring not more than 50 cm by 38 cm by 11 cm, weighing not more than

2.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 4202.12.8130)

(48)

(49)

Backpacks with hydration system, each measuring not more than 51 cm by 28 cm by 9 cm, weighing not more
than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.0400)

Backpacks with outer surface of textile materials of man-made fibers, each measuring at least 35 cm but not more
than 75 cm in height, at least 19 cm but not more than 34 cm in width, and at least 5 cm but not more than 26 cm
in depth (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3120)

(50) Duffel bags made predominantly of man-made fibers, weighing not more than 7 kg, with wheels (described in

statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

(51) Duffel bags of polyester, weighing not more than 7 kg (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3131)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 296
U.S. Notes (con.)

(52) Covers, of leather, designed for use with telecommunication devices (described in statistical reporting number

4205.00.8000)

(53)

Plates, bowls or cups of molded or pressed bamboo pulp, each weighing at least 3 g but not more than 92 g
(described in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0020)

(54) Clamshell containers, pizza pans, lids, compartmentalized and other trays of molded or pressed bamboo pulp,

each weighing at least 3 g but not more than 95 g (described in statistical reporting number 4823.70.0040)

(55)

(56)

Silk fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or of silk waste other than noil silk, the foregoing not
printed, not jacquard woven, measuring over 127 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number
5007.20.0065)

Silk fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or of silk waste other than noil silk, the foregoing not
printed, not jacquard woven, measuring 107 cm or more but not over 127 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 5007.20.0085)

(57)

Yarn of cashmere or camel hair, carded but not combed, not put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting
number 5108.10.8000)

(58) Woven dyed fabrics of 100 percent textured polyester filament yarn, measuring 332.7 cm in width, weighing more

than 170 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number 5407.52.2060)

(59) Woven fabric of 100 percent textured polyester filaments, dyed, weighing more than 170 g/m², measuring not

more than 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.52.2060)

(60) Woven fabric of synthetic filament yarn containing 85 percent or more by weight of textured polyester filaments,
dyed, measuring 249 cm in width, weighing more than 170 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number
5407.52.2060)

(61) Woven dupioni fabric wholly of non-textured dyed polyester filaments, weighing not more than 170 g/m², measuring

not more than 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.61.9930)

(62) Woven fabric wholly of polyester, dyed, not flat, containing non-textured polyester filaments, weighing not more

than 170 g/m², measuring not over 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.61.9930)

(63) Woven fabric wholly of polyester, dyed, containing non-textured polyester filaments, weighing more than 170

g/m², measuring not over 310 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5407.61.9935)

(64) Woven fabric containing by weight 47 percent of nylon and 53 percent of polyester, dyed, containing textured
filaments, weighing not more than 170 g/m², measuring greater than 274 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 5407.72.0015)

(65)

(66)

Polyester filament tow, measuring more than 50 ktex but not more than 275 ktex (described in statistical reporting
number 5501.20.0000)

Polypropylene fiber tow, measuring more than 50 ktex but not more than 275 ktex (described in statistical reporting
number 5501.40.0000)

(67) Woven dyed fabrics wholly of spun polyester, weighing more than 240 g/m² and measuring not more than 310

cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5512.19.0090)

(68) Non-woven fabrics of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), in sheets measuring not more than 160 cm by 250 cm,
weighing more than 1,800 g/m² but not more than 3,000 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number
5603.94.9090)

(69) Rugs of hand-knotted pile, of nylon and polypropylene, measuring at least 1.2 m2 (described in statistical reporting

number 5701.90.1010)

(70) Woven dyed embroidery fabrics containing by weight 55 percent of polyester and 45 percent of nylon, weighing

less than 115 g/m² and measuring 289 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 5810.92.9080)

(71)

Long pile knit fabrics, of acrylic pile on polyester ground, valued not over $16 per m2 (described in statistical
reporting number 6001.10.2000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 297

U.S. Notes (con.)

(72)

(73)

(74)

Knitted or crocheted fabrics of artificial staple fibers derived from bamboo (described in statistical reporting number
6003.40.6000)

Sandstone known as brown wave, of a kind used in outdoor living spaces, containing one textured side and up
to four chiseled edges with a density of 2,750 kg/m3 (described in statistical reporting number 6802.99.0060 prior
to July 1, 2023; described in statistical reporting number 6802.99.0090 effective July 1, 2023)

Sandstone with a flamed finish on one side and a length of 200 mm or more but not over 3,100 mm, a width of
100 mm or more but not over 1,380 mm and a thickness of 30 mm or more but not over 180 mm (described in
statistical reporting number 6802.99.0060 prior to July 1, 2023; described in statistical reporting number
6802.99.0090 effective July 1, 2023)

(75) Grinding beads of yttria-stabilized zirconia (described in statistical reporting number 6909.11.2000)

(76)

(77)

Screen protectors of tempered safety glass, transparent, cut, and treated, with adhesive on one side, in rectangular
sheets, each weighing at least 6 g but not more than 77 g, each measuring not less than 2.8 cm but not more
than 28 cm in height, not less than 1.9 cm but not more than 21 cm in width, and not more than 0.1 cm in thickness
(described in statistical reporting number 7007.19.0000)

Sheets of tempered safety glass, coated with silicone oxide, having a surface area of less than 2.5 m2, designed
to be placed over solar cell panels for protection from external damage (described in statistical reporting number
7007.19.0000)

(78) Rear-view mirrors of convex glass for motor vehicles, each measuring not less than 1.75 mm and not more than

2.4 mm in thickness, not less than 125 mm and not more than 210 mm in length, not less than 97 mm and not
more than 180 mm in width, weighing not less than 74 g and not more than 188 g (described in statistical reporting
number 7009.10.0000)

(79) Rear-view mirrors of flat glass for motor vehicles, each measuring not less than 1.75 mm but not more than 2.4
mm in thickness, not less than 163 mm but not more than 210 mm in length, not less than 107 mm but not more
than 167 mm in width and weighing not less than 80 g but not more than 188 g (described in statistical reporting
number 7009.10.0000)

(80)

(81)

Tiles of non-recycled glass on a vinyl mesh backing, in a grid pattern of not less than 304 mm by 304 mm and
not exceeding 305 mm by 305 mm, for mosaics or other decorative or construction purposes (described in statistical
reporting number 7016.10.0000)

Equipment for scaffolding, comprising powder coated or galvanized welded tubular steel frames, braces, guard
rail systems, components and accessories, the foregoing for assembly into frame and brace configurations
measuring at least 10 cm but not more than 3.3 m in height and at least 4 cm but not more than 8.8 m in width,
weighing not more than 91 kg, with a load capacity not more than 2,750 kg (described in statistical reporting
number 7308.40.0000)

(82)

Portable outdoor cooker kits, consisting of at least a burner and stand made from steel and/or cast iron, with an
adjustable pressure regulator/hose combination for connecting the burner to a source of natural gas or a portable
container of liquefied propane (described in statistical reporting number 7321.11.1060)

(83) Grills composed of steel wire, each measuring 49 cm by 47 cm (19.25 inches by 18.5 inches), weighing 0.36 kg
(0.80 lbs.), designed as cooking surface of barbecue grill (described in statistical reporting number 7321.90.6090)

(84) Cable hooks of steel, each weighing not less than 0.2 kg, measuring not less than 9 cm in length, not less than
5 cm in width and not less than 1 cm in height with spring loaded closure gate (described in statistical reporting
number 7326.90.8688)

(85) Nickel hydroxy carbonate (CAS No. 12607-70-4) (described in statistical reporting number 7501.20.0000)

(86) Mounting boards of aluminum for guitar sound modifying ("effect") devices, each consisting of an aluminum frame
with above ground slots for the placement of devices and floor level slots for the on/off foot-operated pedal switches
which control the modifying devices (described in statistical reporting number 7616.99.5190)

(87)

Kitchen and table implements of iron or steel, non-electric, including but not limited to peelers, graters and whisks
(described in statistical reporting number 8205.51.3030)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 298
U.S. Notes (con.)

(88)

Automotive polishing attachments specially designed for use with a hand-held drill, each attachment including a
9.5 mm steel drive shaft, internal gear assembly, transverse hand brace and rotating disk components (described
in statistical reporting number 8207.90.7585)

(89)

Bolt-on tips of carbon alloy steel of a kind used in tub or horizontal grinders (described in statistical reporting
number 8207.90.7585)

(90)

Flat panel display mounting adapters of base metal (described in statistical reporting number 8302.50.0000)

(91)

Stamped and formed brackets of steel (described in statistical reporting number 8302.50.0000)

(92) Gun safes with digital keypads, of base metal, each weighing at least 148 kg but not more than 422 kg, measuring
at least 141 cm but not more than 183 cm in height, at least 55 cm but not more than 107 cm in width and at least
40 cm but not more than 71 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 8303.00.0000)

(93)

Parts suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines of heading 8407
for marine propulsion (other than cast-iron parts, not advanced beyond cleaning, and machined only for the
removal of fins, gates, sprues and risers or to permit location in finishing machinery or connecting rods) (described
in statistical reporting number 8409.91.9290)

(94) Hydraulic valve lifters of steel with rollers, suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion
piston engines (other than for aircraft engines, marine propulsion engines or for vehicles of subheading 8701.20,
or headings 8702, 8703 or 8704), each measuring 5 cm or more but not over 13 cm in length and 2.5 cm or more
but not over 3.9 cm in diameter and weighing 135 g or more but not over 410 g (described in statistical reporting
number 8409.91.9990)

(95)

Solid valve lifters of steel, suitable for use solely or principally with spark-ignition internal combustion piston engines
(other than for aircraft engines, marine propulsion engines or for vehicles of subheading 8701.20, or headings
8702, 8703 or 8704), each measuring 19 mm or more but not over 114 mm in length and 6 mm or more but not
over 26 mm in diameter and weighing 20 g or more but not over 250 g (described in statistical reporting number
8409.91.9990)

(96) Wind turbine hubs (described in statistical reporting number 8412.90.9081)

(97) Cooling medium pumps for internal combustion piston engines of the motor vehicles of headings 8703 or 8704

(described in statistical reporting number 8413.30.9090)

(98)

Vacuum pumps, each composed of a cast aluminum body and an unalloyed steel cover, measuring not more
than 85 mm in length, not more than 75 mm in width and not more than 96 mm in height, with a pump volume not
more than 200 cc, for use in automotive braking systems (described in statistical reporting number 8414.10.0000)

(99) Hand- or foot-operated air pumps, each weighing 400 g or more but not over 3 kg, with a maximum pressure of
1.52 MPa, imported with adapters for valves for tires and inner tubes (described in statistical reporting number
8414.20.0000)

(100) DC blowers for use in motor vehicle climate control systems, each measuring no less than 323 mm by 122 mm
by 102 mm and no more than 357 mm by 214 mm by 167 mm (described in statistical reporting number
8414.59.6540)

(101) DC centrifugal radial blowers, each measuring not less than 345 mm by 122 mm by 102 mm and not more than
355 mm by 173 mm by 145 mm, of an output of 100 W to 285 W, and weighing at least 1.80 kg but no more than
2.72 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6560)

(102) Electric display cases incorporating refrigerating equipment designed for commercial use, each with a glass front

to display the food or drink being stored (described in statistical reporting number 8418.50.0080)

(103) Upright coolers incorporating refrigerating equipment, each measuring not more than 77 cm in width, not more
than 78 cm in depth and not more than 200 cm in height, weighing not more than 127 kg, with one swing-type
transparent glass door (described in statistical reporting number 8418.50.0080)

(104) Compact portable shipping scales, of stainless steel, with a maximum weighing capacity of not more than 16 kg,
with a digital display, weight below hook, and handles, measuring not less than 19 cm in width, not less than 21
cm in depth, not less than 3 cm in height but not more than 52 cm in width, not more than 41 cm in depth, not
more than 13 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8423.81.0040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 299

U.S. Notes (con.)

(105) Screw jacks and scissor jacks, each comprising a base, two lift arms and adjustable wheel pads, weighing at least
22 kg but not more than 42 kg, with a weight limit of not more than 342 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8425.49.0000)

(106) Sewing machines, not of the household type, not specially designed to join footwear soles to uppers; each such
machine weighing 45 kg or more but not over 140 kg, suitable for sewing leather (described in statistical reporting
number 8452.29.9000)

(107) Trackpad input units for automatic data processing (ADP) machines, each valued over $100 (described in statistical

reporting number 8471.60.9050)

(108) Printed circuit assemblies for rendering images onto computer screens (“graphics processing modules”) (described

in statistical reporting number 8473.30.1180)

(109) Printed circuit assemblies to enhance the graphics performance of automatic data processing (ADP) machines

("accelerator modules") (described in statistical reporting number 8473.30.1180)

(110) Printed circuit assemblies, constituting unfinished logic boards (described in statistical reporting number

8473.30.1180)

(111) Parts and accessories of machines of heading 8471, whether or not incorporating fan hubs or LEDs but not
incorporating other goods of heading 8541 or 8542 (described in statistical reporting number 8473.30.5100)

(112) Ratchet tie down straps, each consisting of straps of textiles measuring not less than 25 mm and not more than
105 mm in width and not more than 12.5 m in length, steel hooks at opposite ends of the straps and a gear and
pawl mechanism for adjusting the length of the whole (described in statistical reporting number 8479.89.9499
prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8479.89.9599 effective January 27, 2022)

(113) Hand-operated valves of plastics, each comprising a bottle lid, drinking spout and flavor dispensing valve (described

in statistical reporting number 8481.80.5090)

(114) Single phase AC electric motors (other than gear motors), of an output of 56 W or more but not exceeding 69 W,

each measuring no more than 9 cm in length and no more than 11.5 cm in diameter, weighing no more than 2
kg, in a housing of base metals, with a switch (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.2040)

(115) Electric gear motors, single phase AC, of an output of 74.6 W or more but not exceeding 228 W, each with a

spring, a coupling, and a locking connector, the assembly measuring not more than 30 cm in length, not more
than 11 cm in width, not more than 16 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4020)

(116) AC motors, single phase, each of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 335 W, measuring not more
than 13 cm in diameter and not more than 13 cm in height and with a shaft measuring not more than 39 cm in
length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4040)

(117) Single-phase AC electric motors incorporating permanent split capacitors, each of an output range of 367 W or
more but not exceeding 565 W, operating at not less than 115 V of alternating current (VAC) but not more than
230 VAC, capable of operating while submerged in water, each weighing at least 7 kg but not more than 11 kg,
measuring not more than 10 cm in diameter and at least 22 cm but not exceeding 34 cm in length (described in
statistical reporting number 8501.40.4040)

(118) Single-phase AC electric motors, other than gear motors, whether or not incorporating permanent split capacitors,
each of an output range of 746 W or more but not exceeding 1.13 kW, operating at not less than 115 V of alternating
current (VAC) but not more than 250 VAC, capable of operating while submerged in water, each weighing at least
9 kg but not more than 12.5 kg, measuring not more than 10 cm in diameter and at least 25 cm but not exceeding
36 cm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.6040)

(119) Power supplies for cable networks, that convert 120 V/60 Hz AC input to either 63 V AC or 87 V AC output, each
measuring not more than 200 mm by 425 mm by 270 mm and weighing not more than 27.5 kg, containing printed
circuit board assemblies, a transformer, and an oil filled capacitor (described in statistical reporting number
8504.40.8500)

(120) Static converters of a kind used to charge telecommunication apparatus in cars or homes, valued not over $2

each (described in statistical reporting number 8504.40.8500)

(121) Power adapters for a weather sensor or weather station display (described in statistical reporting number

8504.40.9580)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 300
U.S. Notes (con.)

(122) Robotic vacuum cleaners designed for residential use, each with a self-contained electric motor of a power not
exceeding 50 W and dust bag/receptacle capacity not exceeding 1 L, whether or not shipped with accessories
(described in statistical reporting number 8508.11.0000)

(123) Vacuum cleaners, bagless, upright, each with self-contained electric motor of a power not exceeding 1,500 W

and having a dust receptacle capacity not exceeding 1 liter (described in statistical reporting number 8508.11.0000)

(124) Starter motors for internal combustion gasoline engines designed for use in the lawn, automotive, watercraft,
motorcycle, industrial and garden industries (described in statistical reporting number 8511.40.0000)

(125) Projectors ("trumpets") of plastics for air horns (described in statistical reporting number 8512.90.2000)

(126) Fan-forced portable electric heaters, each with a ceramic heating element (described in statistical reporting number

8516.29.0030)

(127) Fan-forced, portable electric space heaters, each having a power consumption of not more than 1.5 kW and

weighing more than 1.5 kg but not more than 17 kg, whether or not incorporating a humidifier or air filter (described
in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0030)

(128) Electric fireplace inserts and free-standing electric fireplace heaters, rated at 5,000 British thermal units (BTUs)

(described in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0090)

(129) Electric fireplaces, weighing not more than 55 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0090)

(130) Portable countertop air fryers of a kind used for domestic purposes (described in statistical reporting number

8516.60.4070)

(131) Tubular electric heating resistors (described in statistical reporting number 8516.80.8000)

(132) Closed-loop, digital, video security systems, each consisting of one 4-, 8- or 16-channel digital video recorder

(DVR) that connects via cables to at least 2 but no more than 16 color television cameras in housings of plastics,
cables and power adapters, put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010 prior to
January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8525.83.0000 or 8525.89.3000 effective January 27,
2022)

(133) Color video cameras for use with microscopes, each camera with C-mount lens mount, weighing not more than
87 g, measuring not more than 109 mm in length and 31 mm in diameter, presented with a cable measuring not
more than 1.5 m in length (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010 prior to January 27, 2022;
described in statistical reporting number 8525.81.0000, 8525.82.0000, or 8525.89.3000 effective January 27,
2022)

(134) Digital color video cameras for use with microscopes, each camera with 10 megapixel resolution, weighing not

more than 175 g, measuring 63 mm by 37 mm in length, presented with USB cable, reduction lens, eyepiece
adapters, software CD and calibration slide (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010 prior to January
27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8525.81.0000, 8525.82.0000, or 8525.89.3000 effective January
27, 2022)

(135) Digital color video cameras for use with microscopes, each camera with autofocus, C-mount lens mount, 1080p
resolution, weighing not more than 450 g, measuring not more than 67 mm by 67 mm by 81 mm, presented with
AC power adapter and power cable (described in statistical reporting number 8525.80.3010 prior to January 27,
2022; described in statistical reporting number 8525.81.0000, 8525.82.0000, or 8525.89.3000 effective January
27, 2022)

(136) Printed circuit boards, each with a base wholly of plastics impregnated glass, not flexible, with 4 layers of copper

(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0020)

(137) Printed circuit boards, with a base of glass reinforced epoxy laminate material that is compliant with NEMA grade
FR-4 fire resistance, not flexible, with 10 layers, designed for use in a flow meter, and measuring not more than
6.35 cm by 6.35 cm by 0.1575 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0020)

(138) Printed circuit boards, each with a base wholly of plastics impregnated glass, not flexible, with 2 layers of copper

(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0040)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 301

U.S. Notes (con.)

(139) Gas ignition safety controls, measuring 3.8 to 5.3 cm in height, 6.4 to 10.1 cm in width and 13.2 to 13.9 cm in

depth; weighing 160 g to 380 g each; and valued not over $26 each; of a kind used in patio heaters, agricultural
heaters or clothes dryers (described in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

(140) Digital sound processing apparatus capable of connecting to a wired or wireless network for the mixing of sound,
each capable of mixing 16, 24, 32 or 64 channel, each measuring not more than 17 cm in height, not more than
60 cm in depth, and not more than 83 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9100)

(141)

Insulated electric conductors for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, fitted with connectors of a kind used for
telecommunications, each valued over $0.35 but not over $2 (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.2000)

(142) Extension cords of copper wire with polyvinyl chloride (PVC) sheaths, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each

measuring at least 9 m but not longer than 16 m in length, with National Electrical Manufacturers Association
(NEMA) type 5-15P plug on one end and NEMA type 5-15R receptacle on the other (described in statistical
reporting number 8544.42.9010)

(143) Extension cords of copper wire with polyvinyl chloride (PVC) sheaths, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each

measuring at least 4 m but not longer than 16 m in length, with National Electrical Manufacturers Association
(NEMA) type TT-30P plug on one end and NEMA type TT-30R receptacle on the other or NEMA type 14-50P
plug on one end and NEMA type 14-50R receptacle on the other, with handles on each end in the shape of loops
(described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(144)

Insulated conductors, not of a kind used for telecommunications, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each with
polyvinyl chloride (PVC) covers and connectors at each end in bundles of 3, 5 or 6 for use in connecting patients
to monitoring devices (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

(145) Junction box assemblies, of a kind used in solar panels, incorporating three bypass diodes and two insulated

cables fitted with connectors, for a voltage not more than 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number
8544.42.9090)

(146) Electrical insulators ("wire nuts") of plastics and steel (described in statistical reporting number 8546.90.0000)

(147) Tire carrier attachments, roof racks, fender liners, side protective attachments, the foregoing of steel (described
in statistical reporting number 8708.29.5060 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number
8708.29.5160 effective January 27, 2022)

(148) Guide pins and guide bolts designed for use in brakes and servo-brakes of subheading 8708.30 (described in

statistical reporting number 8708.30.5090)

(149) Flange forgings of Society of Automotive Engineers (“SAE”) 1035 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.40.7570)

(150) Hub forgings of Society of Automotive Engineers (“SAE”) 1035 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.40.7570)

(151) Park gear blanks of Society of Automotive Engineers (“SAE”) 1520 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting

number 8708.40.7570)

(152) Stator shafts of Stahlwerk Annahutte ZF34C grade carbon steel (described in statistical reporting number

8708.40.7570)

(153) Front output shafts of Society of Automotive Engineers ("SAE") 1045 carbon steel suitable for use in automatic

transmission systems for passenger motor vehicles (described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.6890)

(154) Hitches receivers of steel, not suitable for towing applications, each receiver to be clamped onto the rear bumper
of a recreational vehicle, such bumpers being square in section and measuring not more than 102 mm on a side
(described in statistical reporting number 8708.99.8180)

(155) Bicycles, not motorized, each having aluminum- or magnesium- alloy wheels both measuring more than 69 cm

but not more than 71 cm in diameter, tires of cross-sectional diameter of 3.5 cm, aluminum frame, a
polyurethane/carbon fiber cord drive belt, 3-, 7- or 12-speed rear hub and twist shifter (described in statistical
reporting number 8712.00.2500)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 302
U.S. Notes (con.)

(156) Single-speed bicycles having both wheels exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, weighing less than 16.3 kg without

accessories and not designed for use with tires having a cross-sectional diameter exceeding 4.13 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 8712.00.2500)

(157) Bicycles, not motorized, having both wheels exceeding 63.5 cm in diameter, each having no more than three

speeds and a coaster brake (described in statistical reporting number 8712.00.3500)

(158) Bicycle frames, of carbon fiber, valued not over $600 each (described in statistical reporting number 8714.91.3000)

(159) Wheeled trailers suitable for towing behind an adult bicycle, each comprising a frame of aluminum with a hitch

mechanism, weighing not more than 17.5 kg, with a capacity of not more than 46 kg, with those trailers designated
for carrying children meeting ASTM International standard F1975 (described in statistical reporting number
8716.40.0000)

(160) Casters, with diameter (including, where appropriate, tires) of 20 cm or more but not over 23 cm (described in

statistical reporting number 8716.90.3000)

(161) Compound binocular optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for

photomicrography, cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding
1,000X, weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(162) Compound optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for photomicrography,
cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding 400X, weighing
not more than 15 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(163) Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, each consisting of a wind vane made of
plastics and base metal weighing no more than 25 g (described in statistical reporting number 9015.90.0190)

(164) Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, each consisting of an assembly comprising

3 rotating wind cups, bearings, an internal aspirating fan and one or more solar panels (described in statistical
reporting number 9015.90.0190)

(165) Parts and accessories of meteorological instruments and appliances, each consisting of an assembly made of

plastic and metal comprising 3 wind cups weighing no more than 35 g (described in statistical reporting number
9015.90.0190)

(166) Metal casings for, and metal parts of, thermometers of subheading 9025.11.40 designed for use in heating,

ventilation and air conditioning (“HVAC”) equipment (described in statistical reporting number 9025.90.0600)

(167) Hand-held card counters, each consisting of a plastic case containing a circuit board, rechargeable battery and

controls, weighing less than 1 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9029.10.8000)

(168) 60-minute mechanical count-down kitchen timers (described in statistical reporting number 9106.90.8500)

(169) Upholstered seats with wooden frames other than chairs, not of cane, osier, bamboo or similar materials, each
measuring at least 144 cm but no more than 214 cm in width, at least 81 cm but no more than 89 cm in height
and at least 81 cm but not more than 163 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 9401.61.6011)

(170) Stackable upholstered metal chairs for religious worship settings, capable of interlocking with each other, each

with attached holders and racks (described in statistical reporting number 9401.71.0031)

(171) Unassembled upholstered chairs with metal frames, other than household chairs, with seats and backs having a
shell of plastics or wood and measuring at least 48 cm but not more than 61 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 9401.71.0031)

(172) Hunting stands of steel or aluminum (including ladder stands, pod stands, hang-on stands and climbing stands),
each of which allows one or more hunters to ascend to a height and sit while waiting for game animals to appear
(described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0035)

(173) Unassembled non-upholstered chairs with metal frames (other than household chairs) with seats and backs having
a shell of plastics or wood and measuring at least 48 cm but not more than 61 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 9401.79.0050)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 303

U.S. Notes (con.)

(174) Parts of chairs of unfinished plywood, including bodies, legs and arms (described in statistical reporting number
9401.90.4080 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 9401.91.9090 effective January
27, 2022)

(175) Bench frames of cast aluminum, each measuring at least 42 cm but not more than 79 cm in height, and at least
52 cm but not more than 62 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.5081 prior to January
27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 9401.99.9081 effective January 27, 2022)

(176) Chair frames of metal, each with integral bookshelf, capable of being stacked (described in statistical reporting

number 9401.90.5081 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 9401.99.9081 effective
January 27, 2022)

(177) Foot assemblies of base metal and rubber, designed for folding chairs (described in statistical reporting number
9401.90.5081 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 9401.99.9081 effective January
27, 2022)

(178) Household furniture of metal and high-pressure laminated bamboo (other than ironing boards, furniture for infants

or children or bed frames) (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0050)

(179) Adjustable wire shelving units of steel, other than for household use, comprising vertical poles, foot caps or casters,
clips and shelves, each when fully assembled measuring at least 35 cm or more but not more than 183 m in width,
at least 35 cm but not more than 77 cm in depth, and at least 137 cm but not more than 183 cm in height (described
in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0081 prior to July 1, 2022; described in statistical reporting number
9403.20.0082 effective July 1, 2022)

(180) Display racks of powder coated steel, whether or not on casters, whether or not with LED lighting, each measuring
at least 60 cm but not more than 125 cm in length, at least 60 cm but not more than 125 cm in width and at least
130 cm but not more than 225 cm in height, with slanted shelves with a lip at the front edge of each that measures
3 cm or more in height (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0080 prior to July 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 9403.20.0081 effective July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2022; described in statistical
reporting number 9403.20.0082 effective July 1, 2022)

(180) Foldable tables with frames of steel and/or aluminum, each measuring 25 cm or more but not over 156 cm in

length, 30 cm or more but not over 80 cm in width and 37 cm or more but not over 113 cm in height, with a tabletop
surface of aluminum (described in statistical reporting number 9403.20.0090)

(182) Household furniture of high-pressure laminated bamboo, other than babies' or children's furniture (described in

statistical reporting number 9403.82.0015)

(183) Baby crib liners, each composed of two pieces of multi-layer warp polyester knit mesh without any padding, one
measuring no more than 29 cm by 283 cm and the other measuring no more than 29 cm by 210 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 9403.90.6005 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number
9403.99.5005 effective January 27, 2022)

(184) Flameless pillar candles with LED lamps powered by batteries, each measuring at least 7.6 cm but not more than

20 cm in diameter and having a wax exterior (described in statistical reporting number 9405.40.8440 prior to
January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 9405.42.8440 effective January 27, 2022)

(185) Flexible strips, each having embedded light-emitting diodes electrically connected to a molded electrical end

connector, each strip wound onto a reel measuring not more than 25 cm in diameter and not more than 1.5 cm
in width (described in statistical reporting number 9405.40.8440 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical
reporting number 9405.42.8440 effective January 27, 2022)

(186) Garden, patio and table top wick burning torches for outdoor use (described in statistical reporting number

9405.50.4000)

(187) Lamp shades of fabric over metal frame (described in statistical reporting number 9405.99.4090)

(iv)

The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August
30, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the
product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.67,
the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products, which
are provided for in the following enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

XXII
99 - III - 304
U.S. Notes (con.)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

0505.10.0050

0505.10.0055

3401.19.0000

3926.90.9910

5210.11.4040

5210.11.6020

5504.10.0000

6506.10.6030

Sodium alginate resins (CAS No. 9005-38-3) (described in statistical reporting number 3913.10.0000)

Shower heads of plastics, designed to be fixed, hand-held, height-adjustable or combinations thereof, and parts
of such shower heads (described in statistical reporting number 3924.90.5650)

Bowls of molded plastics, with clips for retaining guide wires during surgical procedures (described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985
effective July 1, 2020)

(12) Disposable graduated medicine dispensing cups of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990

prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(13)

(14)

(15)

Sets of three polyvinyl chloride-coated foam pads, of plastics, of a kind used to assemble flotation work vests by
passing adjustable straps with buckles through slots in the pads, each set comprising two irregularly shaped
front/side pads and one rectangular back pad (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to
July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use sterile drapes and covers of plastics, of a kind used to protect the sterile field in surgical operating
rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Sterile decanters of polystyrene plastics, each of a kind used to transfer aseptic fluids or medication to and from
sterile bags, vials or glass containers (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(16) Wallpaper, other than described in subheading 4814.20.00, with floral, landscape, figure or abstract designs or

solid backgrounds painted by hand, whether or not with applications of metal leaf (described in statistical reporting
number 4814.90.0200)

(17) Women's knit robes in chief weight of cotton, with hook and loop tab closure (described in statistical reporting

number 6108.91.0030)

(18)

(19)

(20)

(21)

(22)

Babies' gowns of cotton knitted interlock fabric, each with sleeves, neck opening and elasticized bottom opening
(described in statistical reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' sleep sacks of cotton interlock knitted fabric, sleeveless, each with neck opening and two-way zipper
(described in statistical reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' sleep sacks, knitted, of cotton, each with neck opening and two-way zipper (described in statistical reporting
number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' swaddle sacks of cotton knitted interlock fabric, each with sleeves and mitten cuffs (described in statistical
reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' blanket sleepers of polyester knitted fleece, sleeveless, each with two-way zipper (described in statistical
reporting number 6111.30.5015)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 305

U.S. Notes (con.)

(23) Men's and boys' cotton terry bathrobes with muslin trim, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described

in statistical reporting number 6207.91.1000)

(24) Girls' cotton terry bathrobes with muslin trim, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described in statistical

reporting number 6208.91.1020)

(25) Girls' fleece bathrobes, each beltless but featuring a hook-and-loop tab (described in statistical reporting number

6208.92.0020)

(26)

(27)

Blankets (other than electric blankets) of cotton, woven, each measuring at least 116 cm but not more than 118
cm on an edge (described in statistical reporting number 6301.30.0010)

Blankets (other than electric blankets) of cotton, other than woven, each measuring at least 116 cm but not more
than 118 cm on an edge (described in statistical reporting number 6301.30.0020)

(28) Dust covers of knitted polyester fabric, designed for bed mattresses and pillows (described in statistical reporting

number 6302.10.0020)

(29) Crib sheets of muslin cotton, fitted with elastic (described in statistical reporting number 6302.31.9020)

(30)

(31)

(32)

(33)

(34)

(35)

Protective covers of cotton for pillows, not knitted or crocheted, of cotton, not napped or printed, each with full
encasement construction and zipper opening (described in statistical reporting number 6302.31.9040)

Laparotomy sponges of cotton (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use stethoscope covers (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Athletic, recreational and sporting headgear comprising shells of polyvinyl chloride, polycarbonate plastic or
acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, each with an inner liner of expanded polypropylene or expanded polystyrene,
designed for use with bicycles (described in statistical reporting number 6506.10.6045)

Sewing machines of the household type, each weighing not more than 22.5 kg, having a touch screen control, a
sewing light, a presser foot lifter and an automatic needle threader (described in statistical reporting number
8452.10.0090)

Tracking devices, each device measuring not more than 86 mm on a side (if rectangular) or 28 mm in diameter
(if circular) and not more than 7.5 mm in thickness, not weighing more than 15 g, designed to be attached to
another article and to establish a Bluetooth connection with another device for the purposes of providing relative
location information (described in statistical reporting number 8517.62.0090)

(36) Wireless communication apparatus that can receive audio data to be distributed to wireless speakers (described

in statistical reporting number 8518.22.0000)

(37)

(38)

(39)

(40)

Liquid crystal display ("LCD") modules, not capable of receiving or processing a broadcast television signal, each
with a video display diagonal measuring not more than 191 cm (described in statistical reporting number
9013.80.9000 prior to January 27, 2022, described in statistical reporting number 8524.11.9000 effective January
27, 2022)

Television liquid crystal display ("LCD") main board assemblies, each consisting of a printed circuit board containing
a television tuner and audio and video components (described in statistical reporting number 8529.90.1300)

Protective Articles (described in statistical reporting number 9004.90.0000 prior to January 1, 2021; described in
statistical reporting number 9004.90.0010 or 9004.90.0090 effective January 1, 2021)

Prism binoculars, other than for use with infrared light, comprising a plastic, aluminum or magnesium alloy body
with a rubber jacket, with magnification ranging from at least 4X but not more than 22X and aperture ranging from
at least 21 mm but not more than 56 mm (described in statistical reporting number 9005.10.0040)

(41)

Parts of child safety seats (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.1085 prior to January 27, 2022;
described in statistical reporting number 9401.91.1500 or 9401.99.1085 effective January 27, 2022)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 306
U.S. Notes (con.)

(42)

Pillow shells of cotton, each filled with goose or duck down (described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.1000
prior to January 1, 2023; described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.1060 or statistical reporting number
9404.90.1090 effective January 1, 2023)

(uuu)

(i) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.68, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers: [Compiler's note: expired.]

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Disposable plastic filters of a kind suitable for filtering and dehumidifying a patient's breath in a medical device
such as a gas analyzer (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.0190)

S-band and X-band linear accelerators designed for use in radiation surgery or radiation therapy equipment
(described in statistical reporting number 8543.10.0000)

Disposable electrocardiograph (ECG) electrodes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.11.9000)

Ultrasonic scanning apparatus, each having dimensions not exceeding 122 cm by 77 cm by 127 cm, whether or
not presented with transducer (described in statistical reporting number 9018.12.0000)

Blood pressure monitors suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9530)

Digital peak flow meters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9550)

Fingertip pulse oximeters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9550)

Bismuth germanate crystals with set dimensional and surface finish requirements and used as a detection element
in Positron Emission Tomography (PET) detectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

Magnetic resonance imaging ("MRI") patient enclosure devices, each incorporating radio frequency and gradient
coils (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(10)

Parts and accessories of capnography monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

(11) Disposable surface electrodes for Intra-operative neuromonitoring (“IONM”) systems, each composed of a surface
electrode pad, an insulated wire, and a standard DIN 42802 connector (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9560)

(12) Otoscopes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.2000)

(13)

Anesthesia masks (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.3000)

(14)

Anesthetic instruments and appliances suitable for use in medical or surgical sciences, and parts and accessories
of the foregoing (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.3000)

(15)

Electrosurgical cautery pencils with electrical connectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(16)

Printed circuit board assemblies designed for use in displaying operational performance of medical infusion
equipment (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.7580)

(17) Combined positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) scanners which utilize multiple PET

gantries (frames) on a common base (described in statistical reporting number 9022.12.0000)

(18)

X-ray tables (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.2500)

(19)

X-ray tube housings and parts thereof (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.4000)

(20) Multi-leaf collimators of radiotherapy systems based on the use of X-ray (described in statistical reporting number

9022.90.6000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 307

U.S. Notes (con.)

(21)

Parts and accessories, of metal, for mobile X-ray apparatus (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.6000)

(22)

(23)

(24)

Vertical stands specially designed to support, contain or adjust the movement of X-ray digital detectors, or the
X-ray tube and collimator in complete X-ray diagnostic systems (described in statistical reporting number
9022.90.6000)

Thermoplastic masks of polycaprolactone for the use of immobilizing patients, during the use of alpha, beta or
gamma radiations, for radiography or radiotherapy (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.9500)

Inoculator sets of plastics, each consisting of a plate with multiple wells, a display tray, and a lid; when assembled,
the set measuring 105 mm or more but not exceeding 108 mm in width, 138 mm or more but not exceeding 140
mm in depth, and 6.5 mm or less in thickness (described in statistical reporting number 9027.90.5650)

(ii) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September 18,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in
heading 9903.88.68, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

9025.19.8010

9025.19.8020

9025.19.8060

9025.19.8085

Molded acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene (ABS) tubes, of a kind used to effect the sterile transfer of fluid from a bag
or vial to another container, each tube measuring 7.5 cm or more but not exceeding 23 cm in length, with an inner
diameter of less than 0.65 cm and an outer diameter of less than 9 cm, one end having been angle-cut to form a
spike, and having an integrated flange, less than 3 cm in diameter (splash guard) near the spike end and removable
polyethylene caps on each end, put up in sterile packing (described in statistical reporting number 3917.29.0090)

Rectangular sheets of high-density or low-density polyethylene, 111.75 cm to 215.9 cm in width, and 152.4 cm
to 304.8 cm in length, with a sticker attached to mark the center of each sheet, of a kind used in hospital or surgery
center operating rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3920.10.0000)

Sheets and strips consisting of both cross-linked polyethylene and ethylene vinyl acetate, of a width greater than
1 m but not greater than 1.5 m, and a length greater than 1.75 m but not greater than 2.6 m (described in statistical
reporting number 3921.19.0000)

Polyethylene sheet and film laminated with spunbond-spunbond-spunbond nonwoven polypropylene fabric,
measuring 1.12 m or more but not over 1.52 m in width and 1.93 m or more but not over 2.29 m in length, and
weighing 55 g/m² or more but not exceeding 88 g/m² (described in statistical reporting number 3921.90.1500)

Dispensers of hand-cleaning or hand-sanitizing solutions, whether employing a manual pump or a
proximity-detecting battery-operated pump, each article weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(iii) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and 20(f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for in
U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04. See 83
Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.68, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which
are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

3808.94.1000

3808.94.5010

3926.20.9050

XXII
99 - III - 308
U.S. Notes (con.)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

4819.50.4060

5603.12.0090 prior to July 1, 2022; 5603.12.0070 or 5603.12.0095 effective July 1, 2022

5603.92.0090 prior to July 1, 2022; 5603.92.0070 or 5603.92.0095 effective July 1, 2022

5603.93.0090

6505.00.8015

8424.90.9080

(10)

Sodium metal (CAS No. 7440-23-5), in bulk solid form (described in statistical reporting number 2805.11.0000)

(11) Disposable cloths of nonwoven textile materials impregnated, coated or covered with organic surface-active

preparations for washing the skin, put up for retail sale (described in statistical reporting number 3401.11.5000)

(12) Mixtures containing 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol (CAS No. 108-01-0) (described in statistical reporting number

3824.99.9397)

(13)

(14)

(15)

Silicon monoxide (SiO) (CAS No. 10097-28-6) in powder form (described in statistical reporting number
3824.99.9397)

Flexible gas sampling tubes, pipes and hoses, of polyvinyl chloride, with lock connectors at each end (described
in statistical reporting number 3917.33.0000)

Flexible oxygen tubes, pipes and hoses presented with integrated molded connectors, of polyvinyl chloride
(described in statistical reporting number 3917.33.0000)

(16) Container units of plastics, each comprising a tub and lid therefore, configured or fitted for the conveyance, packing,

or dispensing of wet wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.10.9000)

(17)

(18)

Sacks and bags of polymers of ethylene, reclosable, qualifying as Class 1 medical devices by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration under product code NNI (described in statistical reporting number 3923.21.0030)

Injection molded polypropylene plastic caps or lids each weighing not over 24 grams designed for dispensing wet
wipes (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

(19) Hand pumps (other than for fuel or lubricants, not fitted or designed to be fitted with a metering device), each
used to dispense a metered quantity of liquid soap or sanitizer (described in statistical reporting number
8413.20.0000)

(20) Hand pumps for liquids (other than those of subheading 8413.11 or 8413.19) of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene

(ABS) plastics (described in statistical reporting number 8413.20.0000)

(21)

Indicator panels incorporating LEDs, designed for use in medical infusion equipment (described in statistical
reporting number 8531.20.0040)

(22) Data input devices each with display capabilities of a kind used for magnetic resonance imaging (“MRI”) equipment,

computed tomography (“CT”) equipment, intraoperative X-ray (“IXR”) equipment or patient monitors (described
in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

(23) Compound binocular optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for

photomicrography, cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding
1,000X, weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(24) Compound optical microscopes (other than stereoscopic microscopes and microscopes for photomicrography,
cinemicrography or microprojection), each with magnification of 40X or more but not exceeding 400X, weighing
not more than 15 kg (described in statistical reporting number 9011.80.0000)

(iv) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 309

U.S. Notes (con.)

process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.68, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
following enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

3401.19.0000

3926.90.9910

5210.11.4040

5210.11.6020

5504.10.0000

6210.10.5010

6210.10.5090

6307.90.7200

Face shields of transparent plastics, whether or not assembled (described in statistical reporting number
3926.90.9950)

(10)

Bowls of molded plastics, with clips for retaining guide wires during surgical procedures (described in statistical
reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985
effective July 1, 2020)

(11) Coverings, of plastics, designed to fit over wound sites or casts thereby forming a protective seal for keeping the
covered area dry and debris free while showering or bathing (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(12) Disposable graduated medicine dispensing cups of plastics (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990

prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(13)

(14)

Single-use sterile drapes and covers of plastics, of a kind used to protect the sterile field in surgical operating
rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

Sterile decanters of polystyrene plastics, each of a kind used to transfer aseptic fluids or medication to and from
sterile bags, vials or glass containers (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020)

(15) Cold packs consisting of a single-use, instant, endothermic chemical reaction cold pack combined with a textile
exterior lining (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(16) Hot packs of textile material, single-use (exothermic chemical reaction) (described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(17)

(18)

(19)

Laparotomy sponges of cotton (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use blood pressure cuff sleeves of textile materials (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889
prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Single-use stethoscope covers (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

(20) Woven gauze sponges of cotton in square or rectangular sizes (described in statistical reporting number

6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 310
U.S. Notes (con.)

(vvv)

(i) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.01 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(a) and 20(b) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.01. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided
in heading 9903.88.69, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.01 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

8483.50.9040

8607.21.1000

9030.90.4600

Pump casings and bodies (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019;
described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump covers (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to January 1, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019; described in
statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January 1, 2020)

Pump parts, of plastics, each valued not over $3 (described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9080 prior to
January 1, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9095 effective January 1, 2019 through
December 31, 2019; described in statistical reporting number 8413.91.9085 or 8413.91.9096 effective January
1, 2020)

Compressors, other than screw type, used in air conditioning equipment in motor vehicles, each valued over $88
but not over $92 per unit (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8030)

Rotary compressors, each exceeding 746 W but not exceeding 2,238 W, with a cooling capacity ranging from 2.3
kW to 5.5 kW (described in statistical reporting number 8414.30.8060)

Heat exchanger plates, cores, finned tubes, cones, shells, bonnets, flanges and baffles (described in statistical
reporting number 8419.90.3000)

(10) Chemically etched dies of steel, steel-rule cutting dies, movable magnetic dies, embossing folders and plastic

embossing diffusers, of a kind used in manually-powered roller machines for etching or stenciling a single sheet
of cardstock, paper, leather, flexible magnet, plastics, metallic foil, vellum, felt or fabric, such sheets measuring
not more than 50.8 cm in width or length (described in statistical reporting number 8420.99.9000)

(11) Cutting pads, platforms, base plates, pads, shims, trays, which function as guides for hand-operated table-top

calendering machines of a width not exceeding 51 cm (described in statistical reporting number 8420.99.9000)

(12) Machinery for filtering water, submersible, powered by batteries, manually operated, such machinery designed
for use in pools, basins, aquariums, spas or similar contained bodies of water (described in statistical reporting
number 8421.21.0000)

(13)

Air purification equipment, electrically powered, weighing less than 36 kg (described in statistical reporting number
8421.39.8015 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.0115 effective January
27, 2022)

(14) Disposable plastic filters of a kind suitable for filtering and dehumidifying a patient's breath in a medical device

such as a gas analyzer (described in statistical reporting number 8421.39.8090 prior to January 27, 2022; described
in statistical reporting number 8421.39.0190 effective January 27, 2022)

(15)

Filter housings, covers, or couplings, the foregoing of steel and comprising parts of machinery or apparatus for
filtering liquids (described in statistical reporting number 8421.99.0040 prior to January 27, 2022; described in
statistical reporting number 8421.99.0140 effective January 27, 2022)

(16) Counterweight castings of iron or steel designed for use on fork lift and other works trucks (described in statistical

reporting number 8431.20.0000)

(17)

Tines, carriages, and other goods handling apparatus and parts designed for use on fork lift and other works
trucks (described in statistical reporting number 8431.20.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 311

U.S. Notes (con.)

(18)

Animal feeding machinery (described in statistical reporting number 8436.80.0090)

(19)

Parts of animal feeding machinery (described in statistical reporting number 8436.99.0090)

(20) Reject doors, pin protectors, liners, front walls, grates, hammers, rotor and end disc caps, and anvil and breaker
bars, of iron or steel, the foregoing parts of metal shredders (described in statistical reporting number 8479.90.9496
prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8479.90.9596 effective January 27, 2022)

(21)

(22)

(23)

(24)

Ball type angle cock valve bodies, of cast iron, for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions (described in statistical
reporting number 8481.90.9020)

Valve bodies, of aluminum, of valves for oleohydraulic or pneumatic transmissions (described in statistical reporting
number 8481.90.9020)

Angle cock handle assemblies, of iron and steel, each measuring 11.43 cm by 21.59 cm by 5.08 cm and weighing
0.748 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8481.90.9040)

Pipe brackets of aluminum, each with 4 ports, the foregoing measuring 27.9 cm x 20.3 cm x 17.8 cm and weighing
11.34 kg, designed for installation into air brake control valves (described in statistical reporting number
8481.90.9040)

(25)

Electric motors, AC, permanent split capacitor type, not exceeding 16 W (described in statistical reporting number
8501.10.4020)

(26) DC electric motors, of an output of less than 18.65 W, other than brushless, measuring less than 38 mm in diameter

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.4060)

(27) DC motors, of an output exceeding 37.5 W but not exceeding 74.6 W, valued over $2 but not over $30 each

(described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.2000)

(28)

AC motors, multi-phase, of rolled steel frame construction (described in statistical reporting number 8501.51.4040)

(29)

AC motors, multi-phase, of an output of 186.5 kW or more but not exceeding 373 kW, having a cast iron frame
construction (described in statistical reporting number 8501.53.8040)

(30) Dual layer printed circuit board assemblies, each valued over $30 but not over $35 (described in statistical reporting

number 8504.90.7500)

(31) Ring terminals, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number 8536.90.4000)

(32) Weather station sets, each consisting of a monitoring display and outdoor weather sensors, having a transmission
range of not over 140 m and valued not over $50 per set (described in statistical reporting number 9015.80.8080)

(33) Disposable electrocardiograph (ECG) electrodes (described in statistical reporting number 9018.11.9000)

(34) Ultrasonic scanning apparatus, each having dimensions not exceeding 122 cm by 77 cm by 127 cm, whether or

not presented with transducer (described in statistical reporting number 9018.12.0000)

(35)

Blood pressure monitors suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9530)

(36) Digital peak flow meters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number

9018.19.9550)

(37)

Fingertip pulse oximeters suitable for use by medical professionals (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9550)

(38) Disposable surface electrodes for Intra-operative neuromonitoring ("IONM") systems, each composed of a surface
electrode pad, an insulated wire, and a standard DIN 42802 connector (described in statistical reporting number
9018.19.9560)

(39)

Parts and accessories of capnography monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.19.9560)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 312
U.S. Notes (con.)

(40)

Anesthetic instruments and appliances suitable for use in medical or surgical sciences, and parts and accessories
of the foregoing (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.3000)

(41)

Electrosurgical cautery pencils with electrical connectors (described in statistical reporting number 9018.90.6000)

(42) Combined positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) scanners which utilize multiple PET

gantries (frames) on a common base (described in statistical reporting number 9022.12.0000)

(43) Radiation therapy systems, each encased by steel-based structural shell with gantry cover comprising three pairs

of plastics-based panels (described in statistical reporting number 9022.14.0000)

(44)

X-ray tube housings and parts thereof (described in statistical reporting number 9022.90.4000)

(45) Multi-leaf collimators of radiotherapy systems based on the use of X-ray (described in statistical reporting number

9022.90.6000)

(46)

(47)

Printed circuit board assemblies, of a kind designed for use in X-ray apparatus (described in statistical reporting
number 9022.90.6000)

Thermostats designed for air conditioning or heating systems, not designed to connect to the internet, the foregoing
designed for wall mounting (described in statistical reporting number 9032.10.0030)

(ii) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and 20(d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47326 (September 18,
2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in
heading 9903.88.69, the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.88.02 shall not apply to the following particular
products, which are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

9025.19.8010

9025.19.8020

9025.19.8085

Acrylic acid-2-acrylamido-2-methylpropanesulfonic acid-acrylic ester (AA/AMPS/I-IPA) terpolymers, presented in
dry form (described in statistical reporting number 3906.90.5000)

Rolls of polyethylene film coated with a solvent acrylic adhesive (described in statistical reporting number
3919.10.2055)

Polyethylene film, 20.32 to 198.12 cm in width, and 30.5 to 2000.5 min length, coated on one side with solvent
acrylic adhesive, clear or in transparent colors, whether or not printed, in rolls (described in statistical reporting
number 3919.90.5040 or 3919.90.5060)

Films coated on one or both sides with polyvinylidene chloride (PVdC) or polyvinyl alcohol (PVOH), whether or
not having a primer layer between the base and coating; any of the foregoing having a total thickness greater
than 0.01 mm but not greater than 0.03 mm (described in statistical reporting number 3920.62.0090)

Gas (natural or liquid propane (LP)) engines each having a displacement of more than 2 liters but not more than
2.5 liters (described in statistical reporting number 8407.90.9010)

Dispensers of hand-cleaning or hand-sanitizing solutions, whether employing a manual pump or a
proximity-detecting battery-operated pump, each article weighing not more than 3 kg (described in statistical
reporting number 8424.89.9000)

(10)

Electric motors, with an output of 18.65 W or more but not exceeding 37.5 W, with attached cables, designed for
use in adjusting motor vehicle seats (described in statistical reporting number 8501.10.6080)

(11) DC electric motors, 24 V, with an output not exceeding 515 W, measuring not over 95 mm in outside diameter,
not over 155 mm in length and with a shaft not over 30 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number
8501.31.4000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 313

U.S. Notes (con.)

(12) DC electric motors, with an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, containing lead wires and an

electrical connector (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(13) DC motors with a power output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 230 W, measuring less than 105 mm in

diameter and 50 mm or more but not over 100 mm in length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(14) DC motors, of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 735 W, each valued not over $18 (described in

statistical reporting number 8501.31.4000)

(15) Ground Fault Circuit Interrupters (GFCIs), Appliance Leakage Current Interrupters (ALCIs), Leakage Current

Detection Interrupters (LCDIs), and Arc Fault Circuit Interrupters (AFCIs) (described in statistical reporting number
8536.30.8000)

(16)

(17)

(18)

Electronic AC passive infrared (PIR) motion sensing switches (described in statistical reporting number
8536.50.7000)

Position or speed sensors for motor vehicle transmission systems, each valued not over $12 (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.4500)

Apparatus using passive infrared detection sensors designed for turning lights on and off (described in statistical
reporting number 8543.70.9960 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9860
effective January 27, 2022)

(19)

Liquid leak detectors (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960 prior to January 27, 2022; described
in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9860 effective January 27, 2022)

(20) Robots, programmable, measuring not more than 40 cm high by 22 cm wide by 27 cm deep, incorporating an

LCD display, camera and microphone but without "hands" (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9960
prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9860 effective January 27, 2022)

(21) Motorcycles (including mopeds), with reciprocating internal combustion piston engine of a cylinder capacity not

exceeding 50 cc, valued not over $500 each (described in statistical reporting number 8711.10.0000)

(22)

Portable, wireless enabled, electrical gas monitors (described in statistical reporting number 9027.10.2000)

(iii) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.03 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(e) and 20(f) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.03, and by which particular products classified in heading 9903.88.04 and provided for in
U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.88.04. See 83
Fed. Reg. 47974 (September 21, 2018) and 84 Fed. Reg. 29576 (June 24, 2019). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.69, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.03 or in heading 9903.88.04 shall not apply to the following particular products, which
are provided for in the enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

0304.72.5000

0304.83.1015

0304.83.1020

0304.83.5015

0304.83.5020

0304.83.5090

3808.94.5010

3923.21.0095

5603.92.0090 prior to July 1, 2022; 5603.92.0070 or 5603.92.0095 effective July 1, 2022

(10)

5603.93.0090

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 314
U.S. Notes (con.)

(11)

6505.00.8015

(12)

8424.90.9080

(13)

8425.31.0100

(14)

(15)

King crab meat, frozen in blocks each weighing at least 1 kg but not more than 1.2 kg, in airtight containers
(described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2010)

Snow crab meat (C. opilio), frozen in blocks, in airtight containers each with net weight of not more than 1.2 kg
(described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2022)

(16) Dungeness crab meat, frozen in blocks, in airtight containers with net weight of not more than 1.2 kg (described

in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2030)

(17) Crab meat (other than King crab, Snow crab, Dungeness or swimming crabs), frozen in blocks, in airtight containers

with net weight of not more than 1.5 kg (described in statistical reporting number 1605.10.2090)

(18)

Sodium metal (CAS No. 7440-23-5), in bulk solid form (described in statistical reporting number 2805.11.0000)

(19)

Sodium adipate (1,4-butanedicarboxylic acid, disodium salt) (IUPAC name: disodium hexanedioate) (CAS No.
7486-38-6) (described in statistical reporting number 2917.12.5000)

(20) N-(n-Butyl)thiophosphoric triamide (IUPAC name: N-Diaminophosphinothioylbutan-1-amine) (CAS No. 94317-64-3)
(described in statistical reporting number 2929.90.5090 prior to January 1, 2024; described in statistical reporting
number 2929.90.5095 effective January 1, 2024)

(21)

Supported nickel-based catalysts, of a kind used for methanation, desulfurization, hydrogenation, pre-reforming
or reforming of organic chemicals or for protection of hydrotreating catalysts from arsine poisoning (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.11.0000)

(22)

Supported catalysts for polymerization (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(23)

(24)

(25)

(26)

Supported catalysts of copper oxide or zinc oxide as the active ingredients for arsine removal (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with copper carbonate or zinc carbonate as the active ingredients for low temperature
desulfurization (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with metal sulfide as the active substance for mercury removal (described in statistical reporting
number 3815.19.0000)

Supported catalysts with molybdenum compounds as the active substance for hydrogenation (described in
statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(27)

Supported catalysts with zinc oxide as the active substance (described in statistical reporting number 3815.19.0000)

(28) One-piece stoppers, of polypropiolactone ("PPL") or polylactic acid ("PLA") polymers, each comprising a disc-shaped

top attached to a rounded, tapered plug with a protruding stirrer, measuring at least 55 mm but not more than
120.7 mm in overall length, and weighing at least 0.6 g but not more than 1.1 g each, of a kind used with lids for
beverage containers (described in statistical reporting number 3923.50.0000)

(29)

(30)

(31)

Backpacks with outer surface of textile materials of man-made fibers, each measuring at least 35 cm but not more
than 75 cm in height, at least 19 cm but not more than 34 cm in width, and at least 5 cm but not more than 26 cm
in depth (described in statistical reporting number 4202.92.3120)

Silk fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or of silk waste other than noil silk, the foregoing not
printed, not jacquard woven, measuring over 127 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number
5007.20.0065)

Silk fabrics, containing 85 percent or more by weight of silk or of silk waste other than noil silk, the foregoing not
printed, not jacquard woven, measuring 107 cm or more but not over 127 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 5007.20.0085)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 315

U.S. Notes (con.)

(32)

(33)

(34)

Long pile knit fabrics, of acrylic pile on polyester ground, valued not over $16 per m2 (described in statistical
reporting number 6001.10.2000)

Sandstone known as brown wave, of a kind used in outdoor living spaces, containing one textured side and up
to four chiseled edges with a density of 2,750 kg/m3 (described in statistical reporting number 6802.99.0060 prior
to July 1, 2023; described in statistical reporting number 6802.99.0090 effective July 1, 2023)

Sandstone with a flamed finish on one side and a length of 200 mm or more but not over 3,100 mm, a width of
100 mm or more but not over 1,380 mm and a thickness of 30 mm or more but not over 180 mm (described in
statistical reporting number 6802.99.0060 prior to July 1, 2023; described in statistical reporting number
6802.99.0090 effective July 1, 2023)

(35) Grinding beads of yttria-stabilized zirconia (described in statistical reporting number 6909.11.2000)

(36)

Screen protectors of tempered safety glass, transparent, cut, and treated, with adhesive on one side, in rectangular
sheets, each weighing at least 6 g but not more than 77 g, each measuring not less than 2.8 cm but not more
than 28 cm in height, not less than 1.9 cm but not more than 21 cm in width, and not more than 0.1 cm in thickness
(described in statistical reporting number 7007.19.0000)

(37)

Sheets of tempered safety glass, coated with silicone oxide, having a surface area of less than 2.5 m2, designed
to be placed over solar cell panels for protection from external damage (described in statistical reporting number
7007.19.0000)

(38) Rear-view mirrors of convex glass for motor vehicles, each measuring not less than 1.75 mm and not more than

2.4 mm in thickness, not less than 125 mm and not more than 210 mm in length, not less than 97 mm and not
more than 180 mm in width, weighing not less than 74 g and not more than 188 g (described in statistical reporting
number 7009.10.0000)

(39) Rear-view mirrors of flat glass for motor vehicles, each measuring not less than 1.75 mm but not more than 2.4
mm in thickness, not less than 163 mm but not more than 210 mm in length, not less than 107 mm but not more
than 167 mm in width and weighing not less than 80 g but not more than 188 g (described in statistical reporting
number 7009.10.0000)

(40)

Tiles of non-recycled glass on a vinyl mesh backing, in a grid pattern of not less than 304 mm by 304 mm and
not exceeding 305 mm by 305 mm, for mosaics or other decorative or construction purposes (described in statistical
reporting number 7016.10.0000)

(41) Cable hooks of steel, each weighing not less than 0.2 kg, measuring not less than 9 cm in length, not less than
5 cm in width and not less than 1 cm in height with spring loaded closure gate (described in statistical reporting
number 7326.90.8688)

(42)

Kitchen and table implements of iron or steel, non-electric, including but not limited to peelers, graters and whisks
(described in statistical reporting number 8205.51.3030)

(43) Cooling medium pumps for internal combustion piston engines of the motor vehicles of headings 8703 or 8704

(described in statistical reporting number 8413.30.9090)

(44) DC blowers for use in motor vehicle climate control systems, each measuring no less than 323 mm by 122 mm
by 102 mm and no more than 357 mm by 214 mm by 167 mm (described in statistical reporting number
8414.59.6540)

(45) DC centrifugal radial blowers, each measuring not less than 345 mm by 122 mm by 102 mm and not more than
355 mm by 173 mm by 145 mm, of an output of 100 W to 285 W, and weighing at least 1.80 kg but no more than
2.72 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8414.59.6560)

(46)

(47)

(48)

Electric display cases incorporating refrigerating equipment designed for commercial use, each with a glass front
to display the food or drink being stored (described in statistical reporting number 8418.50.0080)

Printed circuit assemblies for rendering images onto computer screens ("graphics processing modules") (described
in statistical reporting number 8473.30.1180)

Printed circuit assemblies to enhance the graphics performance of automatic data processing (ADP) machines
("accelerator modules") (described in statistical reporting number 8473.30.1180)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 316
U.S. Notes (con.)

(49)

(50)

(51)

(52)

(53)

(54)

Printed circuit assemblies, constituting unfinished logic boards (described in statistical reporting number
8473.30.1180)

Parts and accessories of machines of heading 8471, whether or not incorporating fan hubs or LEDs but not
incorporating other goods of heading 8541 or 8542 (described in statistical reporting number 8473.30.5100)

Electric gear motors, single phase AC, of an output of 74.6 W or more but not exceeding 228 W, each with a
spring, a coupling, and a locking connector, the assembly measuring not more than 30 cm in length, not more
than 11 cm in width, not more than 16 cm in height (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4020)

AC motors, single phase, each of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 335 W, measuring not more
than 13 cm in diameter and not more than 13 cm in height and with a shaft measuring not more than 39 cm in
length (described in statistical reporting number 8501.40.4040)

Power adapters for a weather sensor or weather station display (described in statistical reporting number
8504.40.9580)

Starter motors for internal combustion gasoline engines designed for use in the lawn, automotive, watercraft,
motorcycle, industrial and garden industries (described in statistical reporting number 8511.40.0000)

(55)

Electric fireplaces, weighing not more than 55 kg (described in statistical reporting number 8516.29.0090)

(56)

(57)

Printed circuit boards, each with a base wholly of plastics impregnated glass, not flexible, with 4 layers of copper
(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0020)

Printed circuit boards, each with a base wholly of plastics impregnated glass, not flexible, with 2 layers of copper
(described in statistical reporting number 8534.00.0040)

(58) Gas ignition safety controls, measuring 3.8 to 5.3 cm in height, 6.4 to 10.1 cm in width and 13.2 to 13.9 cm in

depth; weighing 160 g to 380 g each; and valued not over $26 each; of a kind used in patio heaters, agricultural
heaters or clothes dryers (described in statistical reporting number 8537.10.9170)

(59) Digital sound processing apparatus capable of connecting to a wired or wireless network for the mixing of sound,
each capable of mixing 16, 24, 32 or 64 channel, each measuring not more than 17 cm in height, not more than
60 cm in depth, and not more than 83 cm in width (described in statistical reporting number 8543.70.9100)

(60)

(61)

(62)

(63)

(64)

Insulated electric conductors for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, fitted with connectors of a kind used for
telecommunications, each valued over $0.35 but not over $2 (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.2000)

Insulated conductors, not of a kind used for telecommunications, for a voltage not exceeding 1,000 V, each with
polyvinyl chloride (PVC) covers and connectors at each end in bundles of 3, 5 or 6 for use in connecting patients
to monitoring devices (described in statistical reporting number 8544.42.9090)

Junction box assemblies, of a kind used in solar panels, incorporating three bypass diodes and two insulated
cables fitted with connectors, for a voltage not more than 1,000 V (described in statistical reporting number
8544.42.9090)

Park gear blanks of Society of Automotive Engineers (“SAE”) 1520 carbon steel (described in statistical reporting
number 8708.40.7570)

Stator shafts of Stahlwerk Annahutte ZF34C grade carbon steel (described in statistical reporting number
8708.40.7570)

(65) Wheeled trailers suitable for towing behind an adult bicycle, each comprising a frame of aluminum with a hitch

mechanism, weighing not more than 17.5 kg, with a capacity of not more than 46 kg, with those trailers designated
for carrying children meeting ASTM International standard F1975 (described in statistical reporting number
8716.40.0000)

(66) Upholstered seats with wooden frames other than chairs, not of cane, osier, bamboo or similar materials, each
measuring at least 144 cm but no more than 214 cm in width, at least 81 cm but no more than 89 cm in height
and at least 81 cm but not more than 163 cm in depth (described in statistical reporting number 9401.61.6011)

(67) Unassembled upholstered chairs with metal frames, other than household chairs, with seats and backs having a
shell of plastics or wood and measuring at least 48 cm but not more than 61 cm in width (described in statistical
reporting number 9401.71.0031)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 317

U.S. Notes (con.)

(68) Hunting stands of steel or aluminum (including ladder stands, pod stands, hang-on stands and climbing stands),
each of which allows one or more hunters to ascend to a height and sit while waiting for game animals to appear
(described in statistical reporting number 9401.79.0035)

(69)

(70)

Parts of chairs of unfinished plywood, including bodies, legs and arms (described in statistical reporting number
9401.90.4080 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number 9401.91.9090 effective January
27, 2022)

Baby crib liners, each composed of two pieces of multi-layer warp polyester knit mesh without any padding, one
measuring no more than 29 cm by 283 cm and the other measuring no more than 29 cm by 210 cm (described
in statistical reporting number 9403.90.6005 prior to January 27, 2022; described in statistical reporting number
9403.99.5005 effective January 27, 2022)

(iv) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.15 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(r) and (s) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.15. See 84 Fed. Reg. 43304 (August 20, 2019), 84 Fed. Reg. 45821 (August 30, 2019),
84 Fed. Reg. 57144 (October 24, 2019) and 85 Fed. Reg. 3741 (January 22, 2020). Pursuant to the product exclusion
process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that, as provided in heading 9903.88.69, the additional duties
provided for in heading 9903.88.15 shall not apply to the following particular products, which are provided for in the
following enumerated statistical reporting numbers:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

(12)

(13)

0505.10.0050

0505.10.0055

3401.19.0000

3926.90.9910

5504.10.0000

6210.10.5010

6210.10.5090

6506.10.6030

Sodium alginate resins (CAS No. 9005-38-3) (described in statistical reporting number 3913.10.0000)

Single-use sterile drapes and covers of plastics, of a kind used to protect the sterile field in surgical operating
rooms (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9989 effective July
1, 2024)

Sterile decanters of polystyrene plastics, each of a kind used to transfer aseptic fluids or medication to and from
sterile bags, vials or glass containers (described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9990 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 3926.90.9985 effective July 1, 2020; described in statistical reporting
number 3926.90.9989 effective July 1, 2024)

Babies' sleep sacks of cotton interlock knitted fabric, sleeveless, each with neck opening and two-way zipper
(described in statistical reporting number 6111.20.6070)

Babies' sleep sacks, knitted, of cotton, each with neck opening and two-way zipper (described in statistical reporting
number 6111.20.6070)

(14) Dust covers of knitted polyester fabric, designed for bed mattresses and pillows (described in statistical reporting

number 6302.10.0020)

(15)

Protective covers of cotton for pillows, not knitted or crocheted, of cotton, not napped or printed, each with full
encasement construction and zipper opening (described in statistical reporting number 6302.31.9040)

(16) Cold packs consisting of a single-use, instant, endothermic chemical reaction cold pack combined with a textile
exterior lining (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020; described in statistical
reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 318
U.S. Notes (con.)

(17)

(18)

(19)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(23)

(24)

(25)

Laparotomy sponges of cotton (described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9889 prior to July 1, 2020;
described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9891 effective July 1, 2020)

Athletic, recreational and sporting headgear comprising shells of polyvinyl chloride, polycarbonate plastic or
acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, each with an inner liner of expanded polypropylene or expanded polystyrene,
designed for use with bicycles (described in statistical reporting number 6506.10.6045)

Sewing machines of the household type, each weighing not more than 22.5 kg, having a touch screen control, a
sewing light, a presser foot lifter and an automatic needle threader (described in statistical reporting number
8452.10.0090)

Liquid crystal display ("LCD") modules, not capable of receiving or processing a broadcast television signal, each
with a video display diagonal measuring not more than 191 cm (described in statistical reporting number
9013.80.9000 prior to January 27, 2022, described in statistical reporting number 8524.11.9000 effective January
27, 2022)

Television liquid crystal display ("LCD") main board assemblies, each consisting of a printed circuit board containing
a television tuner and audio and video components (described in statistical reporting number 8529.90.1300)

Protective Articles (described in statistical reporting number 9004.90.0000 prior to January 1, 2021; described in
statistical reporting number 9004.90.0010 or 9004.90.0090 effective January 1, 2021)

Prism binoculars, other than for use with infrared light, comprising a plastic, aluminum or magnesium alloy body
with a rubber jacket, with magnification ranging from at least 4X but not more than 22X and aperture ranging from
at least 21 mm but not more than 56 mm (described in statistical reporting number 9005.10.0040)

Parts of child safety seats (described in statistical reporting number 9401.90.1085 prior to January 27, 2022;
described in statistical reporting number 9401.91.1500 or 9401.99.1085 effective January 27, 2022)

Pillow shells of cotton, each filled with goose or duck down (described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.1000
prior to January 1, 2023; described in statistical reporting number 9404.90.1060 or 9404.90.1090 effective January
1, 2023)

(www) The U.S. Trade Representative determined to establish a process by which particular products classified in heading
9903.88.02 and provided for in U.S. notes 20(c) and (d) to this subchapter could be excluded from the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.88.02. See 83 Fed. Reg. 40823 (August 16, 2018) and 83 Fed. Reg. 47236 (September
18, 2018). Pursuant to the product exclusion process, the U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional
duties imposed by heading 9903.88.02 and U.S. note 20(d) to this subchapter shall not apply to the products of China
described herein and classified in the specified subheadings of heading 8486 of the tariff schedule, when such products
of China are entered with a claim for the tariff treatment provided in heading 9903.88.70 of this subchapter:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

Silicon growth furnaces, including Czochralski crystal growth furnaces, designed for growing monocrystalline
silicon ingots (boules) of a mass exceeding 700 kg, for use in solar wafer manufacturing (described in statistical
reporting number 8486.10.0000)

Band saws designed for cutting or slicing cylindrical monocrystalline silicon ingots (boules) of an initial mass
exceeding 400 kg into square or rectangular ingots (boules), for use in solar wafer manufacturing (described in
statistical reporting number 8486.10.0000)

Machines designed to align and adhere square or rectangular monocrystalline silicon ingots (boules) of an initial
mass exceeding 200 kg to plastic support boards on metal mounting plates to provide support during diamond
wire sawing, for use in solar wafer manufacturing (described in statistical reporting number 8486.10.0000)

Diamond wire saws designed for cutting or slicing square or rectangular monocrystalline silicon ingots (boules)
of an initial mass exceeding 400 kg into solar wafers of a thickness not exceeding 200 micrometers (described
in statistical reporting number 8486.10.0000)

Wire guide roller machines, presented with diamond wire saws designed for slicing square or rectangular
monocrystalline silicon ingots (boules) of an initial mass exceeding 400 kg into solar wafers of a thickness not
exceeding 200 micrometers, all of the foregoing for use in solar wafer manufacturing (described in statistical
reporting number 8486.10.0000)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 319

U.S. Notes (con.)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

(12)

Coolant fluid recycling machines, presented with diamond wire saws designed for slicing square or rectangular
monocrystalline silicon ingots (boules) of an initial mass exceeding 400 kg into solar wafers of a thickness not
exceeding 200 micrometers, all of the foregoing for use in solar wafer manufacturing (described in statistical
reporting number 8486.10.0000)

Degumming machines designed to remove adhesives from solar wafers (described in statistical reporting number
8486.10.0000)

Texturing, etching, polishing, and cleaning machines designed to prepare, repair, clean, etch, polish or texture
the solar wafer substrate, whether or not integrated with automation equipment for transferring solar wafers from
one process station to the next, all the foregoing for use in solar wafer manufacturing (described in statistical
reporting number 8486.20.0000)

Thermal diffusion quartz-tube furnaces, designed to diffuse dopant impurities into square or rectangular silicon
wafers, whether or not integrated with automation equipment for transferring solar wafers from one process station
to the next or boat loading or unloading machines, all the foregoing for use in solar cell manufacturing (described
in statistical reporting number 8486.20.0000)

Plasma-enhanced or low-pressure chemical vapor deposition machines designed to deposit amorphous or
nanocrystalline layers on one or both surfaces of a solar wafer, whether or not integrated with automation equipment
for transferring solar wafers from one process station to the next, all the foregoing for use in solar cell manufacturing
(described in statistical reporting number 8486.20.0000)

Physical vapor deposition (PVD) machines, designed to deposit a thin film of transparent conducting oxide on
one or both surfaces of a solar wafer, whether or not integrated with automation equipment for transferring solar
wafers from one process station to the next, all the foregoing for use in solar cell manufacturing (described in
statistical reporting number 8486.20.0000)

Screen printing line machines, including sintering furnaces for printing conducting contacts on both surfaces of a
solar wafer, whether or not integrated with automation equipment for transferring solar wafers from one process
station to the next, and whether or not integrated with equipment for solar cell testing, all the foregoing for use in
solar cell manufacturing (described in statistical reporting number 8486.20.0000)

(13) Machines designed for transporting polysilicon material to growth furnaces and machines designed for transporting
monocrystalline ingots (boules) and wafers throughout the solar wafer manufacturing process, including machines
for loading or unloading solar wafers during the diamond wire slicing process (described in statistical reporting
number 8486.40.0030)

(14) Machines designed for lifting, handling, loading, or unloading of solar wafers of a thickness not exceeding 200

micrometers, for use in solar wafer manufacturing (described in statistical reporting number 8486.40.0030)

(21)(a)

Except as provided in notes 21(u), 21(v), 21(w) and 21(x) of this subdivision, for the purposes of subheadings 9903.89.05
through 9903.89.63, inclusive, and superior text thereto, products of Austria, of Belgium, of Bulgaria, of Croatia, of Republic
of Cyprus, of Czech Republic, of Denmark, of Estonia, of Finland, of France, of Germany, of Greece, of Hungary, of Ireland,
of Italy, of Latvia, of Lithuania, of Luxembourg, of Malta, of Netherlands, of Poland, of Portugal, of Romania, of Slovakia,
of Slovenia, of Spain, of Sweden or of the United Kingdom, as specified in such provisions and this note, shall be subject
to additional duties as provided herein. All products of the specified countries that are classified in the subheadings
enumerated in this note are subject to the additional duties imposed by subheadings 9903.89.05 through 9903.89.63. The
duties imposed by such heading and subheadings shall be in addition to the general duty rates provided for in the applicable
provisions of the tariff schedule. [Compiler's note: Duties suspended under terms set forth in notice appearing at
86 F.R. 36313, July 9, 2021. Suspension inapplicable to certain goods entered from foreign trade zones.]

Products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France,
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania,
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in this note and
that are eligible for temporary duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99 shall be subject to the additional
duties imposed by subheadings 9903.89.05 through 9903.89.63, and any such duty exemption or reduction shall apply only
to the permanent general rate prescribed in provisions of chapters 1 through 97 of the tariff schedule.

The additional duties imposed by subheadings 9903.89.05 through 9903.89.63 do not apply to goods for which entry is
properly claimed under a provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40,
9802.00.50 and 9802.00.60 and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50 and 9802.00.60, the additional
duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations or processing performed in one or more of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 320
U.S. Notes (con.)

Kingdom and as described in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of
the article less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France,
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania,
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom that are described in any of subheading 9903.89.05 through
9903.89.63 and classified in one of the subheadings enumerated in such subheadings and in this note shall continue to be
subject to antidumping, countervailing or other duties (including duties imposed by other provisions of subchapter III of this
chapter and safeguard duties set forth in provisions of subchapter IV of this chapter), fees, exactions and charges that apply
to such products, as well as to the additional imposed herein.

(b)

(c)

For purposes of subheading 9903.89.05, the term “new airplanes or other new aircraft” means airplanes or aircraft with
no time in service or hours in flight other than for production testing and for each such airplane’s or aircraft’s flight required
to enter the airplane or aircraft into the U.S. customs territory or to arrive at a U.S. port of entry. Such subheading shall
not cover used or rebuilt airplanes or other aircraft not covered by the definition of “new” goods set forth in this subdivision.

Subheading 9903.89.10 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic
of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom
that are classified in the subheadings enumerated below: [Compiler's note: subheading 0403.10.50 superseded by
0403.20.50]

0403.10.50
0403.90.85
0403.90.90
0405.20.20
0406.10.28
0406.10.54
0406.10.58
0406.10.68
0406.20.51
0406.20.53
0406.20.69
0406.20.77
0406.20.79
0406.20.87
0406.20.91
0406.30.05
0406.30.18

0406.30.28
0406.30.34
0406.30.38
0406.30.55
0406.30.69
0406.30.79
0406.40.44
0406.40.48
0406.90.32
0406.90.43
0406.90.52
0406.90.54
0406.90.68
0406.90.72
0406.90.74
0406.90.82
0406.90.92

0406.90.94
0805.10.00
0805.21.00
0805.22.00
0805.50.20
0812.10.00
0813.40.30
1602.49.10
1605.53.05
1605.56.05
1605.56.10
1605.56.15
1605.56.20
1605.56.30
1605.56.60
1605.59.05
1605.59.60

(d)

Subheading 9903.89.13 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Germany, of Spain or of the United Kingdom
that are classified in the subheadings enumerated below:

0203.29.40
0404.10.05
0406.10.84
0406.10.88

0406.10.95
0406.90.16
0406.90.56

1509.10.20
1509.90.20
2005.70.12
2005.70.25

(e)

Subheading 9903.89.16 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic
of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom that are
classified in the subheadings enumerated below:

0403.10.90
0405.10.10
0405.10.20
0406.30.89

0811.90.80
1601.00.20
2008.60.00

2008.70.20
2008.97.90
2009.89.65
2009.89.80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 321

U.S. Notes (con.)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(i)

(j)

Subheading 9903.89.19 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic
of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom that are
classified in the subheadings enumerated below:

0405.20.30
0405.20.80
0406.30.85

0406.90.78
1602.41.90
1602.42.20

1602.42.40
1602.49.40
1602.49.90

Subheading 9903.89.22 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic
of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom
that are classified in the subheadings enumerated below:

0405.90.10
0406.30.51
0406.30.53
0406.40.54
0406.90.08
0406.90.12

0406.90.41
0406.90.42
0406.90.48
0406.90.90
0406.90.97
1605.53.60

2007.99.70
2008.40.00
2009.89.20

Subheading 9903.89.25 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic
of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg,
Malta, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom that are classified in
subheading 0406.90.46.

Subheading 9903.89.28 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Republic of
Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom
that are classified in subheading 0406.90.57.

Subheading 9903.89.31 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic
of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Luxembourg,
Malta, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom that are classified in
subheading 0406.90.95.

(k)

Subheading 9903.89.34 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of France, of Germany, of Spain or of the
United Kingdom that are classified in the subheadings enumerated below:

0711.20.18
0711.20.28
0711.20.38

0711.20.40
2005.70.08
2005.70.16

2005.70.23
2204.21.50

(l)

Subheading 9903.89.37 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Germany that are classified in the subheadings
enumerated below:

0901.21.00
0901.22.00
1905.31.00
2101.11.21
8201.40.60
8203.20.20
8203.20.60

8203.30.00
8203.40.60

8205.40.00
8211.93.00
8211.94.50
8467.19.10

8467.19.50
8468.80.10

8468.90.10
8514.20.40
9002.11.90

(m)

Subheading 9903.89.40 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic
of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg,
Malta, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom that are classified in
subheading 1602.49.20.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 322
U.S. Notes (con.)

(n)

Subheading 9903.89.43 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Germany or the United Kingdom that are
classified in the subheadings enumerated below:

1905.32.00
4901.10.00
4908.10.00

4911.91.20
4911.91.30
4911.91.40
8429.52.10

8429.52.50
8467.29.00

(o)

Subheading 9903.89.46 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Germany, of Ireland, of Italy, of Spain or
of the United Kingdom that are classified in subheading 2208.70.00.

(p)

Subheading 9903.89.49 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of the United Kingdom that are either—

(1)

(2)

(q)

(r)

single-malt Irish or Scotch Whiskies (provided for in subheading 2208.30.30), or

provided for in the subheadings enumerated below:

6110.11.00
6110.12.10
6110.20.20
6110.30.30
6202.99.15
6202.99.80

6203.11.60
6203.11.90
6203.19.30
6203.19.90
6208.21.00
6211.12.40

6211.12.80
6301.30.00
6301.90.00
6302.21.50
6302.21.90

Subheading 9903.89.52 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of France or Germany that are classified in
subheadings 2007.99.05, 2007.99.10, 2007.99.15, 2007.99.20, 2007.99.25, 2007.99.35, 2007.99.60, or 8214.90.60.

Subheading 9903.89.55 and superior text thereto shall apply to all products of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus,
Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta,
Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, or the United Kingdom that are classified in subheading
0406.90.99.

(s)

Subheading 9903.89.57 and superior text thereto shall apply to all of the following products of France and Germany:

(1)

(2)

Spirits obtained by distilling grape wine or grape marc (grape brandy), other than Pisco and Singani, in containers
each holding not over 4 liters, valued over $38 per proof liter (provided for in subheading 2208.20.40); and

products classified in the following 8-digit subheadings: 2204.21.20, 2204.21.30, 2204.21.60, 2204.21.80, 2204.22.20,
2204.22.40, 2204.22.60, 2204.22.80, 2204.29.61, 2204.29.81, 2204.30.00.

(t)

For purposes of subheading 9903.89.61:

(1)

(2)

“Fuselages and fuselage sections” means: (a) the complete, tube-like structure comprising the central body portion
of an airplane, including accommodations for crew, passengers, and/or cargo, whether or not containing systems,
insulation, or other articles; and (b) sections of articles described in (a) that have exterior side surfaces attached to
exterior top/crown and bottom/keel surfaces, whether or not designed to be pressurized, and whether or not there are
additional articles attached. The term "fuselages and fuselage sections" shall not cover airplane parts, components,
or subassemblies (e.g., aft pressure bulkheads, floor panels, seats) when imported unattached to the articles described
in (a) and (b) of this subdivision.

“Wings and wing assemblies (other than wings having exterior surfaces of carbon composite material)” means: (a)
left or right handed outboard wing structures with fixed structures, whether or not also including moveable structures,
having exterior surfaces of other than carbon composite material; (b) center wing boxes having exterior surfaces of
other than carbon composite material; and (c) wing assemblies that combine an outboard wing structure with a fixed
structure (whether or not having moveable structure) and a center wing boxes, having exterior surfaces of other than
carbon composite material. The term “wings and wing assemblies (other than wings having exterior surfaces of carbon
composite material)” shall not cover airplane parts, components or subassemblies when imported unattached to the
articles described in in (a), (b), or (c) of this subdivision.

(3)

“Horizontal and vertical stabilizers” means a horizontal or vertical stabilizer, whether or not attached to elevators or
fuselage/tail cone/empennages structures. The term “horizontal and vertical stabilizers” does not cover elevators or
rudders when imported unattached to a fuselage, tail cone, or empennage structure.

Such subheading shall not cover other parts of airplanes or helicopter not covered by the definitions set forth in this subdivision.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 323

U.S. Notes (con.)

(u)

(v)

(w)

(x)

The U.S. Trade Representative has determined that additional duties imposed by subheadings 9903.89.05, 9903.89.07,
9903.89.10, 9903.89.13, 9903.89.16, 9903.89.19, 9903.89.22, 9903.89.25, 9903.89.28, 9903.89.31, 9903.89.34, 9903.89.40,
9903.89.43, 9903.89.46, 9903.89.49, 9903.89.50 and 9903.89.55, and as provided by their associated subchapter notes,
shall not apply to articles the product of the United Kingdom that are entered on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern standard time
on March 4, 2021 and before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on July 4, 2021.

The U.S. Trade Representative has determined that additional duties imposed by subheadings 9903.89.05, 9903.89.07,
9903.89.10, 9903.89.13, 9903.89.16, 9903.89.19, 9903.89.22, 9903.89.25, 9903.89.28, 9903.89.31, 9903.89.34, 9903.89.37,
9903.89.40, 9903.89.43, 9903.89.46, 9903.89.52, 9903.89.55, 9903.89.57, 9903.89.59, 9903.89.61, and 9903.89.63 and
as provided by their associated subchapter notes, shall not apply to articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland,
Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, and
Sweden that are entered on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern standard time on March 11, 2021 and before 12:01 a.m. eastern
daylight time on July 11, 2021.

The U.S. Trade Representative has determined that the additional duties imposed by subheadings 9903.89.05, 9903.89.07,
9903.89.10, 9903.89.13, 9903.89.16, 9903.89.19, 9903.89.22, 9903.89.25, 9903.89.28, 9903.89.31, 9903.89.34, 9903.89.40,
9903.89.43, 9903.89.46, 9903.89.49, 9903.89.50 and 9903.89.55, and as provided by their associated subchapter notes,
shall not apply to articles the product of the United Kingdom that are entered on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time
on or after July 4, 2021.

The U.S. Trade Representative has determined that additional duties imposed by subheadings 9903.89.05, 9903.89.07,
9903.89.10, 9903.89.13, 9903.89.16, 9903.89.19, 9903.89.22, 9903.89.25, 9903.89.28, 9903.89.31, 9903.89.34, 9903.89.37,
9903.89.40, 9903.89.43, 9903.89.46, 9903.89.52, 9903.89.55, 9903.89.57, 9903.89.59, 9903.89.61, and 9903.89.63, and
as provided by their associated subchapter notes, shall not apply to articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland,
Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, or Sweden
that are entered on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on or after July 11, 2021.

21.

(a) For purposes of subheading 9903.19.23, the term ‘infant formula base powder’ means a dry mixture of protein, fat, and
carbohydrates that requires only the addition of vitamins and minerals in order to meet the definition of the term ‘infant formula’
in section 201(z) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321(z)). 1/

(b) The necessary proof that an import is a qualifying infant formula base powder under subheading 9903.19.23 shall be established
by a written notice from the Food and Drug Administration that the base powder shipment qualifies for importation under such
subheading.

(c) The duty-free treatment of infant formula base powder set forth in subheading 9903.19.23 shall apply only with respect to the
importation of an aggregate quantity not exceeding 2,600 metric tons of such infant formula base powder.

22.

[Note deleted.]

23.

[Note deleted.]

24.

[Note deleted.]

25.

[Note deleted.]

26.

[Note deleted.]

27.

[Note deleted.]

28.

[Note deleted.]

29.

1/ The note and related subheading expired at the close of Dec. 31, 2022.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 324
U.S. Notes (con.)

(a)

Heading 9903.89.01 imposes additional duties on imports of articles the product of Nicaragua, as provided in this note.
The additional duties apply to products of Nicaragua that are subject to the rates of duty provided for in column 1-general.
The additional duties do not apply to originating goods of Nicaragua under the Dominican Republic-Central America-United
States Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA-DR), as defined in general note 29 to the HTSUS. Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to
subchapter III of chapter 99 of the HTSUS, the articles of Nicaragua that are subject to the additional duties imposed by
heading 9903.89.01 shall also be subject to the additional duties imposed on articles the product of Nicaragua by heading
9903.02.47.

The additional duties imposed by heading 9903.89.01 do not apply to goods for which entry is properly claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60,
and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the additional duties apply to the value
of repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80,
the additional duties apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of the United States, as described
in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of Nicaragua that are provided for in heading 9903.89.01 shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing,
or other duties, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products.

(b)

The additional rates of duty that apply to articles the product of Nicaragua under column 1-general of heading 9903.89.01
shall be phased in as follows:

If entered during the period from January 1, 2026, though December 31, 2026, ........ 0%

If entered during the period from January 1, 2027, though December 31, 2027, ...... 10%

If entered on or after January 1, 2028, ....................................................................... 15%

30.

(a) For the purposes of heading 9903.90.08, articles that are the product of the Russian Federation, as provided for in
subdivisions (a) and (b) of this note, shall be subject to a 35 percent ad valorem rate of duty in lieu of the rates of duty provided
for such articles in column 2 of the HTSUS in chapters 1 to 97. All articles that are the product of the Russian Federation that
are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 30(b) to subchapter III of chapter 99 are subject to the 35 percent
ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.90.08.

As provided in U.S. note 1 to subchapter III of chapter 99, articles that are the product of the Russian Federation that are classified
in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 30(b) to subchapter III of chapter 99 are subject to a 35 percent ad valorem rate of
duty under heading 9903.90.08 in lieu of the rates of duty provided therefor in column 2 of the HTSUS in chapters 1 to 97.

The duties imposed by heading 9903.90.08 do not apply to goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 of
the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, and heading 9802.00.80.
For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the duties imposed by heading 9903.90.08 apply to the value of
repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the
duties imposed by heading 9903.90.08 apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of the United States,
as described in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of the Russian Federation that are provided for in heading 9903.90.08 and classified in one of the subheadings enumerated
in U.S. note 30(b) to subchapter III of chapter 99 shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing, or other duties, fees,
exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the 35 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading
9903.90.08.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 325

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

Heading 9903.90.08 applies to all products of the Russian Federation that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings:
[Compiler's note: List may appear or continue on a subsequent page; blank cells reflect proclaimed deletions of subheading
numbers.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 326
U.S. Notes (con.)

2501.00.00
2512.00.00
2514.00.00
2519.90.50
2530.90.80
2601.12.00
2615.10.00
2703.00.00
2803;00.00
2804.90.00
2805.12.00
2807.00.00
2811.21.00
2811.29.10
2812.19.00
2812.90.00
2815.11.00
2816.10.00
2817.00.00
2818.10.10
2818.10.20
2825.60.00
2825.70.00
2825.90.15
2825.90.90
2826.19.90
2827.20.00
2827.31.00
2827.32.00
2827.35.00
2827.39.25
2827.39.45
2827.39.55
2827.39.60
2827.39.65
2827.39.90
2827.49.50
2827.59.25
2827.59.51
2827.60.10
2827.60.51
2833.29.51
2834.29.10
2834.29.20
2834.29.51
2835.22.00
2835.31.00
2836.20.00
2836.60.00
2836.99.50
2837.19.01
2840.20.00
2841.90.50
2842.90.90
2843.90.00
2846.90.20
2846.90.40
2846.90.80
2849.20.20
2849.90.10
2849.90.20
2850.00.50
2853.90.50
2853.90.90
2901.10.10
2901.22.00

4901.91.00
4901.99.00
4902.10.00
4902.90.10
4902.90.20

4903.00.00

4904.00.00
4906.00.00
4907.00.00
4908.90.00
4909.00.20
4910.00.20

4911.10.00
4911.91.10
4911.91.40
5205.13.20
5903.10.20
5910.00.90
6216.00.13
6216.00.38
6301.30.00
6302.10.00
6302.21.90
6302.31.90
6302.51.10
6403.19.70
6403.59.90
6403.91.60
6403.91.90
6403.99.90
6405.10.00
6406.90.60
6506.10.60
6703.00.30
6802.21.50
6802.91.05

6803.00.10
6803.00.50
6804.10.00
6804.21.00
6804.22.60
6804.23.00
6804.30.00
6805.30.10
6805.30.50
6806.10.00
6806.20.00
6807.10.00

6810.99.00
6811.82.00
6815.99.41
6903.20.00
6903.90.00
6912.00.10
6913.10.10
7010.90.50

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 327

U.S. Notes (con.)

7102.21.10
7102.21.30
7102.21.40
7102.29.00
7103.10.20
7103.91.00
7103.99.10
7104.91.10
7104.99.10
7105.10.00
7105.90.00
7106.91.10
7106.92.10
7108.13.55
7110.11.00
7110.19.00
7110.29.00
7110.31.00
7110.39.00
7110.41.00
7110.49.00
7115.90.05
7118.10.00
7118.90.00

7502.10.00
7502.20.00
7504.00.00
7506.20.30

2901.29.10

2901.29.50
2902.19.00
2902.20.00
2902.30.00
2902.70.00
2903.12.00
2903.41.10
2903.42.10
2903.43.10
2903.44.10

2903.45.10
2903.46.10
2903.47.10
2903.48.00
2903.49.00
2903.51.10
2903.59.10
2903.59.90
2903.69.90
2903.78.00
2903.79.90
2903.89.70
2905.19.90
2905.41.00
2905.42.00
2914.19.00
2914.79.90
2915.29.50
2915.39.90
2915.40.50
2915.50.10
2915.70.01
2915.90.18
2915.90.50
2916.11.00
2916.12.50
2916.14.20
2916.19.30
2918.13.50
2919.90.50
2921.11.00
2921.19.61
2923.20.20
2925.29.90
2926.90.50
2929.90.50
2930.10.01
2930.90.30
2930.90.92
2931.10.00
2931.44.00
2931.48.00
2931.49.00
2931.51.00
2931.52.00

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 328
U.S. Notes (con.)

2931.53.00
2931.54.00
2931.59.00
2931.90.90
2932.19.51
2932.99.90
2933.79.85
2942.00.50
3201.10.00
3209.10.00
3214.90.10
3215.90.50
3401.11.50
3401.20.00
3401.30.50
3402.49.90
3402.50.51
3402.90.50
3403.99.00
3404.90.51
3405.90.00
3406.00.00
3506.91.50
3506.99.00
3507.90.70
3603.30.00
3603.40.00
3603.50.00
3603.60.00
3701.30.00
3701.91.00
3702.31.01
3703.90.30
3801.20.00
3804.00.50
3811.29.00
3815.19.00
3818.00.00
3824.40.50
3824.99.11
3902.10.00
3902.20.10
3904.61.00
3904.69.10
3904.69.50
3906.90.50
3907.21.00
3907.29.00
3910.00.00
3917.29.00
3917.32.00
3917.33.00
3917.39.00
3920.10.00
3920.20.00
3920.62.00
3920.91.00
3920.92.00
3921.13.50
3924.90.10
3926.20.90
3926.90.30
3926.90.40
3926.90.45
3926.90.60
3926.90.96

8205.59.30
8207.20.00
8208.90.60
8302.30.30
8305.20.00
8406.90.75
8408.20.10
8408.90.10
8412.21.00
8412.29.80
8412.31.00
8412.39.00
8412.90.90
8421.11.00
8442.50.10
8443.91.10
8443.91.30
8455.30.00
8455.90.80
8456.11.10
8458.11.00
8459.39.00
8459.61.00
8460.39.00
8460.90.80
8462.11.00
8462.19.00
8462.22.00
8462.23.00
8462.24.00
8462.25.00
8462.26.00
8462.29.00
8462.61.80
8462.62.50
8462.63.80
8462.69.80
8462.90.80
8463.10.00
8466.93.15
8467.11.10
8467.99.01
8483.10.50
8483.40.10
8483.40.50
8483.40.90
8483.90.50
8512.20.20
8523.49.20
8539.10.00
8539.31.00
8539.32.00
8541.41.00
8544.30.00
8546.90.00
8607.19.12
8609.00.00
8701.10.01
8701.94.50
8701.95.10
8703.10.50
8703.21.01
8703.23.01

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 329

U.S. Notes (con.)

4001.22.00
4002.19.00
4002.20.00
4002.31.00
4002.39.00

4002.59.00
4003.00.00
4005.91.00
4005.99.00
4008.11.10
4009.12.00
4009.22.00
4009.31.00
4009.32.00
4009.42.00
4010.11.00
4010.31.30
4010.31.60
4011.10.10
4011.10.50
4011.20.10
4011.30.00
4011.40.00
4011.70.00
4011.80.20
4011.90.10
4012.11.80
4012.20.60
4012.20.80
4012.90.10
4013.90.10
4015.90.00
4016.93.10
4016.93.50
4016.95.00
4202.29.20
4203.29.50
4302.19.30
4401.31.00
4401.32.00
4401.39.42
4404.20.00
4407.11.00
4407.12.00
4407.13.00
4407.19.00
4407.23.01
4407.29.02
4407.91.00
4407.96.00
4408.10.01
4408.90.01
4409.10.10
4409.10.20
4409.10.40
4409.10.90
4409.22.10
4409.22.40
4409.29.26
4409.29.61
4409.29.91
4411.14.10
4411.14.60
4411.92.10
4414.10.00

8703.24.01
8704.31.01
8704.51.00
8706.00.15
8707.10.00
8708.10.30
8708.10.60
8708.29.15
8708.29.25
8708.29.51
8708.30.50
8708.40.11
8708.40.30
8708.40.50
8708.40.65
8708.40.70
8708.40.75
8708.50.99
8708.70.60
8708.80.16
8708.80.65
8708.91.75
8708.92.10
8708.92.50
8708.92.75
8708.94.75
8708.99.41
8708.99.48
8708.99.68
8708.99.81
8711.30.00
8711.40.60
8711.90.01
8714.10.00
8714.92.10
8714.99.80
8716.80.10
8802.20.01
8806.10.00
8806.21.00
8806.22.00
8806.23.00
8806.24.00
8806.29.00
8806.91.00
8806.92.00
8806.93.00
8806.94.00
8806.99.00
8807.10.00
8807.20.00
8807.30.00
8807.90.90
8903.11.00
8903.12.00
8903.19.00
8903.31.00
8903.32.00
8903.33.00
8903.93.90
8903.99.91
9002.20.40
9006.91.00
9007.91.40
9008.90.80
9014.20.80

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 330
U.S. Notes (con.)

4414.90.00
4415.10.90
4418.21.80
4418.29.80
4418.40.00
4418.74.10
4418.81.00
4418.82.00
4418.83.00
4418.89.00
4418.92.00
4418.99.91
4419.20.90
4419.90.91
4420.11.00
4420.19.00
4420.90.45
4420.90.65
4420.90.80
4421.20.10
4421.20.20
4421.91.94
4421.91.98
4421.99.10
4421.99.60
4421.99.70
4421.99.93
4421.99.94
4421.99.98
4802.20.20
4804.19.00
4804.21.00
4805.11.00
4805.19.10
4805.19.20
4805.25.00
4805.92.40
4806.10.00
4811.59.40
4814.90.02
4820.10.20
4821.10.20
4823.70.00
4901.10.00

9014.80.50
9023.00.00
9304.00.40
9305.20.80
9306.21.00
9306.30.41
9401.20.00
9401.91.15
9401.99.10
9403.50.60
9403.70.80
9403.91.00
9403.99.10
9403.99.40
9404.40.10
9404.90.81
9406.10.00
9504.40.00
9505.10.15
9505.10.25
9505.90.60
9506.11.20
9506.99.25
9603.10.90
9701.21.00
9701.22.00
9701.29.00
9701.91.00
9701.92.00
9701.99.00
9702.10.00
9702.90.00
9703.10.00
9703.90.00
9704.00.00
9705.10.00
9705.21.00
9705.22.00
9705.29.00
9705.31.00
9705.39.00
9706.10.00
9706.90.00

(c)

For the purposes of heading 9903.90.09, articles that are the product of the Russian Federation, as provided for in
subdivisions (c) and (d) of this note, shall be subject to a 70 percent ad valorem rate of duty in lieu of the rates of duty
provided for such articles in column 2 of the HTSUS in chapters 1 to 97. All articles that are the product of the Russian
Federation that are classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 30(d) to subchapter III of chapter 99 are subject
to the 70 percent ad valorem rate of duty imposed by heading 9903.90.09.

As provided in U.S. note 1 to subchapter III of chapter 99, articles that are the product of the Russian Federation that are
classified in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 30(d) to subchapter III of chapter 99 are subject to a 70 percent ad
valorem rate of duty under heading 9903.90.09 in lieu of the rates of duty provided therefor in column 2 of the HTSUS in
chapters 1 to 97.

The duties imposed by heading 9903.90.09 do not apply to goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98
of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, and heading 9802.00.80.
For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, the duties imposed by heading 9903.90.09 apply to the value of
repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable subheading. For heading 9802.00.80,
the duties imposed by heading 9903.90.09 apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such products of the
United States, as described in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of the Russian Federation that are provided for in heading 9903.90.09 and classified in one of the subheadings
enumerated in U.S. note 30(d) to subchapter III of chapter 99 shall continue to be subject to antidumping, countervailing, or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 331

U.S. Notes (con.)

other duties, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the 70 percent ad valorem rate of duty
imposed by heading 9903.90.09.

(d)

Heading 9903.90.09 applies to all products of the Russian Federation that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings:

7201.10.00
7202.11.50
7202.21.10
7202.29.00
7202.30.00
7202.41.00
7202.49.10
7202.70.00
7202.92.00
7203.10.00
7204.21.00
7204.29.00
7204.49.00
7205.29.00
7207.12.00
7208.10.30
7208.10.60
7208.25.30
7208.36.00
7208.37.00
7208.38.00
7208.39.00
7208.40.30
7208.40.60
7208.51.00
7208.52.00
7208.53.00
7208.54.00
7208.90.00
7209.16.00
7209.17.00
7209.18.60
7210.41.00
7210.49.00
7210.61.00
7210.69.00
7210.70.60
7212.40.10
7212.40.50
7213.10.00
7214.20.00
7214.99.00
7216.69.00

7216.91.00
7217.10.60
7217,10.90
7217.20.30
7222.30.00
7224.90.00
7225.11.00
7225.19.00
7226.11.10
7226.11.90
7226.19.90
7228.40.00
7228.50.10
7228.50.50
7228.60.80
7304.19.10
7304.24.40
7304.29.10
7304.29.20
7304.29.31
7304.29.41
7304.29.50
7304.31.60
7304.39.00
7305.11.10
7305.12.10
7306.29.20
7306.29.60
7306.30.50
7307.99.10
7308.90.30
7308.90.60
7310.10.00
7310.29.00
7311.00.00
7314.41.00
7318.15.20
7318.15.40
7318.16.00
7318.22.00
7325.10.00
7403.11.00
7408.11.60

7408.19.00
7409.21.00
7410.22.00
7601.10.30
7601.10.60
7601.20.30
7601.20.60
7601.20.90
7604.10.30
7604.10.50
7604.21.00
7604.29.30
7604.29.50
7605.11.00
7605.19.00
7605.21.00
7605.29.00
7606.11.30
7606.11.60
7606.12.30
7606.12.60
7606.91.30
7606.91.60
7606.92.30
7606.92.60
7607.11.90
7607.19.60
7607.20.10
7607.20.50
7612.90.50
7613.00.00
7801.10.00
7801.99.90
8108.20.00
8108.30.00
8112.31.00
8112.41.10
8112.92.07
8112.92.10
8112.92.30
8112.92.40

31. (a)

As provided in headings 9903.91.01, 9903.91.02, 9903.91.03, 9903.91.04, 9903.91.05, 9903.91.06, 9903.91.07, 9903.91.08,
9903.91.11, 9903.91.12 and 9903.91.14 and subheading 9903.92.10, products of China shall be subject to additional ad
valorem rates of duty, as provided for in this note. The products of China that are subject to additional ad valorem rates
of duty in accordance with this note are products of China that are classified in the subheadings, or described in the
statistical reporting numbers, enumerated in this note.

Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, all products of China that are subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty
imposed by headings 9903.91.01, 9903.91.02, 9903.91.03, 9903.91.04, 9903.91.05, 9903.91.06, 9903.91.07, 9903.91.08,
9903.91.11, 9903.91.12 and 9903.91.14 and subheading 9903.92.10, shall also be subject to the general rates of duty
imposed on products of China classified in the subheadings, or described in the statistical reporting numbers, enumerated
in this note.

Products of China that are classified in the subheadings, or described in the statistical reporting numbers, enumerated in this
note that are eligible for special tariff treatment under general note 3(c)(i) to the HTSUS, or that are eligible for temporary
duty exemptions or reductions under subchapter II to chapter 99, shall be subject to the additional ad valorem rate of duty

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 332
U.S. Notes (con.)

imposed by headings 9903.91.01, 9903.91.02, 9903.91.03, 9903.91.04, 9903.91.05, 9903.91.06, 9903.91.07, 9903.91.08,
9903.91.11, 9903.91.12 and 9903.91.14 and subheading 9903.92.10.

The additional duties imposed by headings 9903.91.01, 9903.91.02, 9903.91.03, 9903.91.04, 9903.91.05, 9903.91.06,
9903.91.07, 9903.91.08, 9903.91.11, 9903.91.12 and 9903.91.14 and subheading 9903.92.10, do not apply to goods for
which entry is properly claimed under a provision of chapter 98 of the HTSUS, except for goods entered under subheadings
9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60, and heading 9802.00.80. For subheadings 9802.00.40, 9802.00.50, and 9802.00.60,
the additional duties apply to the value of repairs, alterations, or processing performed abroad, as described in the applicable
subheading. For heading 9802.00.80, the additional duties apply to the value of the article less the cost or value of such
products of the United States, as described in heading 9802.00.80.

Products of China that are provided for in headings 9903.91.01, 9903.91.02, 9903.91.03, 9903.91.04, 9903.91.05, 9903.91.06,
9903.91.07, 9903.91.08, 9903.91.11, 9903.91.12 and 9903.91.14 and subheading 9903.92.10 and classified in one of the
subheadings, or described in the statistical reporting numbers, enumerated in this note shall continue to be subject to
antidumping, countervailing, or other duties, fees, exactions and charges that apply to such products, as well as to the
additional ad valorem rate of duty imposed by headings 9903.91.01, 9903.91.02, 9903.91.03, 9903.91.04, 9903.91.05,
9903.91.06, 9903.91.07, 9903.91.08, 9903.91.11, 9903.91.12 and 9903.91.14 and subheading 9903.92.10.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 333

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

Heading 9903.91.01 applies to products of China that are classified in the 8-digit subheadings, or described in the 10-digit
statistical reporting numbers, enumerated in this subdivision, effective with respect to goods entered for consumption, or
withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on September 27, 2024:
[Compiler's note: Numbers (1) through (4) have been deleted. See 89 Fed. Reg. 76581. HTS subheadings were
numbered in the implementing notice as numbers (5) through (352), inclusive, but are not numbered herein for
technical reasons. Numbers are listed from left to right rather than vertically.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 334
U.S. Notes (con.)

2602.00.00
2610.00.00
2844.41.00
2849.90.30
7206.10.00
7207.19.00
7208.10.60
7208.27.00
7208.39.00
7208.52.00
7209.15.00
7209.18.25
7209.27.00
7210.12.00
7210.49.00
7210.70.30
7210.90.90
7211.19.20
7211.19.75
7211.23.45
7211.29.60
7212.30.10
7212.40.50
7213.20.00
7213.99.00
7214.99.00
7215.90.30
7216.22.00
7216.40.00
7217.10.20
7217.10.70
7217.20.30
7217.30.15
7217.90.10
7218.99.00
7219.14.00
7219.24.00
7219.34.00
7220.12.50
7220.20.80
7222.19.00
7222.40.60
7224.10.00
7225.30.11
7225.40.11
7225.50.11
7225.91.00
7226.11.90
7226.91.05
7226.91.70
7226.92.50
7227.10.00
7227.90.60
7228.30.60
7228.50.50
7228.70.30
7229.90.50
7302.10.50
7304.11.00
7304.23.30
7304.24.60
7304.29.41
7304.31.60
7304.51.50
7304.59.80
7305.11.50

2605.00.00
2611.00.60
2844.42.00
7202.60.00
7206.90.00
7207.20.00
7208.25.30
7208.36.00
7208.40.30
7208.53.00
7209.16.00
7209.18.60
7209.28.00
7210.20.00
7210.50.00
7210.70.60
7211.13.00
7211.19.30
7211.23.15
7211.23.60
7211.90.00
7212.30.30
7212.50.00
7213.91.30
7214.20.00
7215.10.00
7215.90.50
7216.31.00
7216.50.00
7217.10.30
7217.10.80
7217.20.45
7217.30.30
7217.90.50
7219.11.00
7219.21.00
7219.31.00
7219.35.00
7220.20.10
7220.90.00
7222.20.00
7223.00.10
7224.90.00
7225.30.30
7225.40.30
7225.50.60
7225.92.00
7226.19.10
7226.91.15
7226.91.80
7226.92.70
7227.20.00
7228.20.10
7228.30.80
7228.60.10
7228.70.60
7229.90.90
7302.40.00
7304.19.10
7304.23.60
7304.29.10
7304.29.50
7304.39.00
7304.59.10
7304.90.10
7305.12.10

2606.00.00
2825.90.30
2844.43.00
7202.93.40
7207.11.00
7208.10.15
7208.25.60
7208.37.00
7208.40.60
7208.54.00
7209.17.00
7209.25.00
7209.90.00
7210.30.00
7210.61.00
7210.90.10
7211.14.00
7211.19.45
7211.23.20
7211.29.20
7212.10.00
7212.30.50
7212.60.00
7213.91.45
7214.30.00
7215.50.00
7216.10.00
7216.32.00
7216.99.00
7217.10.50
7217.10.90
7217.20.60
7217.30.60
7218.10.00
7219.12.00
7219.22.00
7219.32.00
7219.90.00
7220.20.60
7221.00.00
7222.30.00
7223.00.50
7225.11.00
7225.30.51
7225.40.51
7225.50.70
7225.99.00
7226.19.90
7226.91.25
7226.92.10
7226.92.80
7227.90.10
7228.20.50
7228.40.00
7228.60.60
7229.20.00
7301.10.00
7302.90.10
7304.19.50
7304.24.30
7304.29.20
7304.29.61
7304.49.00
7304.59.20
7304.90.70
7305.12.50

2608.00.00
2841.80.00
2844.44.00
7202.93.80
7207.12.00
7208.10.30
7208.26.00
7208.38.00
7208.51.00
7208.90.00
7209.18.15
7209.26.00
7210.11.00
7210.41.00
7210.69.00
7210.90.60
7211.19.15
7211.19.60
7211.23.30
7211.29.45
7212.20.00
7212.40.10
7213.10.00
7213.91.60
7214.91.00
7215.90.10
7216.21.00
7216.33.00
7217.10.10
7217.10.60
7217.20.15
7217.20.75
7217.30.75
7218.91.00
7219.13.00
7219.23.00
7219.33.00
7220.12.10
7220.20.70
7222.11.00
7222.40.30
7223.00.90
7225.19.00
7225.30.70
7225.40.70
7225.50.80
7226.11.10
7226.20.00
7226.91.50
7226.92.30
7226.99.01
7227.90.20
7228.30.40
7228.50.10
7228.60.80
7229.90.10
7302.10.10
7302.90.90
7304.22.00
7304.24.40
7304.29.31
7304.31.30
7304.51.10
7304.59.60
7305.11.10
7305.19.10

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 335

U.S. Notes (con.)

7305.19.50
7305.20.80
7305.39.10
7306.11.00
7306.21.40
7306.29.31
7306.30.10
7306.40.50
7306.61.10
7306.69.10
7306.90.50
7601.20.60
7604.10.50
7604.29.50
7605.29.00
7606.12.60
7606.92.60
7607.19.60
7609.00.00
7901.20.00
8103.20.00

7305.20.20
7305.31.20
7305.39.50
7306.19.10
7306.21.80
7306.29.41
7306.30.30
7306.50.10
7306.61.30
7306.69.30
7601.10.30
7601.20.90
7604.21.00
7605.11.00
7606.11.30
7606.91.30
7607.11.30
7607.20.10
7901.11.00
8001.10.00
8112.21.00

7305.20.40
7305.31.40
7305.90.10
7306.19.51
7306.29.10
7306.29.60
7306.30.50
7306.50.30
7306.61.50
7306.69.70
7601.10.60
7604.10.10
7604.29.10
7605.19.00
7606.11.60
7606.91.60
7607.11.60
7608.10.00
7901.12.10
8001.20.00
8112.92.30

7305.20.60
7305.31.60
7305.90.50
7306.21.30
7306.29.20
7306.29.81
7306.40.10
7306.50.50
7306.61.70
7306.90.10
7601.20.30
7604.10.30
7604.29.30
7605.21.00
7606.12.30
7606.92.30
7607.11.90
7608.20.00
7901.12.50
8101.10.00
8507.90.40

(c)

Heading 9903.91.02 applies to products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings, effective with
respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern
daylight time on September 27, 2024:

(1)

(2)

8541.42.00

8541.43.00

(d)

Heading 9903.91.03 applies to products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings, effective with
respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern
daylight time on September 27, 2024:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

8702.40.31

8702.40.61

8702.90.31

8702.90.61

8703.60.00

8703.70.00

8703.80.00

8703.90.01

9018.31.00

(10)

9018.32.00

Heading 9903.91.04 applies to facemasks of textiles, disposable, of China, described in statistical reporting number
6307.90.9870, effective with respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption,
on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern standard time on January 1, 2025, and before January 1, 2026.

(e)

(f)

(i)

Heading 9903.91.05 applies to products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings, effective with
respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m.
eastern standard time on January 1, 2025:

(1)

2804.61.00

XXII
99 - III - 336
U.S. Notes (con.)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

3818.00.00

[Compiler’s note: Deleted. See 89 Fed. Reg. 101682]

8541.10.00

8541.21.00

8541.29.00

8541.30.00

8541.49.10

8541.49.70

(10)

8541.49.80

(11)

8541.49.95

(12)

8541.51.00

(13)

8541.59.00

(14)

8541.90.00

(15)

8542.31.00

(16)

8542.32.00

(17)

8542.33.00

(18)

8542.39.00

(19)

8542.90.00

(ii)

The additional rate of duty under heading 9903.91.05 shall be increased on June 23, 2027. The U.S. Trade
Representative will announce the amount of the increase in a Federal Register notice that is issued at least 30 days
prior to that date.

(g)

Heading 9903.91.06 applies to products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings, effective with
respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern
standard time on January 1, 2026:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(h)

2504.10.10

2504.10.50

2504.90.00

8505.11.00

8507.60.00

Heading 9903.91.07 applies to products of China that are described in the following 10-digit statistical reporting numbers,
effective with respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01
a.m. eastern standard time on January 1, 2026:

N95 respirators of textiles, described in statistical reporting numbers 6307.90.9842 or 6307.90.9844

Respirators of textiles, other than N95 respirators, described in statistical reporting number 6307.90.9850

Face masks of textiles, described in statistical reporting numbers 6307.90.9870 or 6307.90.9875

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 337

U.S. Notes (con.)

(i)

(j)

(k)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(i)

Heading 9903.91.08 applies to products of China classified in 8-digit subheading 4015.12.10, effective with respect to
goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern standard
time on January 1, 2026.

Heading 9903.91.11 applies to products of China that are classified in the following 8-digit subheadings, effective with
respect to goods entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern
daylight time on January 1, 2025:

8101.94.00

8101.99.10

8101.99.80

Heading 9903.91.12 applies to intermodal chassis, subassemblies thereof, and parts thereof, of China, provided for
in statistical reporting number 8716.39.0090 or in subheadings 8716.90.30 or 8716.90.50. For purposes of heading
9903.91.12, intermodal chassis, subassemblies thereof, and parts thereof are described as follows:

The articles consist of chassis and subassemblies thereof, whether finished or unfinished, whether assembled or
unassembled, whether coated or uncoated, regardless of the number of axles, for carriage of containers, or other payloads
(including self-supporting payloads) for road, marine and/or rail transport. Chassis are typically, but are not limited to,
rectangular framed trailers with a suspension and axle system, wheels and tires, brakes, a lighting and electrical system,
a coupling for towing behind a truck tractor, and a locking system or systems to secure the shipping container or containers
to the chassis using twist-locks, slide pins or similar attachment devices to engage the corner fittings on the container
or other payload.

The articles include, but are not limited to, the following subassemblies:

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

Chassis frames, or sections of chassis frames, including kingpin assemblies, bolsters consisting of transverse
beams with locking or support mechanisms, goosenecks, drop assemblies, extension mechanisms and/ or
rear impact guards;

Running gear assemblies or axle assemblies for connection to the chassis frame, whether fixed in nature or
capable of sliding fore and aft or lifting up and lowering down, which may or may not include suspension(s)
(mechanical or pneumatic), wheel end components, slack adjusters, axles, brake chambers, locking pins,
and tires and wheels;

Landing gear assemblies, for connection to the chassis frame, capable of supporting the chassis when it is
not engaged to a tractor; and

Assemblies that connect to the chassis frame or a section of the chassis frame, such as, but not limited to,
pintle hooks or B-trains (which include a fifth wheel), which are capable of connecting a chassis to a converter
dolly or another chassis. Importation of any of these subassemblies, whether assembled or unassembled,
constitutes an unfinished chassis for purposes of this note.

The articles also include chassis, whether finished or unfinished, entered with or for further assembly with components
such as, but not limited to: Hub and drum assemblies, brake assemblies (either drum or disc), axles, brake chambers,
suspensions and suspension components, wheel end components, landing gear legs, spoke or disc wheels, tires, brake
control systems, electrical harnesses and lighting systems.

(ii)

Heading 9903.91.13 applies to articles of China provided for in statistical reporting number 8716.39.0090, or subheadings
8716.90.30 or 8716.90.50, other than intermodal chassis, subassemblies thereof, and parts thereof, of China, provided
for in statistical reporting number 8716.39.0090 or in subheadings 8716.90.30 or 8716.90.50, which are subject to
the additional duties provided for in heading 9903.91.12.

(l)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 338
U.S. Notes (con.)

(i)

Heading 9903.91.14 applies to ship-to-shore gantry cranes, configured as a high- or low-profile steel superstructure
and designed to unload intermodal containers from vessels with coupling devices for containers, including spreaders
or twist-locks, provided for in subheading 8426.19.00, that are: (1) products of China; (2) products of countries other
than China that contain components, assemblies or subassemblies, of China, as specified in subdivision (l)(ii) of this
note; or (3) products that are manufactured by a company or other entity that is owned or controlled by a Chinese
person or legal entity.

Heading 9903.91.14 shall not apply to entries under headings 9903.91.09 (as long as it is operative), 9903.91.15 or
9903.91.16. Notwithstanding U.S. note 1 to this subchapter, products of China that are subject to the additional duties
imposed by heading 9903.91.14 shall also be subject to the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.92.10.

(ii)

A ship-to-shore gantry crane of a country other than China that contains one or more of the following components,
assemblies or subassemblies that are products of China shall be considered to be a ship-to-shore gantry crane of
China for purposes of heading 9903.91.14:

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(i)

(iii)

(iv)

the boom;

the trolley;

the spreader;

the cabin;

the legs;

the cable reel;

the power supply;

the bogie set and wheels; and

any information technology equipment used to operate or control the crane.

A ship-to-shore gantry crane that is manufactured by a company or other entity that is owned or controlled by a Chinese
person or legal entity shall be considered to be a ship-to-shore gantry crane of China for purposes of heading
9903.91.14.

For purposes of heading 9903.91.15, by claiming this heading, the importer attests that the ship-to-shore gantry
cranes: (1) are not products of China; (2) are not manufactured, assembled, or made using components, assemblies
or subassemblies that are products of China, as defined in subdivision (l)(ii) of this note; and (3) are not manufactured
by a company or other entity that is owned or controlled by a Chinese person or legal entity, as defined in subdivision
(l)(v) of this note.

(v)

For purposes of headings 9903.91.14 and 9903.91.15:

(a)

A “company or other entity that is owned or controlled by a Chinese person or legal entity” means:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

an entity or instrument of the People’s Republic of China, (including The Government of the People’s Republic
of China);

A natural person who is a citizen of the People’s Republic of China;

A partnership, association, corporation, organization, or other combination of persons organized under the
laws of or having its principal place of business in the People’s Republic of China;

An entity organized under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction that is subject to the ownership,
control, or direction of another entity that qualifies under subdivisions (v)(a)(1)–(3).

(5)

An entity is “subject to the ownership, control, or direction of” another entity if:

(A)

25 percent or more of the entity’s board seats, voting rights, or equity interest are cumulatively held by
that other entity, whether directly or indirectly via one or more intermediate entities; or

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 339

U.S. Notes (con.)

(B)

the entity has entered into a licensing arrangement or other contract with another entity (a contractor)
that entitles that other entity to exercise effective control over the manufacturing or assembly (collectively,
“production”) of a ship-to-shore gantry crane, its components, assemblies, subassemblies, or other
materials that would be attributed to the entity.

(b)

“The Government of the People’s Republic of China” means:

(1)

(2)

(3)

A national or subnational government of the People’s Republic of China;

An agency or instrumentality of a national or subnational government of the People’s Republic of China;

A dominant or ruling political party (e.g., Chinese Communist Party (CCP)) of the People’s Republic of China;
or

(4)

A current or former senior foreign political figure of the People’s Republic of China.

(c)

“Senior foreign political figure” means:

(1)

(2)

(3)

a senior official, either in the executive, legislative, administrative, military, or judicial branches of the People’s
Republic of China (whether elected or not);

a senior official of a dominant or ruling foreign political party (e.g., CCP); or

an immediate family member (spouse, parent, sibling, child, or a spouse’s parent and sibling) of any individual
described in (v)(c)(1) or (v)(c)(2).

In order to be considered “senior,” an official should be or have been in a position of substantial authority over policy,
operations, or the use of government-owned resources.

(d)

For purposes of determining whether an entity indirectly holds board seats, voting rights, or equity interest in a
tiered ownership structure:

(1)

(2)

If a “parent” entity that qualifies under subdivisions (v)(a)(1)–(3) directly holds 50 percent or more of a
“subsidiary” entity’s board seats, voting rights, or equity interest, then the parent and subsidiary are treated
as equivalent in the evaluation of control, as if the subsidiary were an extension of the parent. As such, any
holdings of the subsidiary are fully attributed to the parent.

If a “parent” entity that qualifies under subdivisions (v)(a)(1)–(3) directly holds less than 50 percent of a
“subsidiary” entity’s board seats, voting rights, or equity interest, then indirect ownership is attributed
proportionately.

(e)

For purposes of determining whether an entity has effective control, an entity that qualifies under subdivisions
(v)(a)(1)–(3) that has a contractual relationship to determine the quantity or timing of production; to determine
which entities may purchase or use the output of production; to restrict access to the site of production to the
contractor’s own personnel; or the exclusive right to maintain, repair, or operate equipment that is critical to
production, is deemed to have effective control over an entity.

32.

Action Applicable to Imports of Fine Denier Polyester Staple Fiber. [Compiler's note: text of note may appear on following
page.]

(a)

For the purposes of subheading 9903.55.01 of this subchapter, the maximum annual aggregate quantity of all fine denier
PSF products as defined in paragraph (c) below, that are admitted into the United States temporarily free of duty under
bond and entered under statistical reporting number 9813.00.0520, when such goods are not the product of a country
subject to exclusion as defined in paragraph (b), in any of the periods enumerated below shall be as follows:

If entered during the period from November 23, 2024, through November 22, 2025 ............ 0 kilograms

If entered during the period from November 23, 2025, through November 22, 2026 ............ 453,592 kilograms

If entered during the period from November 23, 2026, through November 22, 2027 ............ 907,185 kilograms

If entered during the period from November 23, 2027, through November 22, 2028 ............ 1,360,777 kilograms

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 340
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

For the purposes of this note and the application of subheading 9903.55.01, the following countries shall not be subject
to the quantitative restriction for goods admitted into the United States temporarily free of duty under bond which are
entered under statistical reporting number 9813.00.0520 provided for herein:

(i)

(ii)

Canada and Mexico;

Australia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Colombia, Israel, Panama,
Peru, and Singapore;

(iii)

The following developing countries:

Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Angola, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Hercegovina,
Botswana, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Burma, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chad,
Comoros, Congo (Brazzaville), Congo (Kinshasa), Côte d'Ivoire, Djibouti, Dominica, Ecuador, Egypt, Eritrea, Eswatini,
Ethiopia, Fiji, Gabon, The Gambia, Georgia, Ghana, Grenada, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana, Haiti, Iraq, Jamaica,
Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kiribati, Kosovo, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Maldives,
Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Moldova, Mongolia, Montenegro, Mozambique, Namibia, Nepal, Niger, Nigeria, North
Macedonia, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Philippines, Rwanda, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines,
Samoa, Sao Tomé and Principe, Senegal, Serbia, Sierra Leone, Solomon Islands, Somalia, South Africa, South Sudan,
Sri Lanka, Suriname, Tanzania, Timor-Leste, Togo, Tonga, Tunisia, Tuvalu, Uganda, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu,
Yemen (Republic of), Zambia and Zimbabwe; and

(iv)

The following Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act beneficiary countries and territories:

Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, British Virgin Islands, Curaçao, Dominica, Grenada,
Guyana, Haiti, Jamaica, Montserrat, St. Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Trinidad
and Tobago.

(c)

Scope.

(i)

For the purposes of subheading 9903.55.01 of this subchapter, the term "fine denier polyester staple fiber" ("fine
denier PSF") means fine denier polyester staple fiber, not carded or combed, measuring less than 3.3 decitex (3
denier) in diameter, whether coated or uncoated. The scope covers products classifiable in subheading 5503.20.00
and described in statistical reporting number 5503.20.0025 or 9813.00.0520.

(ii)

Subheading 9903.55.01 shall not cover—

(1)

(2)

PSF equal to or greater than 3.3 decitex (more than 3 denier, inclusive) currently classifiable under HTS subheading
5503.20.00 and described in statistical reporting numbers 5503.20.0045 and 5503.20.0065; and

Low-melt PSF defined as a bi-component polyester fiber having a polyester fiber component that melts at a lower
temperature than the other polyester fiber component, which is currently classifiable in HTS statistical reporting
number 5503.20.0015.

33. (a)

Except as provided for in headings 9903.94.02, 9903.94.03, 9903.94.04, 9903.94.31, 9903.94.40, 9903.94.41, 9903.94.50,
9903.94.51, 9903.94.60, and 9903.94.61, heading 9903.94.01 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment applicable
to all entries of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans)
and light trucks (hereinafter, automobiles) from all countries classifiable in the headings or subheadings enumerated in
subdivision (b) of this note.

Except as provided for in subdivision (d) to this note, for any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under
any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided
in heading 9903.94.01 shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate
tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional
duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and
Border Protection (“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the
full value of the imported article. Except as provided in headings 9903.94.31, 9903.94.40, 9903.94.41, 9903.94.50, 9903.94.51,
9903.94.60, and 9903.94.61, no claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the passenger
vehicles and light trucks enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower
rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed
in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.94.01.
All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in heading 9903.94.01, except that entries of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility
vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and entries of light trucks shall not be subject to:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 341

U.S. Notes (con.)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under heading 9903.01.10; and

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading 9903.01.01.

(b)

The rates of duty set forth in headings 9903.94.01, 9903.94.02, 9903.94.03, 9903.94.04, 9903.94.40, 9903.94.41,
9903.94.50, 9903.94.51, 9903.94.60, 9903.94.61, and certain entries under 9903.94.31, apply to all imported products
classifiable in the provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in this subdivision:

8703.22.01
8703.31.01
8703.40.00
8703.70.00
8704.21.01
8704.51.00

8703.23.01
8703.32.01
8703.50.00
8703.80.00
8704.31.01
8704.60.00

8703.24.01
8703.33.01
8703.60.00
8703.90.01
8704.41.00

(c)

Heading 9903.94.02 applies to:

(i)

(ii)

(d)

all entries of articles classifiable under provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note, but that
are not passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and
light trucks; as well as

the U.S. content of passenger vehicles and light trucks described in subdivision (d) of this note, upon approval from
the Secretary of Commerce.

Heading 9903.94.03 applies to passenger vehicles and light trucks described in this subdivision, upon approval from the
Secretary of Commerce. For any passenger vehicle or light truck, as defined in subdivision (a) of this note, that is classified
in one of the subheadings of the HTSUS listed in subdivision (b) of this note and eligible for special tariff treatment under
the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), importers of such passenger vehicles or light trucks may submit
documentation to the Secretary of Commerce identifying the amount of U.S. content in each vehicle or light truck imported
into the United States. U.S. content refers to the value of the automobile attributable to parts wholly obtained, produced
entirely, or substantially transformed in the United States. Thereafter, the Secretary may approve imports of such passenger
vehicles or light trucks to be eligible to apply the 25% ad valorem rates of duty exclusively to the value of the non-U.S.
content of the vehicle or light truck. The non-U.S. content of the vehicle or light truck shall be calculated by subtracting
the value of the U.S. content in a vehicle or light truck from the total value of the vehicle or light truck.

Any importer entering the passenger vehicle or light truck covered by this note under headings 9903.94.03 shall provide any
information that may be required, and in such form, as is deemed necessary by CBP in order to permit the administration of
this heading.

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the
imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the passenger vehicles or light
trucks enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or
provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any
provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.94.03.
All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in heading 9903.94.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 342
U.S. Notes (con.)

(e)

(f)

Heading 9903.94.04 applies to all entries of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles,
minivans, and cargo vans) and light trucks from all countries classifiable in the headings or subheadings enumerated in
subdivision (b) of this note that were manufactured in a year at least 25 years prior to the year of the date of entry.

Except as provided for in heading 9903.94.06, 9903.94.32, 9903.94.42, 9903.94.43, 9903.94.52, 9903.94.53, 9903.94.62,
and 9903.94.63, headings 9903.94.05 and 9903.94.07 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment applicable to all
entries of automobile parts from all countries classifiable in the headings or subheadings enumerated in subdivision (g)
of this note or meeting the requirements of subdivision (p) of this note. Automobile parts, for this purpose, include engines
and engine parts, transmissions and powertrain parts, electrical components, and parts of passenger vehicles (sedans,
sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans and cargo vans) and light trucks classified under the HTSUS
provisions enumerated in subdivision (g) of this note or meeting the requirements of subdivision (p) of this note.

Except as provided for in subdivision (h) to this note, for any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under
any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided
in headings 9903.94.05 and 9903.94.07 shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under
the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to
the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S.
Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed
based upon the full value of the imported article. Except as provided in headings 9903.94.32, 9903.94.42, 9903.94.43,
9903.94.52, 9903.94.53, 9903.94.62, and 9903.94.63, no claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be
allowed for the automobile parts in subdivisions (g) or (p) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a
lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty
prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in
headings 9903.94.05 and 9903.94.07. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods
shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.05 and 9903.94.07, except that entries of parts of
passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and entries parts of
light trucks shall not be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under heading 9903.01.10;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading 9903.01.01; and

the additional duties imposed on entries of wood products under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 343

U.S. Notes (con.)

(g)

Subject to a manufacturer's import adjustment offset amount that may be determined by the Secretary of Commerce under
Proclamation 10925 of April 29, 2025 (90 FR 18899), the rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.94.05, 9903.94.42,
9903.94.43, 9903.94.52, 9903.94.53, 9903.94.62, and 9903.94.63 applies to parts of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport
utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and light trucks classifiable in the provisions of the
HTSUS enumerated in this subdivision:

4009.12.0020
4009.42.0020
4011.20.10
4012.20.60
4016.99.6010
7320.10
8302.10.30
8407.32
8408.20.20
8413.30.10
8413.91.9010
8414.59.6540
8421.23.00
8426.91.00
8482.10.10
8482.20.0020
8482.20.0061
8482.40.00
8483.10.30
8501.34
8501.52
8507.90.40
8511.20.00
8511.40.00
8511.80.60
8512.20.20
8512.40.20
8512.90.60
8525.60.1010
8536.41.0005
8539.10.0010
8706.00.03
8706.00.25
8707.10.0040
8707.90.5060
8708.10.60
8708.29
8708.40.70
8708.70
8708.93.60
8708.95
8708.99.58
9015.10
9401.20.00

4009.22.0020
4011.10.10
4012.19.40
4013.10.0010
7007.21.51
7320.20.10
8302.30
8407.33
8409.91.1040
8413.30.90
8414.30.8030
8414.80.05
8421.32.00
8431.10.0090
8482.10.5044
8482.20.0030
8482.20.0070
8482.50.00
8501.32
8501.40
8507.10
8507.90.80
8511.30.0040
8511.50.00
8511.90.6020
8512.20.40
8512.40.40
8512.90.70
8527.21
8537.10
8539.10.0050
8706.00.05
8707
8707.90.5020
8707.90.5080
8708.21.00
8708.30
8708.40.75
8708.80
8708.93.75
8708.99.53
8708.99.68
9029.10

4009.32.0020
4011.10.50
4012.19.80
4013.10.0020
7009.10.00
8301.20.00
8407.31.00
8407.34
8409.99.1040
8413.91.10
8414.59.30
8415.20.00
8425.49.00
8471
8482.10.5048
8482.20.0040
8482.20.0081
8483.10.1030
8501.33
8501.51
8507.60
8511.10.0000
8511.30.0080
8511.80.20
8511.90.6040
8512.30.00
8512.90.20
8519.81.20
8527.29
8537.20
8544.30.00
8706.00.15
8707.10.0020
8707.90.5040
8708.10.30
8708.22
8708.40.11
8708.50
8708.91
8708.94
8708.99.55
8716.90.50
9029.20.4080

(h)

Heading 9903.94.06 applies to all entries of articles classifiable under provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in subdivision
(g) of this note or meeting the requirements of subdivision (p) of this note

(i)

(ii)

that are eligible for special tariff treatment under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), other than
automobile knock-down kits or parts compilations; or

that are not parts of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo
vans) and light trucks.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 344
U.S. Notes (con.)

(i)

Heading 9903.94.31 sets forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for certain passenger vehicles that are products of
the United Kingdom that are classified under the following subheadings of 8703:

8703.22.01
8703.23.01
8703.24.01
8703.31.01

8703.32.01
8703.33.01
8703.40.00
8703.50.00

8703.60.00
8703.70.00
8703.80.00
8703.90.01

The aggregate annual import volume under heading 9903.94.31 for such products of the United Kingdom for calendar year
2025 shall be limited to 65,205 passenger vehicles.

Beginning on January 1, 2026, and annually thereafter, the aggregate annual import volume under heading 9903.94.31 for
such products of the United Kingdom shall be limited to 100,000 passenger vehicles per year. No shipments of such passenger
vehicles that are products of the United Kingdom shall be allowed to enter in an aggregate quantity under such heading
9903.94.31, during any of the periods January through March, April through June, July through September, or October through
December in any 12-month period that is in excess of 25,000 passenger vehicles, except to the extent of any unused quantity
carried forward from a prior quarter. U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall carry forward any unused quantity of such
passenger vehicles that are products of the United Kingdom from the first quarter of any calendar year to the third quarter of
such year, and shall carryforward any unused quantity from the second quarter of any calendar year to the fourth quarter of
such year. The 100,000 passenger vehicle per year tariff rate quota shall recommence on January 1 of each year. Articles
entered in excess of this quantity are subject to all applicable tariffs.

Any passenger vehicle, except those eligible for admission under “domestic status” as defined in 19 C.F.R. 146.43, that is
subject to the duty imposed by this subdivision and that is admitted into a United States foreign trade zone on or after the
effective date of the quota, must be admitted as “privileged foreign status” as defined in 19 C.F.R. 146.41, and will be subject
upon entry for consumption to the provisions of the tariff-rate quota in effect at the time of the entry for consumption.

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the
imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the passenger vehicles
enumerated in this subdivision under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free
treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this
subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.94.31. All antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty in
heading 9903.94.31. Entries of passenger vehicles and light trucks described in this subdivision shall not be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 345

U.S. Notes (con.)

(j)

Heading 9903.94.32 sets forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks that
are products of the United Kingdom classifiable in the following statistical reporting numbers of the HTSUS Annotated:
4009.12.0020; 4009.22.0020; 4009.32.0020; 4009.42.0020; 4011.10.1010; 4011.10.1020; 4011.10.1030; 4011.10.1040;
4011.10.1050; 4011.10.1060; 4011.10.1070; 4011.10.5000; 4011.20.1005; 4011.20.1015; 4012.19.8000; 4012.20.6000;
4013.10.0010; 4013.10.0020; 4016.99.6010; 7007.21.5100; 7009.10.0000; 7320.10.3000; 7320.10.6015; 7320.10.6060;
7320.10.9015; 7320.10.9060; 7320.20.1000; 8301.20.0030; 8301.20.0060; 8302.10.3000; 8302.30.3010; 8302.30.3060;
8302.30.6000; 8407.31.0080; 8407.32.2040; 8407.32.2080; 8407.32.9040; 8407.32.9080; 8407.33.3040; 8407.33.3080;
8407.33.6040; 8407.33.6080; 8407.33.9040; 8407.33.9080; 8407.34.0530; 8407.34.0560; 8407.34.0590; 8407.34.1400;
8407.34.1800; 8407.34.2500; 8407.34.3530; 8407.34.3590; 8407.34.4400; 8407.34.4800; 8407.34.5500; 8408.20.2000;
8409.91.1040; 8409.99.1040; 8413.30.1000; 8413.30.9030; 8413.30.9060; 8413.30.9090; 8413.91.1000; 8413.91.9010;
8414.30.8030; 8414.59.3000; 8414.59.6540; 8414.80.0500; 8415.20.0000; 8421.23.0000; 8421.32.0000; 8425.49.0000;
8426.91.0000; 8431.10.0090; 8482.10.1040; 8482.10.1080; 8482.10.5044; 8482.10.5048; 8482.20.0020; 8482.20.0030;
8482.20.0040; 8482.20.0061; 8482.20.0070; 8482.20.0081; 8482.40.0000; 8482.50.0000; 8483.10.1030; 8483.10.3010;
8483.10.3050; 8501.32.2000; 8501.32.4500; 8501.32.5520; 8501.32.5540; 8501.32.6100; 8501.33.2040; 8501.33.2080;
8501.33.3000; 8501.33.4040; 8501.33.4060; 8501.33.6100; 8501.34.3000; 8501.34.6100; 8501.40.2020; 8501.40.2040;
8501.40.4020; 8501.40.4040; 8501.40.5020; 8501.40.5040; 8501.40.6020; 8501.40.6040; 8501.51.2020; 8501.51.2040;
8501.51.4020; 8501.51.4040; 8501.51.5020; 8501.51.5040; 8501.51.6020; 8501.51.6040; 8501.52.4000; 8501.52.8020;
8501.52.8040; 8507.10.0030; 8507.10.0060; 8507.10.0090; 8507.60.0010; 8507.60.0020; 8507.90.4000; 8507.90.8000;
8511.10.0000; 8511.20.0000; 8511.30.0040; 8511.30.0080; 8511.40.0000; 8511.50.0000; 8511.80.2000; 8511.80.6000;
8511.90.6020; 8511.90.6040; 8512.20.2040; 8512.20.2080; 8512.20.4040; 8512.20.4080; 8512.30.0020; 8512.30.0030;
8512.30.0040; 8512.40.2000; 8512.40.4000; 8512.90.2000; 8512.90.6000; 8512.90.7000; 8519.81.2000; 8525.60.1010;
8527.21.1500; 8527.21.2525; 8527.21.4080; 8527.29.4000; 8527.29.8000; 8539.10.0010; 8539.10.0050; 8544.30.0000;
8706.00.0520; 8706.00.1520; 8706.00.1540; 8706.00.2500; 8707.10.0020; 8707.10.0040; 8707.90.5060; 8707.90.5080;
8708.10.3020; 8708.10.3030; 8708.10.3040; 8708.10.3050; 8708.10.6010; 8708.10.6050; 8708.21.0000; 8708.22.0000;
8708.29.1500; 8708.29.2120; 8708.29.2130; 8708.29.2140; 8708.29.2500; 8708.29.5110; 8708.29.5125; 8708.29.5160;
8708.30.1010; 8708.30.1090; 8708.30.5020; 8708.30.5030; 8708.30.5040; 8708.30.5090; 8708.40.1110; 8708.40.1150;
8708.40.7000; 8708.40.7570; 8708.40.7580; 8708.50.1110; 8708.50.1150; 8708.50.3110; 8708.50.3150; 8708.50.5110;
8708.50.5150; 8708.50.6100; 8708.50.6500; 8708.50.7000; 8708.50.7500; 8708.50.7900; 8708.50.8100; 8708.50.8500;
8708.50.8900; 8708.50.9110; 8708.50.9150; 8708.50.9300; 8708.50.9500; 8708.50.9900; 8708.70.0500; 8708.70.1500;
8708.70.2500; 8708.70.3500; 8708.70.4530; 8708.70.4546; 8708.70.4548; 8708.70.4560; 8708.70.6030; 8708.70.6045;
8708.70.6060; 8708.80.0300; 8708.80.0500; 8708.80.1300;8708.80.1600; 8708.80.5100; 8708.80.5500; 8708.80.6000;
8708.80.6510; 8708.80.6590; 8708.91.1000; 8708.91.5000; 8708.91.6000; 8708.91.6500; 8708.91.7510; 8708.91.7550;
8708.93.6000; 8708.93.7500; 8708.94.1000; 8708.94.5000; 8708.94.6000; 8708.94.6500; 8708.94.7000; 8708.94.7510;
8708.94.7550; 8708.95.0500; 8708.95.1000; 8708.95.2000; 8708.99.5300; 8708.99.5500; 8708.99.5800; 8708.99.6805;
8708.99.6810; 8708.99.6890; 8716.90.5010; 8716.90.5048; 8716.90.5060; 9015.10.4000; 9015.10.8000; 9029.10.4000;
9029.10.8000; 9029.20.4080; 9401.20.0000

Any automotive part, except those eligible for admission under “domestic status” as defined in 19 C.F.R. 146.43, that is
subject to the duty imposed by this subdivision and that is admitted into a United States foreign trade zone on or after 12:01
a.m. eastern standard time on the date of publication of this Federal Register notice, must be admitted as “privileged foreign
status” as defined in 19 C.F.R. 146.41, and will be subject upon entry for consumption to any ad valorem rates of duty related
to the classification under this HTSUS subheading. [Compiler’s note: this federal register notice was published on June
30, 2025. For more information see 90 Fed. Reg. 27851.]

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the
imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the automotive parts enumerated
in this subdivision (j) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free
treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this
subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.94.32. All antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty in
heading 9903.94.32. Entries of automotive parts described in this subdivision shall not be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 346
U.S. Notes (con.)

(5)

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99; and

(6)

the additional duties imposed on entries of wood products under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

(k)

Except as provided for in headings 9903.94.02 and 9903.94.04, headings 9903.94.40, 9903.94.41 sets forth the ordinary
customs duty treatment for certain passenger vehicles and light trucks classifiable in the provisions of the HTSUS
enumerated in subdivision (b) of this Note that are products of Japan.

Any passenger vehicle or light truck, except those eligible for admission under “domestic status” as defined in 19 CFR 146.43,
that is subject to the duty imposed by this subdivision and that is admitted into a United States foreign trade zone on or after
12:01 a.m. eastern standard time on September 16, 2025, must be admitted as “privileged foreign status” as defined in 19
CFR 146.41, and will be subject upon entry for consumption to any ad valorem rates of duty related to the classification under
this HTSUS subheading.

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the
imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the passenger vehicles and
light trucks provided for in this subdivision (k) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of
duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in
any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.40
and 9903.94.41. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be
imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.40 and 9903.94.41. Entries of passenger vehicles and light trucks
described in this subdivision shall not be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99.

(l)

Except as provided for in headings 9903.94.06, headings 9903.94.42, 9903.94.43 sets forth the ordinary customs duty
treatment for certain parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks classifiable in the provisions of the HTSUS enumerated
in subdivision (g) of this Note that are products of Japan.

Any automotive part, except those eligible for admission under “domestic status” as defined in 19 CFR 146.43, that is subject
to the duty imposed by this subdivision and that is admitted into a United States foreign trade zone on or after 12:01 a.m.
eastern standard time on September 16, 2025, must be admitted as “privileged foreign status” as defined in 19 CFR 146.41,
and will be subject upon entry for consumption to any ad valorem rates of duty related to the classification under this HTSUS
subheading.

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the
imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the automotive parts provided
for in this subdivision (l) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free
treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this
subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.42 and 9903.94.43.
All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in headings 9903.94.42 and 9903.94.43. Entries of automotive parts described in this subdivision shall not be
subject to:

(1)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

(2)

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 347

U.S. Notes (con.)

(3)

(4)

(5)

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99; and

(6)

the additional duties imposed on entries of wood products under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

(m)

As provided in headings 9903.94.40–9903.94.45, headings 9903.94.50–9903.94.55, and headings 9903.94.60–9903.94.65,
for any good of Japan, the European Union, or South Korea subject to a specific or compound rate of duty under column
1-General, the ad valorem equivalent rate of duty of such good shall be determined by dividing the amount of duty payable
under column 1-General by the customs value of the good. For example, if a good were subject to a specific duty of 50
cents per kilogram, and one kilogram of the good were entered with a customs value of $10, then the ad valorem equivalent
rate of duty would be obtained by dividing 50 cents by $10, yielding 5 percent. For any good of South Korea for which a
specific or compound rate of duty under column 1-Special is properly claimed, the ad valorem equivalent rate of duty shall
be determined in the same manner.

(n)

Headings 9903.94.50 and 9903.94.51 set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for certain passenger vehicles and
light trucks in the provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in subdivision (b) of this Note that are products of the member
countries of the European Union.

The member countries of the European Union that are covered by this subdivision and by headings 9903.94.50 and 9903.94.51
shall include the following: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czechia (Czech Republic), Denmark, Estonia, Finland,
France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal,
Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden.

Any passenger vehicle or light truck, except those eligible for admission under “domestic status” as defined in 19 C.F.R.
146.43, that is subject to the duty imposed by this subdivision and that is admitted into a United States foreign trade zone
on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern standard time on September 25, 2025, must be admitted as “privileged foreign status” as
defined in 19 CFR 146.41, and will be subject upon entry for consumption to any ad valorem rates of duty related to the
classification under this HTSUS subheading.

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the
imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for passenger vehicles and light
trucks provided for in this subdivision (n) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty
or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any
provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.50
and 9903.94.51. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be
imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.50 and 9903.94.51. Entries of passenger vehicles and light trucks
described in this subdivision shall not be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 348
U.S. Notes (con.)

(o)

Headings 9903.94.52 and 9903.94.53 set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for certain parts of passenger vehicles
and light trucks classifiable in the provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in subdivision (g) of this Note that are products
of the European Union. For the purposes of this subdivision, the European Union is comprised of the countries identified
in subdivision (n).

Any automotive part, except those eligible for admission under “domestic status” as defined in 19 CFR 146.43, that is subject
to the duty imposed by this subdivision and that is admitted into a United States foreign trade zone on or after 12:01 a.m.
eastern standard time on September 25, 2025, must be admitted as “privileged foreign status” as defined in 19 CFR 146.41,
and will be subject upon entry for consumption to any ad valorem rates of duty related to the classification under this HTSUS
subheading.

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the
imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the automotive parts provided
for in this subdivision (o) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-
free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this
subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.52 and 9903.94.53.
All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in headings 9903.94.52 and 9903.94.53. Entries of automotive parts described in this subdivision shall not be
subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99; and

(6)

the additional duties imposed on entries of wood products under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

(p)

Except as provided for in headings 9903.94.33, 9903.94.44, 9903.94.45, 9903.94.54, 9903.94.55, 9903.94.64, and
9903.94.65, heading 9903.94.07 sets forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for automobile parts when certified by the
importer of record that such parts will be used for automobile production or repair activity in the United States. Heading
9903.94.07 does not apply to the following:

(i)

(ii)

articles classifiable in HTSUS chapters 72, 73 or 76;

articles classifiable in the provisions of subdivision (g) of this note; or

(iii)

articles classifiable in the provisions of subdivision (i) of U.S. note 38 to this subchapter.

Any importer entering an article under heading 9903.94.07 shall provide such information as CBP may require in order to
permit the administration of this subheading.

Except as provided for in subdivision (h) to this note, for any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under
any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided
in heading 9903.94.07 shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate
tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the additional
duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except
that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. Any additional
duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in
heading 9903.94.07.

All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in heading 9903.94.07, except that articles under this heading shall not be subject to:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 349

U.S. Notes (con.)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under heading 9903.01.10;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading 9903.01.01; and

the additional duties imposed on entries of wood products under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

(q)

Heading 9903.94.33 sets forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for automobile parts of the United Kingdom when
certified by the importer of record that such parts will be used in automobiles that are products of the United Kingdom.
Heading 9903.94.33 does not apply to the following:

(i)

(ii)

articles classifiable in HTSUS chapters 72, 73 or 76;

articles classifiable in the provisions of subdivision (j) of this note; or

(iii)

articles classifiable in the provisions of subdivision (i) of U.S. note 38 to this subchapter.

Any importer entering an article under heading 9903.94.33 shall provide such information as CBP may require in order to
permit the administration of this subheading.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duties provided in heading 9903.94.33 shall be collected in
addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is
claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for
and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60
shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. Any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this
subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.94.33.

All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in heading 9903.94.33, except that articles under this heading shall not be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95; and

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99; and

(6)

the additional duties imposed on entries of wood products under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

(r)

Headings 9903.94.44, 9903.94.45, 9903.94.54, 9903.94.55, 9903.94.64, and 9903.94.65 set forth the ordinary customs
duty treatment for automobile parts of the European Union, South Korea, and Japan when certified by the importer of
record that such parts will be used for automobile production or repair activity in the United States. Headings 9903.94.44,
9903.94.45, 9903.94.54, 9903.94.55, 9903.94.64, and 9903.94.65 do not apply to the following:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 350
U.S. Notes (con.)

(i)

(ii)

articles classifiable in HTSUS chapters 72, 73 or 76;

articles classifiable in the provisions of subdivision (g) of this note; or

(iii)

articles classifiable in the provisions of subdivision (i) of U.S. note 38 to this subchapter.

Any importer entering an article under headings 9903.94.44, 9903.94.45, 9903.94.54, 9903.94.55, 9903.94.64, or 9903.94.65
shall provide such information as CBP may require in order to permit the administration of this subheading.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duties provided in headings 9903.94.44, 9903.94.45,
9903.94.54, 9903.94.55, 9903.94.64, and 9903.94.65 shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise
applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading, except for goods qualifying under Executive Order 14345 of September
4, 2025 (Implementing the United States-Japan Agreement) or the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement. Goods for
which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall
be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading
9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. Any additional duty prescribed in any provision
of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.44, 9903.94.45,
9903.94.54, 9903.94.55, 9903.94.64, and 9903.94.65.

All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in headings 9903.94.44, 9903.94.45, 9903.94.54, 9903.94.55, 9903.94.64, and 9903.94.65, except that articles
under these headings shall not be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under heading 9903.01.10;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading 9903.01.01; and

the additional duties imposed on entries of wood products under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

(s)

Headings 9903.94.60 and 9903.94.61 set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for certain passenger vehicles and
light trucks in the provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in subdivision (b) of this Note that are products of South Korea.

Any passenger vehicle or light truck, except those eligible for admission under “domestic status” as defined in 19 C.F.R.
146.43, that is subject to the duty imposed by this subdivision and that is admitted into a United States foreign trade zone
on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern time on December [DATE OF FEDERAL REGISTER NOTICE PUBLICATION], 2025, must
be admitted as “privileged foreign status” as defined in 19 C.F.R. 146.41, and will be subject upon entry for consumption to
any ad valorem rates of duty related to the classification under this HTSUS subheading. [Compiler's note: this notice was
published on December 4, 2025. See 90 Fed. Reg. 55964.]

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the
imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for passenger vehicles and light
trucks provided for in this subdivision (s) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty
or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any
provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.60
and 9903.94.61. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be
imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.60 and 9903.94.61. Entries of passenger vehicles and light trucks
described in this subdivision (s) shall not be subject to:

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 351

U.S. Notes (con.)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under heading 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14, and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88, 9903.81.94
and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99.

(t)

Headings 9903.94.62, 9903.94.63, 9903.94.64, and 9903.94.65 set forth the ordinary customs duty treatment for certain
parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks classifiable in the provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in subdivision (g) of
this note or that meet the requirements of subdivision (r) of this note that are products of South Korea.

Any automotive part, except those eligible for admission under “domestic status” as defined in 19 C.F.R. 146.43, that is
subject to the duty imposed by this subdivision and that is admitted into a United States foreign trade zone on or after 12:01
a.m. eastern time on December [DATE OF FEDERAL REGISTER NOTICE PUBLICATION], 2025, must be admitted as
“privileged foreign status” as defined in 19 C.F.R. 146.41, and will be subject upon entry for consumption to any ad valorem
rates of duty related to the classification under this HTSUS subheading. [Compiler's note: this notice was published on
December 4, 2025. See 90 Fed. Reg. 55964.]

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under
subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty
exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the automotive parts provided for in this subdivision (t) of this note under a
provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information
supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall
be imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.94.62, 9903.94.63, 9903.94.64, and 9903.94.65. All antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty in
headings 9903.94.62, 9903.94.63, 9903.94.64, and 9903.94.65. Entries of automotive parts described in this subdivision (t)
shall not be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under heading 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14, and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88, 9903.81.94
and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99; and

the additional duties imposed on entries of wood products under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02, 9903.76.03, and
9903.76.23.

35.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 352
U.S. Notes (con.)

(a)

As provided in heading 9903.96.01, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.01.25, 9903.81.94, 9903.81.96,
9903.81.97, 9903.81.98, 9903.85.12, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14, 9903.85.15 shall not apply to articles of civil aircraft (all
aircraft other than military aircraft); their engines, parts, and components; their other parts, components, and subassemblies;
and ground flight simulators and their parts and components of the United Kingdom, that otherwise meet the criteria of
General Note 6 of HTSUS, and classifiable in the following provisions of the HTSUS, but regardless of whether a product
is entered under a provision for which the rate of duty “Free (C)” appears in the “Special” subcolumn: 3917.21.00, 3917.22.00;
3917.23.00; 3917.29.00; 3917.31.00; 3917.33.00; 3917.39.00; 3917.40.00; 3926.90.45; 3926.90.94; 3926.90.96; 3926.90.99;
4008.29.20; 4009.12.00; 4009.22.00; 4009.32.00; 4009.42.00; 4011.30.00; 4012.13.00; 4012.20.10; 4016.10.00; 4016.93.50;
4016.99.35; 4016.99.60; 4017.00.00; 4504.90.00; 4823.90.10; 4823.90.20; 4823.90.31; 4823.90.40; 4823.90.50; 4823.90.60;
4823.90.67; 4823.90.70; 4823.90.80; 4823.90.86; 6812.80.90; 6812.99.10; 6812.99.20; 6812.99.90; 6813.20.00; 6813.81.00;
6813.89.00; 7007.21.11; 7304.31.30; 7304.31.60; 7304.39.00; 7304.41.30; 7304.41.60; 7304.49.00; 7304.51.10; 7304.51.50;
7304.59.10; 7304.59.20; 7304.59.60; 7304.59.80; 7304.90.10; 7304.90.30; 7304.90.50; 7304.90.70; 7306.30.10; 7306.30.30;
7306.30.50; 7306.40.10; 7306.40.50; 7306.50.10; 7306.50.30; 7306.50.50; 7306.61.10; 7306.61.30; 7306.61.50; 7306.61.70;
7306.69.10; 7306.69.30; 7306.69.50; 7306.69.70; 7312.10.05; 7312.10.10; 7312.10.20; 7312.10.30; 7312.10.50; 7312.10.60;
7312.10.70; 7312.10.80; 7312.10.90; 7312.90.00; 7322.90.00; 7324.10.00; 7324.90.00; 7326.20.00; 7413.00.90; 7608.10.00;
7608.20.00; 8108.90.60; 8302.10.60; 8302.10.90; 8302.20.00; 8302.42.30; 8302.42.60; 8302.49.40; 8302.49.60; 8302.49.80;
8302.60.30; 8307.10.30; 8307.90.30; 8407.10.00; 8408.90.90; 8409.10.00; 8411.11.40; 8411.11.80; 8411.12.40; 8411.12.80;
8411.21.40; 8411.21.80; 8411.22.40; 8411.22.80; 8411.81.40; 8411.82.40; 8411.91.10; 8411.91.90; 8411.99.10; 8411.99.90;
8412.10.00; 8412.21.00; 8412.29.40; 8412.29.80; 8412.31.00; 8412.39.00; 8412.80.10; 8412.80.90; 8412.90.90; 8413.19.00;
8413.20.00; 8413.30.10; 8413.30.90; 8413.50.00; 8413.60.00; 8413.70.10; 8413.70.20; 8413.81.00; 8413.91.10; 8413.91.20;
8413.91.90; 8414.10.00; 8414.20.00; 8414.30.40; 8414.30.80; 8414.51.30; 8414.51.90; 8414.59.30; 8414.59.65; 8414.80.05;
8414.80.16; 8414.80.20; 8414.80.90; 8414.90.10; 8414.90.30; 8414.90.41; 8414.90.91; 8415.10.60; 8415.10.90; 8415.81.01;
8415.82.01; 8415.83.00; 8415.90.40; 8415.90.80; 8418.10.00; 8418.30.00; 8418.40.00; 8418.61.01; 8418.69.01; 8419.50.10;
8419.50.50; 8419.81.50; 8419.81.90; 8419.90.10; 8419.90.20; 8419.90.30; 8419.90.50; 8419.90.85; 8421.19.00; 8421.21.00;
8421.23.00; 8421.29.00; 8421.31.00; 8421.32.00; 8421.39.01; 8424.10.00; 8425.11.00; 8425.19.00; 8425.31.01; 8425.39.01;
8425.42.00; 8425.49.00; 8426.99.00; 8428.10.00; 8428.20.00; 8428.33.00; 8428.39.00; 8428.90.03; 8443.31.00; 8443.32.10;
8443.32.50; 8471.41.01; 8471.49.00; 8471.50.01; 8471.60.10; 8471.60.20; 8471.60.70; 8471.60.80; 8471.60.90; 8471.70.10;
8471.70.20; 8471.70.30; 8471.70.40; 8471.70.50; 8471.70.60; 8471.70.90; 8479.89.10; 8479.89.20; 8479.89.65; 8479.89.70;
8479.89.95; 8479.90.41; 8479.90.45; 8479.90.55; 8479.90.65; 8479.90.75; 8479.90.85; 8479.90.95; 8483.10.10; 8483.10.30;
8483.10.50; 8483.30.40; 8483.30.80; 8483.40.10; 8483.40.30; 8483.40.50; 8483.40.70; 8483.40.80; 8483.40.90; 8483.50.40;
8483.50.60; 8483.50.90; 8483.60.40; 8483.60.80; 8483.90.10; 8483.90.20; 8483.90.30; 8483.90.50; 8483.90.80; 8484.10.00;
8484.90.00; 8501.20.50; 8501.20.60; 8501.31.50; 8501.31.60; 8501.31.81; 8501.32.20; 8501.32.55; 8501.32.61; 8501.33.20;
8501.33.30; 8501.33.61; 8501.34.61; 8501.40.50; 8501.40.60; 8501.51.50; 8501.51.60; 8501.52.40; 8501.52.80; 8501.53.40;
8501.53.60; 8501.61.01; 8501.62.01; 8501.63.01; 8501.71.00; 8501.72.10; 8501.72.20; 8501.72.30; 8501.72.90; 8501.80.10;
8501.80.20; 8501.80.30; 8502.11.00; 8502.12.00; 8502.13.00; 8502.20.00; 8502.31.00; 8502.39.00; 8502.40.00; 8504.10.00;
8504.31.20; 8504.31.40; 8504.31.60; 8504.32.00; 8504.33.00; 8504.40.40; 8504.40.60; 8504.40.70; 8504.40.85; 8504.40.95;
8504.50.40; 8504.50.80; 8507.10.00; 8507.20.80; 8507.30.80; 8507.50.00; 8507.60.00; 8507.80.82; 8507.90.40; 8507.90.80;
8511.10.00; 8511.20.00; 8511.30.00; 8511.40.00; 8511.50.00; 8511.80.20; 8511.80.40; 8511.80.60; 8514.20.40; 8516.80.40;
8516.80.80; 8517.13.00; 8517.14.00; 8517.61.00; 8517.62.00; 8517.69.00; 8517.71.00; 8518.10.40; 8518.10.80; 8518.21.00;
8518.22.00; 8518.29.40; 8518.29.80; 8518.30.10; 8518.30.20; 8518.40.10; 8518.40.20; 8518.50.00; 8519.81.10; 8519.81.20;
8519.81.25; 8519.81.30; 8519.81.41; 8519.89.10; 8519.89.20; 8519.89.30; 8521.10.30; 8521.10.60; 8521.10.90; 8522.90.25;
8522.90.36; 8522.90.45; 8522.90.58; 8522.90.65; 8522.90.80; 8526.10.00; 8526.91.00; 8526.92.10; 8526.92.50; 8528.42.00;
8528.52.00; 8528.62.00; 8529.10.21; 8529.10.40; 8529.10.91; 8529.90.04; 8529.90.05; 8529.90.06; 8529.90.09; 8529.90.13;
8529.90.16; 8529.90.19; 8529.90.21; 8529.90.24; 8529.90.29; 8529.90.33; 8529.90.36; 8529.90.39; 8529.90.43; 8529.90.46;
8529.90.49; 8529.90.55; 8529.90.63; 8529.90.68; 8529.90.73; 8529.90.77; 8529.90.78; 8529.90.81; 8529.90.83; 8529.90.87;
8529.90.88; 8529.90.89; 8529.90.93; 8529.90.95; 8529.90.97; 8529.90.98; 8531.10.00; 8531.20.00; 8531.80.15; 8531.80.90;
8536.70.00; 8539.10.00; 8539.51.00; 8543.70.42; 8543.70.45; 8543.70.60; 8543.70.80; 8543.70.91; 8543.70.95; 8543.90.12;
8543.90.15; 8543.90.35; 8543.90.65; 8543.90.68; 8543.90.85; 8543.90.88; 8544.30.00; 8801.00.00; 8802.11.01; 8802.12.01;
8802.20.01; 8802.30.01; 8802.40.01; 8805.29.00; 8806.10.00; 8806.21.00; 8806.22.00; 8806.23.00; 8806.24.00; 8806.29.00;
8806.91.00; 8806.92.00; 8806.93.00; 8806.94.00; 8806.99.00; 8807.10.00; 8807.20.00; 8807.30.00; 8807.90.90; 9001.90.40;
9001.90.50; 9001.90.60; 9001.90.80; 9001.90.90; 9002.90.20; 9002.90.40; 9002.90.70; 9002.90.85; 9002.90.95; 9014.10.10;
9014.10.60; 9014.10.70; 9014.10.90; 9014.20.20; 9014.20.40; 9014.20.60; 9014.20.80; 9014.90.10; 9014.90.20; 9014.90.40;
9014.90.60; 9020.00.40; 9020.00.60; 9025.11.20; 9025.11.40; 9025.19.40; 9025.19.80; 9025.80.10; 9025.80.15; 9025.80.20;
9025.80.35; 9025.80.40; 9025.80.50; 9025.90.06; 9026.10.20; 9026.10.40; 9026.10.60; 9026.20.40; 9026.20.80; 9026.80.20;
9026.80.40; 9026.80.60; 9026.90.20; 9026.90.40; 9026.90.60; 9029.10.80; 9029.20.40; 9029.90.80; 9030.10.00; 9030.20.05;
9030.20.10; 9030.31.00; 9030.32.00; 9030.33.34; 9030.33.38; 9030.39.01; 9030.40.00; 9030.84.00; 9030.89.01; 9030.90.25;
9030.90.46; 9030.90.66; 9030.90.68; 9030.90.84; 9030.90.89; 9031.80.40; 9031.80.80; 9031.90.21; 9031.90.45; 9031.90.54;
9031.90.59; 9031.90.70; 9031.90.91; 9032.10.00; 9032.20.00; 9032.81.00; 9032.89.20; 9032.89.40; 9032.89.60; 9032.90.21;
9032.90.41; 9032.90.61; 9033.00.90; 9104.00.05; 9104.00.10; 9104.00.20; 9104.00.25; 9104.00.30; 9104.00.40; 9104.00.45;
9104.00.50; 9104.00.60; 9109.10.50; 9109.10.60; 9109.90.20; 9401.10.40; 9401.10.80; 9403.20.00; 9403.70.40; 9403.70.80;
9405.11.40; 9405.11.60; 9405.11.80; 9405.19.40; 9405.19.60; 9405.19.80; 9405.61.20; 9405.61.40; 9405.61.60; 9405.69.20;
9405.69.40; 9405.69.60; 9405.92.00; 9405.99.20; 9405.99.40; 9620.00.50; 9620.00.60; 9802.00.40; 9802.00.50; 9802.00.60;
9802.00.80; 9818.00.05; 9818.00.07

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 353

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

As provided in heading 9903.96.02, the additional duties imposed by heading 9903.02.72, 9903.02.73 9903.78.01,
9903.81.87, 9903.81.88, 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90, 9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.85.02, 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07, and
9903.85.08, shall not apply to articles of civil aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft and unmanned aircraft); their
engines, parts, and components; their other parts, components, and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators and their
parts and components of Japan, that otherwise meet the criteria of General Note 6 of HTSUS, and classifiable in the
following provisions of the HTSUS, but regardless of whether a product is entered under a provision for which the rate of
duty “Free (C)” appears in the “Special” subcolumn: 3917.21.00, 3917.22.00; 3917.23.00; 3917.29.00; 3917.31.00;
3917.33.00; 3917.39.00; 3917.40.00; 3926.90.45; 3926.90.94; 3926.90.96; 3926.90.99; 4008.29.20; 4009.12.00; 4009.22.00;
4009.32.00; 4009.42.00; 4011.30.00; 4012.13.00; 4012.20.10; 4016.10.00; 4016.93.50; 4016.99.35; 4016.99.60; 4017.00.00;
4504.90.00; 4823.90.10; 4823.90.20; 4823.90.31; 4823.90.40; 4823.90.50; 4823.90.60; 4823.90.67; 4823.90.70; 4823.90.80;
4823.90.86; 6812.80.90; 6812.99.10; 6812.99.20; 6812.99.90; 6813.20.00; 6813.81.00; 6813.89.00; 7007.21.11; 7304.31.30;
7304.31.60; 7304.39.00; 7304.41.30; 7304.41.60; 7304.49.00; 7304.51.10; 7304.51.50; 7304.59.10; 7304.59.20; 7304.59.60;
7304.59.80; 7304.90.10; 7304.90.30; 7304.90.50; 7304.90.70; 7306.30.10; 7306.30.30; 7306.30.50; 7306.40.10; 7306.40.50;
7306.50.10; 7306.50.30; 7306.50.50; 7306.61.10; 7306.61.30; 7306.61.50; 7306.61.70; 7306.69.10; 7306.69.30; 7306.69.50;
7306.69.70; 7312.10.05; 7312.10.10; 7312.10.20; 7312.10.30; 7312.10.50; 7312.10.60; 7312.10.70; 7312.10.80; 7312.10.90;
7312.90.00; 7322.90.00; 7324.10.00; 7324.90.00; 7326.20.00; 7413.00.90; 7608.10.00; 7608.20.00; 8108.90.60; 8302.10.60;
8302.10.90; 8302.20.00; 8302.42.30; 8302.42.60; 8302.49.40; 8302.49.60; 8302.49.80; 8302.60.30; 8307.10.30; 8307.90.30;
8407.10.00; 8408.90.90; 8409.10.00; 8411.11.40; 8411.11.80; 8411.12.40; 8411.12.80; 8411.21.40; 8411.21.80; 8411.22.40;
8411.22.80; 8411.81.40; 8411.82.40; 8411.91.10; 8411.91.90; 8411.99.10; 8411.99.90; 8412.10.00; 8412.21.00; 8412.29.40;
8412.29.80; 8412.31.00; 8412.39.00; 8412.80.10; 8412.80.90; 8412.90.90; 8413.19.00; 8413.20.00; 8413.30.10; 8413.30.90;
8413.50.00; 8413.60.00; 8413.70.10; 8413.70.20; 8413.81.00; 8413.91.10; 8413.91.20; 8413.91.90; 8414.10.00; 8414.20.00;
8414.30.40; 8414.30.80; 8414.51.30; 8414.51.90; 8414.59.30; 8414.59.65; 8414.80.05; 8414.80.16; 8414.80.20; 8414.80.90;
8414.90.10; 8414.90.30; 8414.90.41; 8414.90.91; 8415.10.60; 8415.10.90; 8415.81.01; 8415.82.01; 8415.83.00; 8415.90.40;
8415.90.80; 8418.10.00; 8418.30.00; 8418.40.00; 8418.61.01; 8418.69.01; 8419.50.10; 8419.50.50; 8419.81.50; 8419.81.90;
8419.90.10; 8419.90.20; 8419.90.30; 8419.90.50; 8419.90.85; 8421.19.00; 8421.21.00; 8421.23.00; 8421.29.00; 8421.31.00;
8421.32.00; 8421.39.01; 8424.10.00; 8425.11.00; 8425.19.00; 8425.31.01; 8425.39.01; 8425.42.00; 8425.49.00; 8426.99.00;
8428.10.00; 8428.20.00; 8428.33.00; 8428.39.00; 8428.90.03; 8443.31.00; 8443.32.10; 8443.32.50; 8471.41.01; 8471.49.00;
8471.50.01; 8471.60.10; 8471.60.20; 8471.60.70; 8471.60.80; 8471.60.90; 8471.70.10; 8471.70.20; 8471.70.30; 8471.70.40;
8471.70.50; 8471.70.60; 8471.70.90; 8479.89.10; 8479.89.20; 8479.89.65; 8479.89.70; 8479.89.95; 8479.90.41; 8479.90.45;
8479.90.55; 8479.90.65; 8479.90.75; 8479.90.85; 8479.90.95; 8483.10.10; 8483.10.30; 8483.10.50; 8483.30.40; 8483.30.80;
8483.40.10; 8483.40.30; 8483.40.50; 8483.40.70; 8483.40.80; 8483.40.90; 8483.50.40; 8483.50.60; 8483.50.90; 8483.60.40;
8483.60.80; 8483.90.10; 8483.90.20; 8483.90.30; 8483.90.50; 8483.90.80; 8484.10.00; 8484.90.00; 8501.20.50; 8501.20.60;
8501.31.50; 8501.31.60; 8501.31.81; 8501.32.20; 8501.32.55; 8501.32.61; 8501.33.20; 8501.33.30; 8501.33.61; 8501.34.61;
8501.40.50; 8501.40.60; 8501.51.50; 8501.51.60; 8501.52.40; 8501.52.80; 8501.53.40; 8501.53.60; 8501.61.01; 8501.62.01;
8501.63.01; 8501.71.00; 8501.72.10; 8501.72.20; 8501.72.30; 8501.72.90; 8501.80.10; 8501.80.20; 8501.80.30; 8502.11.00;
8502.12.00; 8502.13.00; 8502.20.00; 8502.31.00; 8502.39.00; 8502.40.00; 8504.10.00; 8504.31.20; 8504.31.40; 8504.31.60;
8504.32.00; 8504.33.00; 8504.40.40; 8504.40.60; 8504.40.70; 8504.40.85; 8504.40.95; 8504.50.40; 8504.50.80; 8507.10.00;
8507.20.80; 8507.30.80; 8507.50.00; 8507.60.00; 8507.80.82; 8507.90.40; 8507.90.80; 8511.10.00; 8511.20.00; 8511.30.00;
8511.40.00; 8511.50.00; 8511.80.20; 8511.80.40; 8511.80.60; 8514.20.40; 8516.80.40; 8516.80.80; 8517.13.00; 8517.14.00;
8517.61.00; 8517.62.00; 8517.69.00; 8517.71.00; 8518.10.40; 8518.10.80; 8518.21.00; 8518.22.00; 8518.29.40; 8518.29.80;
8518.30.10; 8518.30.20; 8518.40.10; 8518.40.20; 8518.50.00; 8519.81.10; 8519.81.20; 8519.81.25; 8519.81.30; 8519.81.41;
8519.89.10; 8519.89.20; 8519.89.30; 8521.10.30; 8521.10.60; 8521.10.90; 8522.90.25; 8522.90.36; 8522.90.45; 8522.90.58;
8522.90.65; 8522.90.80; 8526.10.00; 8526.91.00; 8526.92.10; 8526.92.50; 8528.42.00; 8528.52.00; 8528.62.00; 8529.10.21;
8529.10.40; 8529.10.91; 8529.90.04; 8529.90.05; 8529.90.06; 8529.90.09; 8529.90.13; 8529.90.16; 8529.90.19; 8529.90.21;
8529.90.24; 8529.90.29; 8529.90.33; 8529.90.36; 8529.90.39; 8529.90.43; 8529.90.46; 8529.90.49; 8529.90.55; 8529.90.63;
8529.90.68; 8529.90.73; 8529.90.77; 8529.90.78; 8529.90.81; 8529.90.83; 8529.90.87; 8529.90.88; 8529.90.89; 8529.90.93;
8529.90.95; 8529.90.97; 8529.90.98; 8531.10.00; 8531.20.00; 8531.80.15; 8531.80.90; 8536.70.00; 8539.10.00; 8539.51.00;
8543.70.42; 8543.70.45; 8543.70.60; 8543.70.80; 8543.70.91; 8543.70.95; 8543.90.12; 8543.90.15; 8543.90.35; 8543.90.65;
8543.90.68; 8543.90.85; 8543.90.88; 8544.30.00; 8801.00.00; 8802.11.01; 8802.12.01; 8802.20.01; 8802.30.01; 8802.40.01;
8805.29.00; 8807.10.00; 8807.20.00; 8807.30.00; 8807.90.90; 9001.90.40; 9001.90.50; 9001.90.60; 9001.90.80; 9001.90.90;
9002.90.20; 9002.90.40; 9002.90.70; 9002.90.85; 9002.90.95; 9014.10.10; 9014.10.60; 9014.10.70; 9014.10.90; 9014.20.20;
9014.20.40; 9014.20.60; 9014.20.80; 9014.90.10; 9014.90.20; 9014.90.40; 9014.90.60; 9020.00.40; 9020.00.60; 9025.11.20;
9025.11.40; 9025.19.40; 9025.19.80; 9025.80.10; 9025.80.15; 9025.80.20; 9025.80.35; 9025.80.40; 9025.80.50; 9025.90.06;
9026.10.20; 9026.10.40; 9026.10.60; 9026.20.40; 9026.20.80; 9026.80.20; 9026.80.40; 9026.80.60; 9026.90.20; 9026.90.40;
9026.90.60; 9029.10.80; 9029.20.40; 9029.90.80; 9030.10.00; 9030.20.05; 9030.20.10; 9030.31.00; 9030.32.00; 9030.33.34;
9030.33.38; 9030.39.01; 9030.40.00; 9030.84.00; 9030.89.01; 9030.90.25; 9030.90.46; 9030.90.66; 9030.90.68; 9030.90.84;
9030.90.89; 9031.80.40; 9031.80.80; 9031.90.21; 9031.90.45; 9031.90.54; 9031.90.59; 9031.90.70; 9031.90.91; 9032.10.00;
9032.20.00; 9032.81.00; 9032.89.20; 9032.89.40; 9032.89.60; 9032.90.21; 9032.90.41; 9032.90.61; 9033.00.90; 9104.00.05;
9104.00.10; 9104.00.20; 9104.00.25; 9104.00.30; 9104.00.40; 9104.00.45; 9104.00.50; 9104.00.60; 9109.10.50; 9109.10.60;
9109.90.20; 9401.10.40; 9401.10.80; 9403.20.00; 9403.70.40; 9403.70.80; 9405.11.40; 9405.11.60; 9405.11.80; 9405.19.40;
9405.19.60; 9405.19.80; 9405.61.20; 9405.61.40; 9405.61.60; 9405.69.20; 9405.69.40; 9405.69.60; 9405.92.00; 9405.99.20;
9405.99.40; 9620.00.50; 9620.00.60; 9802.00.40; 9802.00.50; 9802.00.60; 9802.00.80; 9818.00.05; 9818.00.07

36.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 354
U.S. Notes (con.)

(a)

Except as provided in headings 9903.02.76, 9903.02.81, 9903.94.40-9903.94.43, 9903.94.50-9903.94.53, and 9903.96.02,
heading 9903.78.01 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of semi-finished copper and intensive copper derivative
products, as enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note, of all countries.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.78.01 shall be collected in
addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is
claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for
and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (‘‘CBP’’) regulations, except
that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for
entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the semi-finished copper and intensive copper derivative
products enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or
provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any
provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.78.01.
All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in heading 9903.78.01.

For any semi-finished copper or intensive copper derivative product that is classified in one of the headings or subheadings
of the HTSUS that is listed in subdivision (b) of this note, the additional ad valorem duty imposed by heading 9903.78.01
shall only apply to the declared value of the copper content of the article. The quantity of the copper content shall be reported
in kg for heading 9903.78.01, in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the copper article, in accordance
with statistical note 1(b) of chapter 99.

(b)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.78.01 apply to the copper content of all imported semi-finished copper and
intensive copper derivative products, as specified in subdivision (a) to this note, that are classified in the provisions of the
HTSUS enumerated in this subdivision: [Compiler's note: numbers in sequence left to right; list may appear or
continue on a subsequent page.]

7406.10.00
7407.10.30
7407.21.30
7407.21.90
7407.29.38
7408.11.30
7408.21.00
7408.29.10
7409.11.50
7409.19.90
7409.31.10
7409.39.10
7409.40.00
7409.90.90
7410.21.30
7411.10.10
7411.21.50
7411.29.50
7413.00.10
7415.10.00
7415.33.05
7415.39.00
7418.20.50
7419.80.06
7419.80.16
7419.80.50
8544.42.90

7406.20.00
7407.10.50
7407.21.50
7407.29.16
7407.29.40
7408.11.60
7408.22.10
7408.29.50
7409.19.10
7409.21.00
7409.31.50
7409.39.50
7409.90.10
7410.11.00
7410.21.60
7411.10.50
7411.22.00
7412.10.00
7413.00.50
7415.21.00
7415.33.10
7418.10.00
7419.20.00
7419.80.09
7419.80.17
8544.42.10
8544.49.10

7407.10.15
7407.21.15
7407.21.70
7407.29.34
7407.29.50
7408.19.00
7408.22.50
7409.11.10
7409.19.50
7409.29.00
7409.31.90
7409.39.90
7409.90.50
7410.12.00
7410.22.00
7411.21.10
7411.29.10
7412.20.00
7413.00.90
7415.29.00
7415.33.80
7418.20.10
7419.80.03
7419.80.15
7419.80.30
8544.42.20

Heading 9903.78.02 applies to the non-copper content of all entries classifiable under provisions of the HTSUS enumerated
in subdivision (b) of this note.

Any importer entering the products covered by this note under headings 9903.78.01 or 9903.78.02 shall provide any
information that may be required, and in such form, as is deemed necessary by CBP in order to permit the administration
of these headings.

(c)

(d)

37.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 355

U.S. Notes (con.)

(a)

Heading 9903.76.01 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of softwood timber and lumber products described in
subdivision (b) of this note.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference programs
listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.76.01 shall be collected in addition to any
special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed under a
provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms
of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (‘CBP’) regulations, except that duties under subheading
9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or
reduction shall be allowed for the softwood timber and lumber products described in subdivision (b) of this note under a provision
of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by
CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in
addition to the duty provided in heading 9903.76.01. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to
such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty provided in heading 9903.76.01.

(b)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.76.01 apply to all imported softwood timber and lumber products, as specified
in subdivision (a) to this note, that are classified under the provisions of the HTSUS listed in this subdivision:

4403.11.00
4403.23.01
4403.26.01
4406.91.00
4407.13.00

4403.21.01
4403.24.01
4403.99.01
4407.11.00
4407.14.00

4403.22.01
4403.25.01
4406.11.00
4407.12.00
4407.19.00

(c)

Heading 9903.76.02 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of upholstered wooden furniture products described
in subdivision (d) of this note, applicable to products of all countries other than: the United Kingdom, the member nations
of the European Union, South Korea and Japan.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.76.02 shall be collected in
addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is
claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for
and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60
shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction
shall be allowed for the upholstered wooden furniture products described in subdivision (d) of this note under a provision of
chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty- free treatment, taking into account information supplied by
CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed
in addition to the duty in heading 9903.76.02. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such
goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty provided in heading 9903.76.02.

(d)

The rates of duty set forth in headings 9903.76.02, 9903.76.20, 9903.76.21, 9903.76.22, and 9903.76.23 apply to all
imported upholstered wooden furniture products, such as couches, sofas and chairs, as specified in subdivisions (c), (h),
(i), (j), and (l) to this note, that are classified under the following provisions of the HTSUS:

9401.61.4011
9401.61.4031
9401.61.6011
9401.61.6031

(e)

Except for as provided by 9903.76.04, heading 9903.76.03 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of completed
kitchen cabinets and vanities and parts of kitchen cabinets and vanities described in subdivision (f) of this note, applicable
to products of all countries other than: the United Kingdom, the member nations of the European Union, South Korea, and
Japan.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.76.03 shall be collected in
addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is
claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for
and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60
shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction
shall be allowed for the completed kitchen cabinets and vanities and parts of kitchen cabinets and vanities described in
subdivision (f) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment,
taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or
subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty provided in heading 9903.76.03. All antidumping,

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 356
U.S. Notes (con.)

(f)

(g)

(h)

countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty
provided in heading 9903.76.03.

Except for as provided by 9903.76.04, the rates of duty set forth in headings 9903.76.03, 9903.76.20, 9903.76.21,
9903.76.22, and 9903.76.23 apply to all imported completed kitchen cabinets and vanities and parts of kitchen cabinets
and vanities, as specified in subdivisions (e), (h), (i), (j), and (l) to this note, and that are classified under the provisions of
the HTSUS listed in this subdivision:

9403.40.9060
9403.60.8093
9403.91.0080

Heading 9903.76.04 applies to products classified under any of the listed provisions in subdivision (f) of this note that are
other than completed wooden kitchen cabinets or vanities or parts of wooden kitchen cabinets or vanities.

Except for as provided by 9903.76.04, heading 9903.76.20 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of wood products
of the United Kingdom described in subdivisions (d) and (f) of this note.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.76.20 shall be collected in
addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is
claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for
and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60
shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction
shall be allowed for wood products described in subdivisions (d) or (f) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may
set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional
duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in
heading 9903.76.20. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to
be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.76.20.

(i)

Except for as provided by 9903.76.04, heading 9903.76.21 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of wood products
of Japan described in subdivisions (d) and (f) of this note.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.76.21 shall be collected in
lieu of any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed
under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject
to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be
assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be
allowed for wood products described in subdivisions (d) or (f) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth
a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty
prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in
heading 9903.76.21. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to
be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.76.21.

(j)

Except for as provided by 9903.76.04, heading 9903.76.22 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of wood products
described in subdivisions (d) and (f) of this note that are the products of any member country of the European Union
enumerated in this subdivision.

The member countries of the European Union that are covered by this subdivision and by heading 9903.76.22 shall include
the following: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czechia (Czech Republic), Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France,
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania,
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.76.22 shall be collected in
lieu of any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed
under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the
terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed
based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed
for wood products described in subdivisions (d) or (f) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower
rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed
in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.76.22.
All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in heading 9903.76.22.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 357

U.S. Notes (con.)

Any importer entering products covered by this note under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02, 9903.76.03, 9903.76.04,
9903.76.20, 9903.76.21, 9903.76.22, or 9903.76.23 shall provide any information that may be required, and in such form,
as is deemed necessary by CBP in order to permit the administration of these headings.

Except for as provided by 9903.76.04, heading 9903.76.23 provides the ordinary customs duty treatment of wood products
of South Korea described in subdivisions (d) and (f) of this note.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duty provided in heading 9903.76.23 shall be collected in
lieu of any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading, except for goods qualifying under
the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that
are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and
applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of
the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for wood products described
in subdivisions (d) or (f) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free
treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this
subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.76.23. All antidumping,
countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty in
heading 9903.76.23.

(k)

(l)

38.

(a)

Except as provided for in headings 9903.74.03, 9903.74.05, 9903.74.06, and 9903.74.07, headings 9903.74.01 and
9903.74.02 provide the ordinary customs duty treatment of medium- and heavy- duty vehicles of all countries.

Except as provided for in subdivision (d) to this note, for any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under
any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duties provided
in headings 9903.74.01 and 9903.74.02 shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under
the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to
the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S.
Customs and Border Protection (CBP) regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based
upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the
medium- and heavy-duty vehicles or buses and other vehicles enumerated in subdivisions (b) and (c) of this note under a
provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information
supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall
be imposed in addition to the duties in headings 9903.74.01 and 9903.74.02.

All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duties in headings 9903.74.01 and 9903.74.02, except that entries of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles shall not be
subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under heading 9903.01.10; and

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading 9903.01.01.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 358
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The rate of duty set forth in heading 9903.74.01 applies to imported products classifiable in the provisions of the HTSUS
enumerated in this subdivision:

8701.21.00
8701.29.00
8704.22.51
8704.43.00
8705.40.00
8706.00.0575
8709.19.00

8701.22.00
8704.10.10
8704.23.01
8704.52.00
8705.90.0080
8706.00.25

8701.23.00
8704.10.50
8704.32.01
8704.60.00
8706.00.03
8706.00.50

8701.24.00
8704.22.11
8704.42.00
8704.90.01
8706.00.0520
8709.11.00

(c)

Heading 9903.74.02 applies to buses and other vehicles that are classifiable in the provisions of the HTSUS enumerated
in this subdivision:

8702.10.31
8702.30.31
8702.90.31

8702.10.61
8702.30.61
8702.90.61

8702.20.31
8702.40.31

8702.20.61
8702.40.61

(d)

Heading 9903.74.03 applies to medium- and heavy-duty vehicles described in this subdivision, upon approval from the
Secretary of Commerce. For any medium- and heavy-duty vehicle that is classified in one of the subheadings of the HTSUS
listed in subdivision (b) of this note and eligible for special tariff treatment under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement
(USMCA), importers of such vehicles may submit documentation to the Secretary of Commerce identifying the amount of
U.S. content in each vehicle imported into the United States. “U.S. content” refers to the value of the medium- or heavy-duty
vehicle attributable to U.S.-based activity supporting domestic production, as determined by the Secretary of Commerce.
Thereafter, the Secretary may approve imports of such vehicles to be eligible to apply the ad valorem rates of duty
exclusively to the value of the non-U.S. content of the vehicle. The non-U.S. content of the vehicle shall be calculated by
subtracting the value of the U.S. content in a vehicle from the total value of the vehicle.

Any importer entering a medium- and heavy-duty vehicle covered by this note under heading 9903.74.03 shall provide any
information that may be required, and in such form, as is deemed necessary by CBP in order to permit the administration of
this heading.

Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and which are subject to the additional duties prescribed
herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP regulations, except that duties under
subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for entry or for any duty
exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the vehicles enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note under a provision of chapter
99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP,
but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in
addition to the duty in heading 9903.74.03. All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such
goods shall continue to be imposed in addition to the duty in heading 9903.74.03.

(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

Heading 9903.74.05 applies to entries of articles that are classifiable under provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in
subdivision (b) of this note but that are not medium- and heavy-duty vehicles.

Heading 9903.74.06 applies to the U.S. content of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles described in subdivision (d) of this
note, upon approval from the Secretary of Commerce.

Heading 9903.74.07 applies to all entries of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles from all countries classifiable in the provisions
enumerated in subdivisions (b) or (c) of this note that were manufactured in a year at least 25 years prior to the year of
the date of entry.

Except as provided for in headings 9903.74.10 and 9903.74.11, headings 9903.74.08 and 9903.74.09 provide the ordinary
customs duty treatment applicable to all entries of medium- and heavy- duty vehicle parts from all countries classifiable
in the provisions enumerated in subdivision (i) or that meet the requirements of subdivision (j) of this note.

Except as provided for in subdivision (k) to this note, for any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under
any of the free trade agreements or preference programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duties provided
in headings 9903.74.08 and 9903.74.09 shall be collected in addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under
the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to
the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable CBP
regulations, except that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported
article. No claim for entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for the medium- and heavy-duty vehicle
parts in subdivisions (i) or (j) of this note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 359

U.S. Notes (con.)

duty-free treatment, taking into account information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of
this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter 99 shall be imposed in addition to the duty in headings 9903.74.08 and 9903.74.09.

All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duty in headings 9903.74.08 and 9903.74.09, except that entries of medium- and heavy-duty vehicle parts shall not
be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under heading 9903.01.10;

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading 9903.01.01; and

the additional duties imposed on entries of wood products under headings 9903.76.01, 9903.76.02 and 9903.76.03.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 360
U.S. Notes (con.)

(i)

The rates of duty set forth in heading 9903.74.08 apply to parts of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles classifiable in the
provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in this subdivision:

4009.12.0020
4011.10.50
4012.19.40
4016.99.6010
7320.10.30
8301.20.00
8407.34.14
8407.34.48
8409.99.1040
8413.91.9010
8414.80.05
8425.49.00
8482.10.5044
8482.20.0040
8482.40.00
8501.32.5540
8501.33.40
8501.40.20
8501.51.20
8501.52.40
8511.10.00
8511.50.00
8512.20.20
8512.40.40
8519.81.20
8527.21.40
8539.10.0010
8706.00.05
8707.90.5060
8708.10.60
8708.29.25
8708.40.11
8708.40.65
8708.50.61
8708.50.85
8708.50.95
8708.70.35
8708.80.16
8708.91.50
8708.92.65
8708.94.50
8708.95.05
8708.99.06
8708.99.41
8708.99.58
9029.20.4080

4009.22.0020
4011.20.1015
4012.19.80
7007.21.1110
7320.10.60
8302.10.30
8407.34.18
8407.34.55
8413.30.10
8414.30.8030
8415.20.00
8426.91.00
8482.10.5048
8482.20.0061
8482.50.00
8501.32.61
8501.33.61
8501.40.40
8501.51.40
8501.52.8040
8511.20.00
8511.80.20
8512.20.40
8512.90.20
8525.60.1010
8527.29.40
8539.10.0050
8706.00.15
8707.90.5080
8708.21.00
8708.29.51
8708.40.30
8708.40.70
8708.50.65
8708.50.89
8708.50.99
8708.70.45
8708.80.55
8708.91.65
8708.93.60
8708.94.65
8708.95.15
8708.99.23
8708.99.4850
8708.99.68
9401.20.00

4009.32.0020
4011.20.1025
4012.20.60
7007.21.51
7320.10.90
8302.30.30
8407.34.25
8408.20.20
8413.30.90
8414.59.30
8421.23.00
8431.10.0090
8482.20.0020
8482.20.0070
8483.10.10
8501.33.2080
8501.34.30
8501.40.50
8501.51.50
8507.10.00
8511.30.00
8511.80.60
8512.30.00
8512.90.60
8527.21.15
8527.29.80
8544.30.00
8706.00.25
8707.90.5090
8708.22.00
8708.30.1010
8708.40.50
8708.40.75
8708.50.75
8708.50.91
8708.70.05
8708.70.60
8708.80.60
8708.91.70
8708.93.75
8708.94.70
8708.95.20
8708.99.27
8708.99.53
8709.90.00

4009.42.0020
4011.20.1035
4013.10.00
7009.10.00
7320.20.10
8302.30.60
8407.34.44
8409.91.1040
8413.91.10
8414.59.6540
8421.32.00
8482.10.10
8482.20.0030
8482.20.0081
8501.32.20
8501.33.30
8501.34.61
8501.40.60
8501.51.60
8507.90.40
8511.40.00
8511.90.60
8512.40.20
8512.90.70
8527.21.25
8536.41.0005
8706.00.03
8707.90.5020
8708.10.30
8708.29.15
8708.30.50
8708.40.60
8708.50.31
8708.50.81
8708.50.93
8708.70.25
8708.80.13
8708.80.65
8708.91.75
8708.94.10
8708.94.75
8708.99.03
8708.99.31
8708.99.55
9029.10.80

(j)

Heading 9903.74.09 applies to parts of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles when certified by the importer of record that
such parts will be used for medium- or heavy-duty vehicle production or repair activity in the United States. Heading
9903.74.09 does not apply to the following:

(i)

(ii)

articles classifiable in HTSUS chapters 72, 73 or 76;

articles classifiable in the provisions of subdivision (i) of this note; or

(iii)

articles classifiable in the provisions of subdivision (g) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter.

(k)

Heading 9903.74.10 applies to all entries of articles classifiable under provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in subdivision
(i) of this note or meeting the requirements of subdivision (j) of this note that qualify for preferential tariff treatment under
the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), other than medium- and heavy-duty vehicle knock-down kits or
parts compilations.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 361

U.S. Notes (con.)

(l)

Heading 9903.74.11 applies to all entries of articles classifiable under provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in subdivision
(i) of this note that are not parts of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles.

39.

(a)

Except as provided for in headings 9903.79.02–9903.79.09, heading 9903.79.01 provides the ordinary customs duty
treatment of semiconductor articles of all countries as described in subdivision (b) of the note.

For any such products that are eligible for special tariff treatment under any of the free trade agreements or preference
programs listed in general note 3(c)(i) to the tariff schedule, the duties provided in heading 9903.79.01 shall be collected in
addition to any special rate of duty otherwise applicable under the appropriate tariff subheading. Goods for which entry is
claimed under a provision of chapter 98 and that are subject to the additional duties prescribed herein shall be eligible for
and subject to the terms of such provision and applicable U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) regulations, except
that duties under subheading 9802.00.60 shall be assessed based upon the full value of the imported article. No claim for
entry or for any duty exemption or reduction shall be allowed for semiconductor articles enumerated in subdivision (b) of this
note under a provision of chapter 99 that may set forth a lower rate of duty or provide duty-free treatment, taking into account
information supplied by CBP, but any additional duty prescribed in any provision of this subchapter or subchapter IV of chapter
99 shall be imposed in addition to the duties in heading 9903.79.01.

All antidumping, countervailing, or other duties and charges applicable to such goods shall continue to be imposed in addition
to the duties in heading 9903.79.01, except that such articles shall not be subject to:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

the additional duties imposed on entries of passenger vehicles and light trucks under headings 9903.94.01,
9903.94.03, 9903.94.31, 9903.94.40, 9903.94.41, 9903.94.50, 9903.94.51, 9903.94.60 and 9903.94.61;

the additional duties imposed on entries of parts for passenger vehicles and light trucks under headings 9903.94.05,
9903.94.07, 9903.94.32, 9903.94.33, 9903.94.42, 9903.94.43, 9903.94.44, 9903.94.45, 9903.94.52, 9903.94.53,
9903.94.54, 9903.94.55, 9903.94.62, 9903.94.63, 9903.94.64 and 9903.94.65;

the additional duties imposed on entries of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles under headings 9903.74.01,
9903.74.02 and 9903.74.03;

the additional duties imposed on entries of parts of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles under headings 9903.74.08
and 9903.74.09;

the additional duties imposed on entries of semi-finished copper products and copper-intensive derivative products
under heading 9903.78.01;

the additional duties imposed on entries of products of aluminum under headings 9903.85.02 and 9903.85.12;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative aluminum products under headings 9903.85.04, 9903.85.07,
9903.85.08, 9903.85.13, 9903.85.14 and 9903.85.15;

the additional duties imposed on entries of iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.87, 9903.81.88,
9903.81.94 and 9903.81.95;

the additional duties imposed on entries of derivative iron or steel products under headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90,
9903.81.91, 9903.81.93, 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97, 9903.81.98 and 9903.81.99;

(10)

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Canada under heading 9903.01.10;

(11)

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles the product of Mexico under heading 9903.01.01; and

(12)

the additional duties imposed on entries of articles under headings 9903.01.24–9903.01.76 and
9903.02.01–9903.02.71.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 362
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

For the purposes of this note, “semiconductor articles” refers to imported products meeting certain technical parameters
and that are classifiable in the provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in this subdivision:

8471.50
8471.80
8473.30

To be included within the definition of semiconductor articles, the imported products must be a logic integrated circuit, or an
article that contains a logic integrated circuit, that meets the technical parameters of having:

(1)

(2)

a total processing performance greater than 14,000 and less than 17,500, and a total DRAM bandwidth greater
than 4,500 GB/s and less than 5,000 GB/s; or

a total processing performance greater than 20,800 and less than 21,100, and total DRAM bandwidth greater
than 5,800 GB/s and less than 6,200 GB/s.

For the purposes of this note, total processing performance (TPP) is 2 × “MacTOPS” × “bit length of the operation,”
aggregated over all processing units on the integrated circuit. “MacTOPS” is the theoretical peak number of Tera
(1012) operations per second for multiply-accumulate computation (D = A × B + C). The 2 in the TPP formula is based
on the industry convention of counting one multiply-accumulate computation (D = A × B + C) as two operations for
purpose of product datasheets. Therefore, 2 × “MacTOPS” may correspond to the reported TOPS or FLOPS on a
product datasheet. The “bit length of the operation” for a multiply-accumulate computation is the largest bit-length
of the inputs to the multiply operation. The TPP for the imported product is determined by aggregating the TPP for
each processing unit on the integrated circuit: TPP = TPP1 + TPP2 + … + TPPn (where n is the number of processing
units on the integrated circuit). The rate of “MacTOPS” is to be calculated at its maximum value theoretically possible.
The rate of “MacTOPS” is assumed to be the highest value the manufacturer claims in annual or brochure for the
integrated circuit. For example, a “TPP” threshold of 4800 can be met with 600 tera integer operations (or 2 × 300
“MacTOPS”) at 8 bits or 300 tera FLOPS (or 2 × 150 “MacTOPS”) at 16 bits. If the integrated circuit is designed for
MAC computation with multiple bit lengths that achieve different “TPP” values, the highest “TPP” value should be
used. For integrated circuits that provide processing of both sparse and dense matrices, the “TPP” values are the
values for processing of dense matrices (e.g., without sparsity).

For the purposes of this note, “total DRAM bandwidth” refers to the aggregate memory bandwidth in gigabytes per
second between the integrated circuit (IC) and dynamic random access memory (DRAM) ICs, including copackaged
DRAM ICs and non-copackaged DRAM ICs. Copackaged DRAM ICs include, for example, high bandwidth memory
(HBM). Non-copackaged DRAM ICs include, for example, graphics double data rate (GDDR) ICs. “Total DRAM
bandwidth” does not include bandwidth from DRAM ICs accessed remotely over an interconnect medium.

(c)

(d)

Heading 9903.79.02 applies to entries of articles that are classifiable under provisions of the HTSUS enumerated in
subdivision (b) of this note but that do not meet the technical parameters specified in subdivision (b) of this note.

Certain semiconductor articles that would otherwise meet the requirements of subdivision (b) of this note are excluded
from the additional rate of duty pursuant to heading 9903.79.01. Instead, such semiconductor articles are subject to the
following headings:

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

Heading 9903.79.03 applies to semiconductor articles for use in U.S. data centers;

Heading 9903.79.04 applies to semiconductor articles for repairs or replacements performed in the United States;

Heading 9903.79.05 applies to semiconductor articles for research and development in the United States involving
these chips;

(iv)

Heading 9903.79.06 applies to semiconductor articles for use by startups in the United States;

(v)

Heading 9903.79.07 applies to semiconductor articles for use in non-data center consumer electronics applications
in the United States, including gaming, personal computing, professional visualization, workstation applications, and
automotive applications;

(vi)

Heading 9903.79.08 applies to semiconductor articles for use in non-data center civil industrial applications in the
United States, including factory robotics and industrial machinery; and

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 363

U.S. Notes (con.)

(vii)

Heading 9903.79.09 applies to semiconductor articles for use in United States public sector applications.

For the purposes of this note, a “U.S. data center” refers to a facility that requires greater than 100 megawatts (MW) of new
load dedicated to AI inference, training, simulation, or synthetic data generation.

For the purposes of this note, “research and development” is defined as any activity that is (a) a systematic, intensive study
directed toward greater knowledge or understanding of the subject studied; (b) a systematic study directed specifically toward
applying new knowledge to meet a recognized need; or (c) a systematic application of knowledge toward the production of
useful materials, devices, services or methods, and includes design, development and improvement of prototypes and new
processes to meet specific requirements.

For the purposes of this note, a “startup” is an “emerging growth company,” as defined at 15 U.S.C. § 77b(a)(19).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 364

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.01

1/

Except for products described in headings 9903.01.02,
9903.01.03, 9903.01.04 and 9903.01.05 articles the product
of Mexico, as provided for in U.S. note 2(a) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

No change.

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change.

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change.

the applicable
subheading

No change

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
35%

No change

No change

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading + 35%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

9903.01.02

1/

Articles the product of Mexico that are donations, by persons
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, of articles, such
as food, clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve
human suffering, as provided for in U.S. note 2(b) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

9903.01.03

1/

Articles the product of Mexico that are informational materials,
including but not limited to, publications, films, posters,
phonograph records, photographs, microfilms, microfiche,
tapes, compact disks, CD ROMs, artworks, and news wire
feeds...............................................................................................

1/

1/

9903.01.04

1/

Articles that are entered free of duty under the terms of general
note 11 to the HTSUS, including any treatment set forth in
subchapter XXIII of chapter 98 and subchapter XXII of chapter
99 of the HTS, as related to the USMCA...................................

1/

9903.01.05

1/

Potash that is a product of Mexico, as provided for in U.S. note
2(c) to this subchapter..................................................................

1/

9903.01.10

1/

Except for products described in headings 9903.01.11,
9903.01.12, 9903.01.13, 9903.01.14 or 9903.01.15, articles
the product of Canada, as provided for in U.S. note 2(j) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.01.11

1/

Articles the product of Canada that are donations, by persons
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, of articles, such
as food, clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve
human suffering, as provided for in U.S. note 2(k) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.12

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 365

2

Articles the product of Canada that are informational materials,
including but not limited to, publications, films, posters,
phonograph records, photographs, microfilms, microfiche,
tapes, compact disks, CD ROMs, artworks, and news wire
feeds...............................................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

9903.01.13

1/

Except for products described in headings 9903.01.11,
9903.01.12, 9903.01.14 and 9903.01.15 and other than
products for personal use included in accompanied baggage
of persons arriving in the United States, articles the product
of Canada:

Crude oil, natural gas, lease condensates, natural gas
liquids, refined petroleum products, uranium, coal, biofuels,
geothermal heat, the kinetic movement of flowing water,
and critical minerals, as defined by 30 U.S.C.
1606(a)(3)...............................................................................

1/

9903.01.14

1/

Articles that are entered free of duty under the terms of general
note 11 to the HTSUS, including any treatment set forth in
subchapter XXIII of chapter 98 and subchapter XXII of chapter
99 of the HTS, as related to the USMCA...................................

1/

9903.01.15

1/

Potash that is a product of Canada, as provided for in U.S.
note 2(I) to this subchapter..........................................................

1/

9903.01.16

1/

Except for products described in 9903.01.11, 9903.01.12, and
9903.01.14, articles the product of Canada as provided for in
subdivision (m) to note 2 to this subchapter and determined
by CBP to have been transshipped to evade applicable
duties..............................................................................................

1/

9903.01.20

1/

Except for products described in headings 9903.01.21,
9903.01.22, or 9903.01.23 articles the product of China and
Hong Kong, as provided for in U.S. note 2(s) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading + 10%

No change

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

No change

No change

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading
+10%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
40%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading + 10%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 366

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.21

1/

Articles the product of China and Hong Kong that are
donations, by persons subject to the jurisdiction of the United
States, of articles, such as food, clothing, and medicine,
intended to be used to relieve human suffering, as provided
for in U.S. note 2(t) to this subchapter........................................

1/

1/

1/

9903.01.22

1/

Articles the product of China and Hong Kong that are
informational materials, including but not limited to,
publications, films, posters, phonograph records, photographs,
microfilms, microfiche, tapes, compact disks, CD ROMs,
artworks, and news wire feeds....................................................

9903.01.23

1/

Except for products described in headings 9903.01.21 and
9903.01.22, and other than products for personal use included
in accompanied baggage of persons arriving in the United
States, articles the product of China and Hong Kong that: (1)
were loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading, or in transit
on the final mode of transport prior to entry into the United
States, before 12:01 a.m. eastern standard time on February
1, 2025; and (2) are entered for consumption, or withdrawn
from warehouse for consumption, on or after 12:01 a.m. eastern
standard time on February 4, 2025, and before 12:01 a.m.
eastern standard time on March 7, 2025...................................

9903.01.24

1/

Except for products described in headings 9903.01.21,
9903.01.22, 9903.01.23, articles the product of China and
Hong Kong, as provided for in U.S. note 2(u) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.01.25

1/

Articles the product of any country, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.26–9903.01.33,
9903.02.02–9903.02.91, 9903.96.01, and 9903.96.02, and
except as provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01,
as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.01.26

1/

Articles the product of Canada, as provided for in subdivision
(v)(iv) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter......................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

No Change

the applicable
subheading + 10%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 10%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 367

2

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.27

1/

9903.01.28

1/

Articles the product of Mexico, as provided for in subdivision
(v)(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.......................................

1/

Articles the product of any country that (1) were loaded onto
a vessel at the port of loading and in transit on the final mode
of transit prior to entry into the United States, before 12:01
a.m. eastern daylight time on April 5, 2025; and (2) are entered
for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
after 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on April 5, 2025............

1/

9903.01.29

1/

Articles the product of any country identified in general note
3(b).................................................................................................

1/

9903.01.30

1/

Articles that are donations, by persons subject to the
jurisdiction of the United States, such as food, clothing, and
medicine, intended to be used to relieve human suffering, as
provided for in subdivision (v)(ii) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.01.31

1/

Articles that are informational materials, including but not
limited to, publications, films, posters, phonograph records,
photographs, microfilms, microfiche, tapes, compact disks,
CD ROMs, artworks, and news wire feeds................................

1/

9903.01.32

1/

Articles the product of any country, classified in the
subheadings enumerated in subdivision (v)(iii)(a) of U.S. note
2 to this subchapter......................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 368

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.33

1/

Articles of iron or steel; derivative articles of iron or steel;
articles of aluminum; derivative articles of aluminum; wood
products; passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles,
crossover utility vehicles, minivans and cargo vans); light
trucks; parts of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility
vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans and cargo vans)
and light trucks; medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; parts of
medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; semiconductor articles;
semi-finished copper; and intensive copper derivative products,
of any country, as provided in subdivisions (v)(vi) through
(v)(xvi) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter....................................

1/

9903.01.34

1/

The U.S. content of articles the product of any country, in which
the U.S. content of the article provides at least 20 percent of
the Customs value of the imported article, as provided for in
subdivision (v)(xvii) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter..............

1/

9903.01.43

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Cameroon or the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as
provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter
[Compiler's note: provision terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg.
37963.]...........................................................................................

9903.01.44

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Chad or Equatorial Guinea, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...................................

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
11%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 11%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
13%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 13%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 369

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.45

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
14%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 14%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
16%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 16%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
17%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 17%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Nigeria, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated. See
90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..................................................................

9903.01.46

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Norway or Venezuela, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...................................

9903.01.47

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Mozambique, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2
to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

9903.01.48

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Israel, Malawi, Philippines, or Zambia, as provided for in
subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's
note: provision terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]......

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 370

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.49

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Nicaragua or Zimbabwe, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
18%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 18%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
20%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 20%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
21%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 21%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
22%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 22%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

9903.01.50

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of the
European Union or Jordan as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...................................

9903.01.51

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Côte d`Ivoire or Namibia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...................................

9903.01.52

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Vanuatu, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 371

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.53

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
24%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 24%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
26%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 26%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
27%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 27%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Brunei, Japan, or Malaysia, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...................................

9903.01.54

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
South Korea, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2
to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

9903.01.55

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
India, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated. See
90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..................................................................

9903.01.56

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Kazakhstan, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2
to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 372

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.57

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Tunisia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated. See
90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
28%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 28%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
29%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 29%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
30%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 30%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
31%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 31%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

9903.01.58

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Pakistan, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

9903.01.59

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Algeria, Nauru, or South Africa, as provided for in subdivision
(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note:
provision terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...............

9903.01.60

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Libya, Moldova, or Switzerland, as provided for in subdivision
(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note:
provision terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...............

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 373

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.61

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Angola, Fiji, Indonesia, or Taiwan, as provided for in
subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's
note: provision terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]......

9903.01.62

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
North Macedonia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...................................

9903.01.63

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 10, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28–9903.01.33, except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, and except as provided
for in U.S. note 2(w), articles the product of China, including
Hong Kong and Macau, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
suspended. See 90 Fed. Reg. 50729.]..................................

9903.01.64

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Bosnia and Herzegovina, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
32%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 32%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
33%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 33%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
34%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 34%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
35%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 35%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 374

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.65

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Thailand, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
36%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 36%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
37%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 37%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
38%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 38%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
39%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 39%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

9903.01.66

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Bangladesh, Botswana, Liechtenstein, or Serbia, as provided
for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter
[Compiler's note: provision terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg.
37963.]...........................................................................................

9903.01.67

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Guyana, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated. See
90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..................................................................

9903.01.68

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Iraq, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated. See
90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 375

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.69

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
40%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 40%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
41%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 41%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
44%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 44%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
46%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 46%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Mauritius, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

9903.01.70

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Falkland Islands or Syria, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...................................

9903.01.71

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Myanmar (Burma) or Sri Lanka, as provided for in subdivision
(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note:
provision terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]...............

9903.01.72

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Vietnam, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 376

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.73

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Madagascar, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2
to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
47%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 47%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
48%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 48%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
49%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 49%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 50%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

9903.01.74

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Laos, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated. See
90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..................................................................

9903.01.75

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Cambodia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

9903.01.76

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on April 9, 2025, except for products
described in headings 9903.01.28-9903.01.33, and except as
provided for in heading 9903.01.34, articles the product of
Lesotho, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision terminated.
See 90 Fed. Reg. 37963.]..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 377

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.77

1/

Except for products described in headings
9903.01.78-9903.01.83 and 9903.01.90, articles the product
of Brazil that are entered for consumption, or withdrawn from
warehouse for consumption, after 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight
time 7 days after the date of the executive order, excluding the
day the executive order is signed, as provided for in subdivision
(x) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler’s note:
Executive Order 14323 (90 Fed. Reg. 37739) was signed
on July 30, 2025, and became effective on August 6,
2025.].............................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

9903.01.78

1/

Articles the product of Brazil that (1) were loaded onto a vessel
at the port of loading and in transit on the final mode of transit
prior to entry into the United States, before 12:01 a.m. eastern
day light time 7 days after the date of the executive order,
excluding the day the executive order is signed; and (2) are
entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for
consumption before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on
October 5, 2025 [Compiler’s note: Executive Order 14323
(90 Fed. Reg. 37739) was signed on July 30, 2025, and
became effective on August 6, 2025.]..................................

9903.01.79

1/

Articles the product of Brazil that are donations, by persons
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, such as food,
clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve human
suffering, as provided for in subdivision (x)(ii) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

9903.01.80

1/

Articles the product of Brazil that are informational materials,
including but not limited to, publications, films, posters,
phonograph records, photographs, microfilms, microfiche,
tapes, compact disks, CD ROMs, artworks, and news wire
feeds...............................................................................................

9903.01.81

1/

Articles the product of Brazil, classified in the subheadings
enumerated in subdivision (x)(iii)(a) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
40%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 40%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles of civil aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft);
their engines, parts, and components; their other parts,
components, and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators
and their parts and components of Brazil, classified in the
subheadings enumerated in subdivision (x)(iv) of U.S. note 2
to this subchapter.........................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

XXII
99 - III - 378

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.82

1/

9903.01.83

1/

Articles of iron or steel; derivative articles of iron or steel;
articles of aluminum; derivative articles of aluminum; wood
products; passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles,
crossover utility vehicles, minivans and cargo vans); light
trucks; parts of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility
vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans and cargo vans)
and light trucks; medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; parts of
medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; semiconductor articles;
semi-finished copper; and intensive copper derivative products,
of Brazil, as provided in subdivisions (x)(v) through (x)(xv) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/

1/

1/

9903.01.84

1/

Except for products described in headings
9903.01.85-9903.01.89, articles the product of India that are
entered for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for
consumption, after 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on August
27, 2025, as provided for in subdivision (z) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

9903.01.85

1/

Articles the product of India that (1) were loaded onto a vessel
at the port of loading and in transit on the final mode of transit
prior to entry into the United States, before 12:01 a.m. eastern
daylight time on August 27, 2025; and (2) are entered for
consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on September 17,
2025...............................................................................................

9903.01.86

1/

Articles the product of India, classified in the subheadings
enumerated in subdivision (v)(iii) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 379

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.01.87

1/

Articles of iron or steel; derivative articles of iron or steel;
articles of aluminum; wood products; derivative articles of
aluminum; passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles,
crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans); light
trucks; parts of passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility
vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans)
and light trucks; medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; parts of
medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; semiconductor articles;
semi-finished copper; and intensive copper derivative products,
of India, as provided in subdivisions (z)(iii) through (z)(xiii) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/

1/

1/

9903.01.88

1/

Articles the product of India that are donations, by persons
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, such as food,
clothing, and medicine, intended to be used to relieve human
suffering, as provided for in subdivision (z)(xiv) of U.S. note 2
to this subchapter.........................................................................

9903.01.89

1/

Articles the product of India that are informational materials,
including but not limited to, publications, films, posters,
phonograph records, photographs, microfilms, microfiche,
tapes, compact disks, CD ROMs, artworks, and news wire
feeds...............................................................................................

9903.01.90

1/

Articles the product of Brazil, as provided for in subdivision
(x)(iii)(b) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................

1/

9903.02.01

1/

Articles the product of any country determined by U.S. Customs
and Border Protection to have been transshipped to evade
applicable duties under section 2 of Executive Order [Insert
EO number], as amended [Compiler's note: [Insert EO
Number] refers to Executive Order 14326, 90 Fed. Reg.
37963.]...........................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
40%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 40%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 380

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.02

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Afghanistan, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................................

9903.02.03

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Algeria, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.04

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Angola, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.05

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Bangladesh, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
30%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 30%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
20%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 20%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 381

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.06

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Bolivia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.07

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Bosnia and Herzegovina, as provided for in
subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.......................

9903.02.08

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Botswana, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.09

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Brazil, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
30%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 30%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 10%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 382

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.10

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Brunei, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.11

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Cambodia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.12

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Cameroon, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.13

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Chad, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
19%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 19%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 383

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.14

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Costa Rica, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................................

9903.02.15

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Côte d’Ivoire, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................................

9903.02.16

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Democratic Republic of the Congo, as provided
for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.............

9903.02.17

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Ecuador, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 384

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.18

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

1/

15%

15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Equatorial Guinea, as provided for in subdivision
(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter...........................................

9903.02.19

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5,
2025,except for products described in headings
9903.01.30–9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78 and
9903.02.74–9903.02.77, and except as provided for in
headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles the product of
the European Union, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent) rate of duty under column 1-General equal to or
greater than 15 percent, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.20

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30–9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78 and
9903.02.74–9903.02.77, and except as provided for in
headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles the product of
the European Union, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent) rate of duty under column 1-General less than 15
percent, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 385

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.21

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Falkland Islands, as provided for in subdivision
(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter...........................................

9903.02.22

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Fiji, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.23

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Ghana, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.24

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Guyana, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 10%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 386

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.25

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Iceland, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.26

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of India, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.27

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Indonesia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.28

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Iraq, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
19%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 19%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
35%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 35%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 387

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.29

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Israel, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.30

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Japan, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 44638]....................................

9903.02.31

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Jordan, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.32

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Kazakhstan, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 388

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.33

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Laos, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.34

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Lesotho, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.35

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Libya, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.36

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Liechtenstein, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 59281.]...................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
40%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 40%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
30%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 30%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 389

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.37

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Madagascar, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................................

9903.02.38

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Malawi, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.39

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Malaysia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.40

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Mauritius, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
19%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 19%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 390

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.41

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Moldova, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.42

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Mozambique, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................................

9903.02.43

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Myanmar (Burma), as provided for in subdivision
(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter...........................................

9903.02.44

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Namibia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
40%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 40%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 391

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.45

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Nauru, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.46

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of New Zealand, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................................

9903.02.47

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Nicaragua, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.48

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Nigeria, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
18%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 18%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 392

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.49

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of North Macedonia, as provided for in subdivision
(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter...........................................

9903.02.50

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Norway, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.51

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Pakistan, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.52

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Papua New Guinea, as provided for in
subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.......................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
19%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 19%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 393

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.53

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of the Philippines, as provided for in subdivision
(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter...........................................

9903.02.54

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Serbia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.55

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of South Africa, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.................................................

9903.02.56

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of South Korea, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: This
provision was terminated on November 14, 2025. See
90 Fed. Reg. 55964]...................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
19%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 19%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
35%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 35%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
30%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 30%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 394

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.57

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Sri Lanka, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.58

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Switzerland, as provided for in subdivision (v)
of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter [Compiler's note: provision
terminated. See 90 Fed. Reg. 59281.]...................................

9903.02.59

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Syria, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

9903.02.60

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Taiwan, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
20%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 20%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
39%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 39%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
41%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 41%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
20%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 20%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 395

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.61

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Thailand, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.62

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Trinidad and Tobago, as provided for in
subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.......................

9903.02.63

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Tunisia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.64

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Turkey, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S.
note 2 to this subchapter..............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
19%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 19%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 396

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.65

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Uganda, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.66

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34, 9903.02.01, and
9903.96.01, articles the product of the United Kingdom, as
provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

9903.02.67

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Vanuatu, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.68

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Venezuela, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 10%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 397

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.69

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Vietnam, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.70

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Zambia, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.71

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles
the product of Zimbabwe, as provided for in subdivision (v) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

9903.02.72

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34, 9903.02.01, and
9903.96.02, articles the product of Japan, with an ad valorem
(or ad valorem equivalent) rate of duty under column 1 equal
to or greater than 15 percent, as provided for in subdivision
(v) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter...........................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
20%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 20%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change.

the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 398

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.73

1/

Except for goods loaded onto a vessel at the port of loading
and in transit on the final mode of transit before 12:01 a.m.
eastern daylight time on August 7, 2025, and entered for
consumption or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption
before 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on October 5, 2025,
except for products described in headings
9903.01.30-9903.01.33 and 9903.02.78, and except as
provided for in headings 9903.01.34, 9903.02.01, and
9903.96.02, articles the product of Japan, with an ad valorem
(or ad valorem equivalent) rate of duty under column 1 less
than 15 percent, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note
2 to this subchapter......................................................................

9903.02.74

1/

Articles the product of the European Union, as provided for in
subdivision (v)(xx) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter................

1/

1/

9903.02.75

1/

Articles the product of the European Union, as provided for in
subdivision (v)(xxi) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter...............

1/

9903.02.76

1/

Articles of civil aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft);
their engines, parts, and components; their other parts,
components, and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators
and their parts and components of the European Union,
excluding unmanned aircraft, provided for in subdivision
(v)(xxii) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter...................................

1/

9903.02.77

1/

Articles the product of the European Union that are
non-patented articles for use in pharmaceutical applications,
provided for in subdivision (v)(xxiii) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.02.78

1/

Articles the product of any country, as provided for in
subdivision (v)(iii)(b) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.............

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1

15%

15%

No change

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.79

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 399

2

Except for products described in headings
9903.01.30–9903.01.33, 9903.02.78, and 9903.02.81, and
except as provided for in headings 9903.01.34, 9903.02.01,
articles the product of South Korea, with an ad valorem (or ad
valorem equivalent) rate of duty under column 1-General or
column 1-Special equal to or greater than 15 percent, as
provided for in subdivision (v)(xxiv)(a) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

9903.02.80

1/

Except for products described in headings
9903.01.30–9903.01.33, 9903.02.78, and 9903.02.81, and
except as provided for in headings 9903.01.34, 9903.02.01,
articles the product of South Korea, with an ad valorem (or ad
valorem equivalent) rate of duty under column 1-General or
column 1-Special less than 15 percent, as provided for in
subdivision (v)(xxiv)(a) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.........

1/

15%

15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

9903.02.81

1/

Articles of civil aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft);
their engines, parts, and components; their other parts,
components, and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators
and their parts and components of South Korea, excluding
unmanned aircraft, provided for in subdivision (v)(xxiv)(b) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/

9903.02.82

1/

Except for products described in headings
9903.01.30–9903.01.33, 9903.02.78, and
9903.02.84–9903.02.86, and except as provided for in
headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles the product of
Switzerland, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent)
rate of duty under column 1-General equal to or greater than
15 percent, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 400

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.83

1/

Except for products described in headings
9903.01.30–9903.01.33, 9903.02.78, and
9903.02.84–9903.02.86, and except as provided for inheadings
9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles the product of
Switzerland, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent)
rate of duty under column 1-General less than 15 percent, as
provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

15%

15%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

9903.02.84

1/

Articles the product of Switzerland, as provided for in
subdivision (v)(xxv)(b) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.........

1/

9903.02.85

1/

Articles of civil aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft);
their engines, parts, and components; their other parts,
components, and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators
and their parts and components of Switzerland, excluding
unmanned aircraft, provided for in subdivision (v)(xxv)(c) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/

9903.02.86

1/

Articles the product of Switzerland that are non-patented
articles for use in pharmaceutical applications, provided for in
subdivision (v)(xxv)(d) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.........

1/

9903.02.87

1/

Except for products described in headings
9903.01.30–9903.01.33, 9903.02.78, and
9903.02.89–9903.02.91, and except as provided for in
headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles the product of
Liechtenstein, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent)
rate of duty under column 1-General equal to or greater than
15 percent, as provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - III - 401

2

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

200%

No change

200%

200%

No change

200%

200%

No change

200%

200%

No change

200%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.02.88

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Except for products described in headings
9903.01.30–9903.01.33, 9903.02.78, and
9903.02.89–9903.02.91, and except as provided for in
headings 9903.01.34 and 9903.02.01, articles the product of
Liechtenstein, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent)
rate of duty under column 1-General less than 15 percent, as
provided for in subdivision (v) of U.S. note 2 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

15%

15%

9903.02.89

1/

Articles the product of Liechtenstein, as provided for in
subdivision (v)(xxv)(b) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.........

1/

9903.02.90

1/

Articles of civil aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft);
their engines, parts, and components; their other parts,
components, and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators
and their parts and components of Liechtenstein, excluding
unmanned aircraft, provided for in subdivision (v)(xxv)(c) of
U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.....................................................

1/

9903.02.91

1/

Articles the product of Liechtenstein that are non-patented
articles for use in pharmaceutical applications, provided for in
subdivision (v)(xxv)(d) of U.S. note 2 to this subchapter.........

1/

Blue-mold cheese:

9903.04.05

1/

In original loaves (provided for in subheading 0406.40.44,
0406.40.54, or 0406.40.70)..................................................

1/

9903.04.10

1/

Other (provided for in subheading 0406.20.15, 0406.20.24,
0406.20.28, 0406.30.05, 0406.30.14, 0406.30.18,
0406.40.48, 0406.40.58, or 0406.40.70)............................

9903.04.15

1/

Edam and Gouda cheeses (provided for in subheading
0406.20.44, 0406.20.48, 0406.30.44, 0406.30.48, 0406.90.16
or 0406.90.18)...............................................................................

9903.04.20

1/

Cheeses and substitutes for cheeses, valued over 11.3¢ per
kg, containing, or processed from, Italian-type cheeses, made
from cow's milk, not in original loaves (Romano made from
cow's milk, Reggiano, Parmesan, Provolone, Provoletti, Sbrinz
and Goya) (provided for in subheading 0406.20.77,
0406.20.79, 0406.30.77, 0406.30.79, 0406.90.66 or
0406.90.68)...................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

200%

No change

200%

200%

No change

200%

200%

No change

200%

200%

No change

200%

200%

No change

200%

200%

No change

200%

200%

No change

200%

XXII
99 - III - 402

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.04.25

1/

9903.04.30

1/

Endive, including Whitloof chicory, fresh, chilled, or frozen, not
reduced in size nor otherwise prepared or preserved (provided
for in subheading 0705.21 or 0705.29)......................................

Olives, prepared or preserved, in brine, not ripe and not pitted
or stuffed, not green in color and not packed in airtight
containers of glass, metal, or glass and metal (provided for in
subheading 2005.70.75)..............................................................

9903.04.35

1/

Pork hams and shoulders, boned and cooked, packed in
airtight containers holding less than 1.4 kg (provided for in
subheading 1602.41.20 or 1602.42.20).....................................

9903.04.40

1/

Carrots (whether or not reduced in size), prepared or
preserved, but not packed in salt, not in brine, nor pickled, in
airtight containers (provided for in subheading 2005.99.10)....

9903.04.45

1/

White still wines produced from grapes, containing not over
14 percent of alcohol by volume, in containers each holding
not over 3.8 liters, valued over $1.05 per liter (provided for in
subheading 2204.21.20, 2204.21.40 or 2204.29.20)...............

9903.04.50

1/

Brandy (other than pisco, singani and slivowitz), in containers
each holding not over 3.8 liters, valued over $3.43 per liter
(provided for in subheading 2208.20.40 or 2208.90.30)..........

9903.04.55

1/

Gin, in containers each holding not over 3.8 liters (provided
for in subheading 2208.50)..........................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 403

2

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.08.04

1/

9903.08.07

1/

9903.08.08

1/

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, the
Federal Republic of Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy,
Luxembourg, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, or the United Kingdom:

Bath preparations, other than bath salts (provided for in
subheading 3307.30.50).......................................................

1/

Handbags, whether or not with shoulder strap, including
those without handle, with outer surface of sheeting of
plastic (provided for in subheading 4202.22.15)................

Articles of a kind normally carried in the pocket or in the
handbag, with outer surface of sheeting of plastic, of
reinforced or laminated plastics (provided for in subheading
4202.32.10)............................................................................

9903.08.09

1/

Uncoated felt paper and paperboard in rolls or sheets
(provided for in subheading 4805.50).................................

9903.08.10

1/

Folding cartons, boxes and cases, of noncorrugated paper
or paperboard (provided for in subheading 4819.20)........

9903.08.11

1/

9903.08.13

1/

9903.08.14

1/

Lithographs on paper or paperboard, not over 0.51 mm in
thickness, printed not over 20 years at time of importation
(provided for in subheading 4911.91.20)............................

Bed linen, other than knit or crocheted, printed, of cotton,
other than containing any embroidery, lace, braid, edging,
trimming, piping or applique work, not napped (provided
for in subheading 6302.21.90)..............................................

Lead-acid storage batteries, other than of a kind used for
starting piston engines or as the primary source of electrical
power for electrically powered vehicles of subheading
8703.80.00 and 8703.90.01 (provided for in subheading
8507.20.80)............................................................................

9903.08.15

1/

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, the
Federal Republic of Germany, Greece, Ireland, Luxembourg,
Portugal, Spain, Sweden, or the United Kingdom:

Electrothermic coffee or tea makers, of a kind used for
domestic purposes (provided for in subheading
8516.71)..................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - III - 404

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.17.01

1/

9903.17.02

1/

9903.17.03

1/

9903.17.04

1/

9903.17.05

1/

9903.17.06

1/

9903.17.07

1/

9903.17.08

1/

9903.17.09

1/

9903.17.10

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sugars, syrups and molasses provided for in subheading
1701.12.10, 1701.91.10, 1701.99.10, 17012.90.10 or
2106.90.44, under the terms of U.S. note15 to this subchapter:

Described in U.S. note 15(a) to this subchapter:

Eligible to be imported under the first quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the second quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the third quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the fourth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the fifth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the sixth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the seven quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the eighth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the ninth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the tenth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 405

2

9903.17.21

1/

9903.17.22

1/

9903.17.23

1/

9903.17.24

1/

9903.17.25

1/

9903.17.26

1/

9903.17.27

1/

9903.17.28

1/

9903.17.29

1/

9903.17.30

1/

9903.17.31

1/

9903.17.32

1/

Sugars, syrups and molasses provided for in subheading
1701.12.10, 1701.91.10, 1701.99.10, 17012.90.10 or
2106.90.44, under the terms of U.S. note15 to this subchapter:
(con.)

Described in U.S. note 15(b) to this subchapter:

Eligible to be imported under the first quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the second quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the third quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the fourth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the fifth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the sixth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the seventh quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the eighth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the ninth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the tenth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the eleventh quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the twelfth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - III - 406

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.17.33

1/

9903.18.01

1/

9903.18.02

1/

9903.18.03

1/

9903.18.04

1/

9903.18.05

1/

9903.18.06

1/

9903.18.07

1/

9903.18.08

1/

9903.18.09

1/

9903.18.10

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Sugars, syrups and molasses provided for in subheading
1701.12.10, 1701.91.10, 1701.99.10, 17012.90.10 or
2106.90.44, under the terms of U.S. note15 to this subchapter:
(con.)

Described in U.S. note 15(b) to this subchapter: (con.)

Eligible to be imported under the thirteenth quota
period specified in a notice issued by the United States
Trade Representative in any 12 month period
commencing on October 1 in any year.........................

Described in U.S. note 15(c) to this subchapter:

Eligible to be imported under the first quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the second quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the third quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the fourth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the fifth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the sixth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the seventh quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the eighth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the ninth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

Eligible to be imported under the tenth quota period
specified in a notice issued by the United States Trade
Representative in any 12 month period commencing
on October 1 in any year................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 407

2

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

Free2/

No change

No change

No change

No change

No change

No change

No change

No change

Free

No change

No change

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.19.19

1/

Infant formula, put up for retail sale:

Provided for in subheading 1901.10.16, 1901.10.26,
1901.10.36 or 1901.10.44.....................................................

1/

9903.19.20

1/

Provided for in subheading 1901.10.29 or 1901.10.49......

1/

9903.19.21

9903.19.22

1/

1/

9903.19.23

1/

Infant formula:

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.97..............................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.99..............................

1/

Infant formula base powder to be used in manufacturing infant
formula in the United States, exported on or before November
14, 2022, by a party that has been determined by the Food
and Drug Administration to be authorized to lawfully market
infant formula in the United States or has received a letter of
enforcement discretion from the Food and Drug Administration
relating to the marketing of its infant formula in the United
States:

Provided for in subheading 1901.90.62 [Compiler's note:
Subheading was enacted; expired at the close of
Dec. 31, 2022].......................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Effective July 21, 2022 through December 31, 2022.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 408

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.27.01

1/

Articles the product of Ukraine:

Distillate and residual fuel oils (including blended fuel oils)
and wastes of distillate and residual fuel oils (whether or
not blended) (provided for in subheading 2710.19.06,
2710.19.11, 2710.20.05, 2710.20.10, 2710.99.05 or
2710.99.10)............................................................................

9903.27.02

1/

Rare gases, other than argon (provided for in subheading
2804.29.00)............................................................................

9903.27.03

1/

Germanium oxides and zirconium dioxide (provided for in
subheading 2825.60.00).......................................................

9903.27.04

1/

Carbides of silicon (provided for in subheading 2849.20.10
or 2849.20.20)........................................................................

9903.27.05

1/

Other mineral or chemical fertilizers, containing nitrates
and phosphates (provided for in subheading
3105.51.00)............................................................................

9903.27.06

1/

Pigments and preparations based on titanium dioxide
(provided for in subheading 3206.11.00 or 3206.19.00)....

9903.27.07

1/

9903.27.08

1/

9903.27.09

1/

Other uncoated, unbleached kraft paper and paperboard,
in rolls or sheets, weighing 225 g/m2 or more (provided
for in subheading 4804.51.00)..............................................

Other footwear with outer soles of rubber, plastics or
composition leather and uppers of leather (provided for in
subheading 6403.99.60, 6403.99.75 or 6403.99.90)........

Other footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics and
uppers of textile materials, with open toes or open heels,
or of the slip-on type (provided for in subheading
6404.19.35)............................................................................

9903.27.10

1/

Diamonds, unsorted (provided for in subheading
7102.10.00)............................................................................

9903.27.11

1/

Diamonds, nonindustrial (provided for in subheading
7102.31.00 or 7102.39.00)...................................................

9903.27.12

1/

Catalysts in the form of wire cloth or grill, of platinum
(provided for in subheading 7115.10.00)............................

9903.27.13

1/

Unrefined copper; copper anodes for electrolytic refining
(provided for in heading 7402.00.00)..................................

9903.27.14

1/

Other unwrought aluminum alloys (provided for in
subheading 7601.20.90).......................................................

9903.27.15

1/

Other refrigerating or freezing equipment; heat pumps
(provided for in subheading 8418.69.00)............................

9903.40.05

1/

9903.40.10

1/

New pneumatic tires, of rubber, the foregoing the product
China, under the terms of U.S. note 14 to this subchapter:

Radial tires of a kind used on motor cars (other than racing
cars), station wagons, sport utility vehicles, vans and
on-the-highway light trucks (provided for in subheading
4011.10.10 or 4011.20.10)...................................................

Other tires of a kind used on motor cars (other than racing
cars), station wagons, sport utility vehicles, vans and
on-the-highway light trucks (provided for in subheading
4011.10.50 or 4011.20.50)...................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

25%

25%

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.41.05

1/

9903.41.10

1/

9903.41.15

1/

9903.41.20

1/

9903.41.25

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 409

2

Articles the product of Japan:

Bovine (including buffalo) and equine leather (provided for
in heading 4104 or 4107); goat, kid, sheep and lamb
leather, the foregoing dyed, colored, stamped or embossed
(provided for in heading 4105, 4106, 4112 or 4113).........

1/

40%

Footwear with outer soles of leather and uppers wholly or
in part of leather, and footwear with outer soles of rubber
or plastics and uppers having an exterior surface area
predominantly of leather, the foregoing provided for in
chapter 64, except (a) slip-on footwear of a type not
suitable for outdoor use, without backs or backstraps,
having outer soles with a thickness of less than 5 mm and
with less than 20 mm difference between the thickness of
the bottom at the ball of the foot and at the heel, and (b)
footwear which is designed for a sporting activity and has,
or has provision for, attached spikes, sprigs, stops, clips,
bars or the like, and skating boots, ski-boots and
cross-country ski footwear, wrestling boots, boxing boots
and cycling shoes...................................................................

Automatic data processing machines, of the type of which
the constituent units are integrated in the same housing,
whether finished or unfinished, which incorporate a
microprocessor-based calculating mechanism, are capable
of handling data words of at least 16-bits off the
microprocessor, and are designed for use with a
non-cathode-ray tube (non-CRT) display unit, whether or
not capable of use without an external power source
(provided for in subheading 8471.30 or 8471.41)..............

Automatic data processing machines, of the type of which
the constituent units are separately housed, whether
finished or unfinished, which incorporate a
microprocessor-based calculating mechanism, are capable
of handling data words of at least 16-bits off the
microprocessor, designed for use while affixed to or placed
on a table, desk, or similar place:

Having a microprocessor-based calculating
mechanism capable of directly handling memory of
over 8 megabits (provided for in subheading
8471.49.10 or 8471.50)..................................................

Having a microprocessor-based calculating
mechanism capable of directly handling memory of
not over 8 megabits (provided for in subheading
8471.49.10 or 8471.50)..................................................

1/

40%

1/

100%

1/

1/

100%

100%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 410

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Articles the product of Japan: (con.)

Rotary drills, not battery powered, with a chuck capacity
of 1/2 inch or more; electropneumatic rotary and percussion
hammers; and grinders, sanders, and polishers (except
angle grinders, sanders, and polishers, belt sanders, and
orbital and straight-line sanders), the foregoing which are
electromechanical tools for working in the hand with
self-contained electric motor:

Electropneumatic rotary and percussion hammers
(provided for in subheading 8467.29)...........................

Other (provided for in subheading 8467.21 or
8467.29)...........................................................................
Complete color television receivers containing in a single
housing apparatus for receiving and displaying off-the-air
each standard U.S. broadcast channel, with or without
external speakers, having a single picture tube intended
for direct viewing, with a video display diagonal exceeding
45 cm but not exceeding 50 cm (provided for in subheading
8528.72.32 or 8528.72.48)...................................................

Complete color television receivers containing in a single
housing apparatus for receiving and displaying off-the-air
each standard U.S. broadcast channel, with or without
external speakers, having a single picture tube intended
for direct viewing, with a video display diagonal exceeding
50 cm but not exceeding 52 cm (provided for in subheading
8528.72.32 or 8528.72.48)...................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

Household-type (residential) washing machines, including
machines which both wash and dry, whether or not with a dry
linen capacity exceeding 10 kg (as defined in note 17(c) to this
subchapter and provided for in subheading 8450.11.00 or
8450.20.00), when entered from a country other than a country
enumerated in note 17(b) to this subchapter:

If entered in an aggregate quantity, in any quarterly period
specified in note 17(i) to this subchapter, not exceeding
300,000 units in any such quarterly period, under the terms
of such note............................................................................

1/

9903.41.30

1/

9903.41.35

9903.41.40

1/

1/

9903.41.45

1/

9903.45.01

1/

9903.45.02

1/

Other........................................................................................

1/

Parts of household-type (residential) washing machines (such
machines described in subheading 9903.45.01 and 9903.45.02
and defined in note 17(c) to this subchapter), such parts
provided for in subheading 8450.90.20 or 8450.90.60 and
enumerated in note 17(f) to this subchapter, when entered
from a country other than a country specified in note 17(b) to
this subchapter:?

If entered in an annual aggregate quantity not exceeding
the quantity specified in note 17(g) to this subchapter,
under the terms of such note................................................

1/

9903.45.05

1/

9903.45.06

1/

Other........................................................................................

1/

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

100%

100%

100%

100%

14%2/

30%2/

55%2/

85%2/

No change

30%3/

No change

90%3/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ See US note 17(d) for staged duty rates for 9903.45.01 and 17(e) for 9903.45.02.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells, as defined in note 18(c)
to this subchapter, when the product or originating good of a
country other than a country described in note 18(b) to this
subchapter, except as provided in heading 9903.45.27:

XXII
99 - III - 411

2

9903.45.21

1/

If entered in an annual aggregate quantity not exceeding
12.5 gigawatts, under the terms of such note.....................

1/

No change

No change

No change

30%4/

30%4/

65%4/

30%4/

No change

No change

No change

No change

No change

9903.45.22

9903.45.25

1/

1/

9903.45.27

1/

9903.45.29

1/

9903.52.00

1/

Other........................................................................................

1/

Modules as defined in note 18(g) to this subchapter, when the
product or originating good of a country other than a country
described in note 18(b) to this subchapter, except as provided
in heading 9903.45.27 or heading 9903.45.29.........................

Crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells, as defined in note 18(c)
to this subchapter, and modules as defined in note 18(g) to
this subchapter, all the foregoing when the product and
originating good of Canada..........................................................

Bifacial solar panels, as defined in and meeting the conditions
of U.S. note 18(j) to this subchapter, that absorb light and
generate electricity on each side of the panel and that consist
of only bifacial solar cells that absorb light and generate
electricity on each side of the cells.............................................

1/

1/

1/

Notwithstanding any other quantitative limitations on the
importation of cotton, upland cotton, if accompanied by an
original certificate of an official of a government agency of the
country in which the cotton was produced attesting to the fact
that the cotton is a variety of Gossypium hirsutum cotton, may
be entered in conformity with the terms and conditions in U.S.
note 6(b) of this subchapter in such quantities as specified in
the determination and announcement by the Secretary of
Agriculture in accordance with U.S. note 6(b)(i) during the
90-day period following the effective date of such determination
and announcement:

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Limited Global Import Quota
Announcement.......................................................................

1/

3/ See note 17(h) to this subchapter.
1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
4/ See note 18(f) for staged duty rates for 9903.45.22 and 18(h) for 9903.45.25.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 412

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Notwithstanding any other quantitative limitations on the
importation of cotton, upland cotton, if accompanied by an
original certificate of an official of a government agency of the
country in which the cotton was produced attesting to the fact
that the cotton is a variety of Gossypium hirsutum cotton, and
a certification by the importer that such cotton was purchased
not later that 90 days after the effective date of the Secretary
of Agriculture's announcement of the quota, may be entered
in conformity with the terms and conditions in U.S. note 6(a)
of this subchapter in such quantities as specified in the
determination and announcement by the Secretary of
Agriculture in accordance with U.S. note 6(a)(i) during the
180-day period following the effective date of such
determination and announcement:

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 1................................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 2................................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 3................................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 4................................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 5................................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 6................................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 7................................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 8................................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 9................................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 10..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 11..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 12..............................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9903.52.01

1/

9903.52.02

1/

9903.52.03

1/

9903.52.04

1/

9903.52.05

1/

9903.52.06

1/

9903.52.07

1/

9903.52.08

1/

9903.52.09

1/

9903.52.10

1/

9903.52.11

1/

9903.52.12

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 2.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 413

2

Notwithstanding any other quantitative limitations on the
importation of cotton, upland cotton, if accompanied by an
original certificate of an official of a government agency of the
country in which the cotton was produced attesting to the fact
that the cotton is a variety of Gossypium hirsutum cotton, and
a certification by the importer that such cotton was purchased
not later that 90 days after the effective date of the Secretary
of Agriculture's announcement of the quota, may be entered
in conformity with the terms and conditions in U.S. note 6(a)
of this subchapter in such quantities as specified in the
determination and announcement by the Secretary of
Agriculture in accordance with U.S. note 6(a)(i) during the
180-day period following the effective date of such
determination and announcement: (con.)

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 13..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 14..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 15..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 16..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 17..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 18..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 19..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 20..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 21..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 22..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 23..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 24..............................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9903.52.13

1/

9903.52.14

1/

9903.52.15

1/

9903.52.16

1/

9903.52.17

1/

9903.52.18

1/

9903.52.19

1/

9903.52.20

1/

9903.52.21

1/

9903.52.22

1/

9903.52.23

1/

9903.52.24

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 2.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 414

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.52.25

1/

9903.52.26

1/

9903.53.01

1/

9903.55.01

1/

Notwithstanding any other quantitative limitations on the
importation of cotton, upland cotton, if accompanied by an
original certificate of an official of a government agency of the
country in which the cotton was produced attesting to the fact
that the cotton is a variety of Gossypium hirsutum cotton, and
a certification by the importer that such cotton was purchased
not later that 90 days after the effective date of the Secretary
of Agriculture's announcement of the quota, may be entered
in conformity with the terms and conditions in U.S. note 6(a)
of this subchapter in such quantities as specified in the
determination and announcement by the Secretary of
Agriculture in accordance with U.S. note 6(a)(i) during the
180-day period following the effective date of such
determination and announcement: (con.)

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 25..............................................................................

Purchased and entered pursuant to the Secretary of
Agriculture's Special Cotton Import Quota Announcement
Number 26..............................................................................

Articles the product of Canada, or originating goods of Canada
under the terms of general note 12 to the tariff schedule:

Softwood lumber products described in U.S. note 13 to
this subchapter, whose Region of Origin is Manitoba,
Ontario, Quebec or Saskatchewan2/....................................

Fine denier polyester staple fiber, as defined in U.S. note 32(c)
to this subchapter:

Entered under temporary importation bond in aggregate
quantities not exceeding the amount specified in U.S. note
32(a) to this subchapter for any period specified in such
note, when the product of any country not exempt under
U.S. note 32(b) to this subchapter.......................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9903.74.01

1/

Medium- and heavy-duty vehicles as provided for in subdivision
(b) of U.S. note 38 to this subchapter.........................................

9903.74.02

1/

Buses and other vehicles classified in HTSUS heading 8702
as provided for in subdivision (c) of U.S. note 38 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 2.
2/ The provisions of this heading and referenced note have expired.
1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

10%

10% (CA)

Free

No change

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 10%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
10%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 415

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.74.03

1/

Medium- and heavy-duty vehicles, as provided for in
subdivision (d) of U.S. note 38 to this subchapter....................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading + a
duty of 25%
upon the value
of the non-U.S.
content

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading + a
duty of 25% upon
the value of the
non- U.S. content

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

9903.74.05

1/

Articles as provided for in subdivision (e) of U.S. note 38 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

9903.74.06

1/

Articles as provided for in subdivision (f) of U.S. note 38 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.74.07

1/

Medium- and heavy-duty vehicles, as provided for in
subdivision (g) of U.S. note 38 to this subchapter....................

1/

9903.74.08

1/

Medium- and heavy-duty vehicle parts, as provided for in
subdivision (i) of U.S. note 38 to this subchapter......................

1/

9903.74.09

1/

Medium- and heavy-duty vehicle parts, as provided for in
subdivision (j) of U.S. note 38 to this subchapter......................

1/

9903.74.10

1/

Articles as provided for in subdivision (k) of U.S. note 38 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

9903.74.11

1/

Articles as provided for in subdivision (l) of U.S. note 38 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note.
1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 416

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

9903.76.01

1/

Softwood timber and lumber products provided for in
subdivision (b) of U.S. note 37 of this subchapter....................

1/

9903.76.02

1/

Upholstered wooden furniture products provided for in
subdivision (d) of U.S. note 37 of this subchapter....................

1/

9903.76.03

1/

Completed kitchen cabinets and vanities and parts of kitchen
cabinets and vanities provided for in subdivision (f) of U.S.
note 37 of this subchapter...........................................................

1/

9903.76.04

1/

Articles as provided for in subdivision (g) of U.S. note 37 of
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

9903.76.20

1/

Wood products of the United Kingdom as provided for in
subdivisions (d) and (f) of U.S. note 37 of this subchapter......

1/

9903.76.21

1/

Wood products of Japan as provided for in subdivisions (d)
and (f) of U.S. note 37 of this subchapter..................................

9903.76.22

1/

Wood products of the European Union as provided for in
subdivisions (d) and (f) of U.S. note 37 of this subchapter......

9903.76.23

1/

Wood products of South Korea as provided for in subdivisions
(d) and (f) of U.S. note 37 of this subchapter............................

9903.78.01

2/

Semi-finished copper and intensive copper derivative products
provided for in subdivision (b) of note 36 to this subchapter....

1/

1/

1/

2/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading + 10%

15%

15%

15%

15%

15%

15%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading + a
duty of 50%
upon the value
of the copper
content

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + a
duty of 50% upon
the value of the
copper content

No change

No change

No change

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
a duty of 50%
upon the
value of the
copper
content

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ The quantity of copper shall be reported in kg in addition to the units provided in chapters 1 through 97 for the copper article. See
chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Articles as provided for in subdivision (c) of U.S. note 36 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.78.02

1/

XXII
99 - III - 417

2

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading
+25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading
+25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading +25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

9903.79.01

1/

Semiconductor articles as provided for in subdivisions (a) and
(b) of U.S. note 39 to this subchapter.........................................

1/

9903.79.02

1/

Articles as provided for in subdivision (c) of U.S. note 39 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

9903.79.03

1/

Semiconductor articles, as defined in subdivision (b) of U.S.
note 39 to this subchapter, that are for use in U.S. data centers,
as defined in subdivision (d) of U.S. note 39 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.79.04

1/

Semiconductor articles, as defined in subdivision (b) of U.S.
note 39 to this subchapter, that are for repairs or replacement
in the United States......................................................................

1/

9903.79.05

1/

Semiconductor articles, as defined in subdivision (b) of U.S.
note 39 to this subchapter, that are for research and
development in the United States, as defined in subdivision
(d) of U.S. note 39 to this subchapter.........................................

1/

9903.79.06

1/

Semiconductor articles, as defined in subdivision (b) of U.S.
note 39 to this subchapter, that are for use by startups in the
United States, as defined in subdivision (d) of U.S. note 39 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 418

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.79.07

1/

Semiconductor articles, as defined in subdivision (b) of U.S.
note 39 to this subchapter, that are for use in non-data center
consumer electronics applications in the United States...........

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

9903.79.08

1/

Semiconductor articles, as defined in subdivision (b) of U.S.
note 39 to this subchapter, that are for use in non-data center
civil industrial applications in the United States........................

1/

9903.79.09

1/

Semiconductor articles, as defined in subdivision (b) of U.S.
note 39 to this subchapter, that are for use in United States
public sector applications............................................................

1/

9903.80.01

1/

Except for derivative iron or steel products described in heading
9903.80.03, products of iron or steel provided for in the tariff
headings or subheadings enumerated in note 16 to this
subchapter, except products of Australia, of Argentina, of
Brazil, of Canada, of Mexico (as specified in subdivision (h)(i)
of such U.S. note 16), of South Korea, of member countries of
the European Union specified in subdivision (f) of such U.S.
note 16 or of Japan, or of the United Kingdom, or of Ukraine
entered under the terms of such U.S. note 16, under any
provisions that may be established by the Department of
Commerce under such U.S. note 16, or any exclusions that
may be determined and announced by the Department of
Commerce.....................................................................................

9903.80.03

1/

Derivative iron or steel products enumerated in U.S. note
16(a)(ii) to this subchapter, except products of Argentina, of
Australia, of Brazil, of Canada, of Mexico (as specified in
subdivision (h)(ii) of such U.S. note 16), of South Korea, of
member countries of the European Union enumerated in note
16(f) to this subchapter or of Japan, or of the United Kingdom,
or of Ukraine entered under the terms of such U.S. note 16,or
any exclusions that may be determined and announced by the
Department of Commerce............................................................

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 419

2

9903.80.05

1/

9903.80.06

1/

9903.80.07

1/

9903.80.08

1/

9903.80.09

1/

Except as provided in subheadings 9903.80.60 through
9903.80.62, iron or steel products of Argentina, of Brazil, or of
South Korea enumerated in U.S. note 16(b) to this subchapter,
if entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (e)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2018
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(e):

Hot-rolled sheet, provided for in subheading 7208.10.60,
7208.26.00, 7208.27.00, 7208.38.00, 7208.39.00,
7208.40.60, 7208.53.00, 7208.54.00, 7208.90.00,
7225.30.70 or 7225.40.70.....................................................

Hot-rolled strip, provided for in subheading 7211.19.15,
7211.19.20, 7211.19.30, 7211.19.45, 7211.19.60,
7211.19.75, 7226.91.70 or 7226.91.80...............................

Hot-rolled plate, in coils, provided for in subheading
7208.10.15, 7208.10.30, 7208.25.30, 7208.25.60,
7208.36.00, 7208.37.00, 7211.14.00 (except for statistical
reporting numbers 7211.14.0030 and 7211.14.0045) or
7225.30.30..............................................................................

Cold-rolled sheet and other products, provided for in
subheading 7209.15.00, 7209.16.00, 7209.17.00,
7209.18.15, 7209.18.60, 7209.25.00, 7209.26.00,
7209.27.00, 7209.28.00, 7209.90.00, 7210.70.30,
7225.50.70, 7225.50.80 or 7225.99.00...............................

Cold-rolled strip and other products, provided for in
subheading 7211.23.15, 7211.23.20, 7211.23.30,
7211.23.45, 7211.23.60, 7211.29.20, 7211.29.45,
7211.29.60, 7211.90.00, 7212.40.10, 7212.40.50,
7226.92.50, 7226.92.70, 7226.92.80 or 7226.99.01 (except
for statistical reporting numbers 7226.99.0110 and
7226.99.0130)........................................................................

9903.80.10

1/

Cold-rolled black plate, provided for in subheading
7209.18.25..............................................................................

9903.80.11

1/

9903.80.12

1/

9903.80.13

1/

Plate in cut lengths, provided for in subheading 7208.40.30,
7208.51.00, 7208.52.00, 7210.90.10, 7211.13.00,
7211.14.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7211.14.0090), 7225.40.30, 7225.50.60 or 7226.91.50....

Flat-rolled products, hot-dipped, provided for in subheading
7210.41.00, 7210.49.00, 7210.70.60 (except for statistical
reporting numbers 7210.70.6030 and 7210.70.6090),
7212.30.10, 7212.30.30, 7212.30.50, 7225.92.00 or
7226.99.01 (except for statistical reporting numbers
7226.99.0110 and 7226.99.0180).......................................

Flat-rolled products, coated, provided for in subheading
7210.20.00, 7210.61.00, 7210.69.00, 7210.70.60 (except
for statistical reporting numbers 7210.70.6030 and
7210.70.6060), 7210.90.60, 7210.90.90, 7212.50.00 or
7212.60.00..............................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9903.80.14

9903.80.15

1/

1/

Tin-free steel, provided for in subheading 7210.50.00......

1/

Tin plate, provided for in subheading 7210.11.00,
7210.12.00 or 7212.10.00.....................................................

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - III - 420

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.80.16

1/

9903.80.17

1/

9903.80.18

1/

9903.80.19

1/

9903.80.20

1/

9903.80.21

1/

9903.80.22

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Except as provided in subheadings 9903.80.60 through
9903.80.62, iron or steel products of Argentina, of Brazil, or of
South Korea enumerated in U.S. note 16(b) to this subchapter,
if entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (e)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2018
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(e): (con.)

Silicon electrical steel sheets and strip, provided for in
subheading 7225.11.00, 7225.19.00, 7226.11.10,
7226.11.90, 7226.19.10 or 7226.19.90...............................

1/

Sheets and strip electrolytically coated or plated with zinc,
provided for in subheading 7210.30.00, 7210.70.60 (except
for statistical reporting numbers 7210.70.6060 and
7210.70.6090), 7212.20.00, 7225.91.00 or 7226.99.01
(except for statistical reporting numbers 7226.99.0130 and
7226.99.0180)........................................................................

Oil country pipe and tube goods, provided for in
subheading 7304.23.30, 7304.23.60, 7304.29.10,
7304.29.20, 7304.29.31, 7304.29.41, 7304.29.50,
7304.29.61, 7305.20.20, 7305.20.40, 7305.20.60,
7305.20.80, 7306.29.10, 7306.29.20, 7306.29.31,
7306.29.41, 7306.29.60 or 7306.29.81...............................

Line pipe exceeding 406.4 mm in outside diameter,
provided for in subheading 7304.19.10 (except for
statistical reporting numbers 7304.19.1020, 7304.19.1030,
7304.19.1045 and 7304.19.1060), 7304.19.50 (except for
statistical reporting numbers 7304.19.5020 and
7304.19.5050), 7305.11.10, 7305.11.50, 7305.12.10,
7305.12.50, 7305.19.10 or 7305.19.50...............................

Line pipe not exceeding 406.4 mm in outside diameter,
provided for in subheading 7304.19.10 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.19.1080), 7304.19.50
(except for statistical reporting number 7304.19.5080),
7306.19.10 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.19.1050) or 7306.19.51 (except for statistical
reporting number 7306.19.5150).........................................

Other line pipe, provided for in subheading 7306.19.10
(except for statistical reporting number 7306.19.1010) or
7306.19.51 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.19.5110)........................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Standard pipe, provided for in subheading 7304.39.00
(except for statistical reporting numbers 7304.39.0002,
7304.39.0004, 7304.39.0006, 7304.39.0008,
7304.39.0028, 7304.39.0032, 7304.39.0040,
7304.39.0044, 7304.39.0052, 7304.39.0056,
7304.39.0068 and 7304.39.0072), 7304.59.80 (except for
statistical reporting numbers 7304.59.8020, 7304.59.8025,
7304.59.8035, 7304.59.8040, 7304.59.8050,
7304.59.8055, 7304.59.8065 and 7304.59.8070) or
7306.30.50 (except for statistical reporting numbers
7306.30.5010, 7306.30.5015, 7306.30.5020 and
7306.30.5035)........................................................................

1/

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 421

2

9903.80.23

1/

9903.80.24

1/

9903.80.25

1/

Except as provided in subheadings 9903.80.60 through
9903.80.62, iron or steel products of Argentina, of Brazil, or of
South Korea enumerated in U.S. note 16(b) to this subchapter,
if entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (e)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2018
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(e): (con.)

Structural pipe and tube, provided for in subheading
7304.90.10, 7304.90.30, 7305.31.20, 7305.31.40,
7305.31.60 (except for statistical reporting number
7305.31.6010), 7306.30.30, 7306.50.30, 7306.61.10,
7306.61.30, 7306.69.10 or 7306.69.30...............................

1/

Free

Mechanical tubing and other products, provided for in
subheading 7304.31.30, 7304.31.60 (except for statistical
reporting number 7304.31.6010), 7304.39.00 (except for
statistical reporting numbers 7304.39.0002, 7304.39.0004,
7304.39.0006, 7304.39.0008, 7304.39.0016,
7304.39.0020, 7304.39.0024, 7304.39.0036,
7304.39.0048, 7304.39.0062, 7304.39.0076 and
7304.39.0080), 7304.51.10, 7304.51.50 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.51.5005, 7304.51.5015
and 7304.51.5045), 7304.59.10, 7304.59.60, 7304.59.80
(except for statistical reporting numbers 7304.59.8010,
7304.59.8015, 7304.59.8030, 7304.59.8045,
7304.59.8060 and 7304.59.8080), 7304.90.50,
7304.90.70, 7306.30.10, 7306.30.50 (except for statistical
reporting numbers 7306.30.5010, 7306.30.5026,
7306.30.5027, 7306.30.5028, 7306.30.5031,
7306.30.5033, 7306.30.5041, 7306.30.5043,
7306.30.5056, 7306.30.5057, 7306.30.5085 and
7306.30.5090), 7306.50.10, 7306.50.50 (except for
statistical reporting number 7306.50.5010), 7306.61.50,
7306.61.70 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.61.7030), 7306.69.50 or 7306.69.70 (except for
statistical reporting number 7306.69.7030)........................

Pressure tubing and other products, provided for in
subheading 7304.31.60 (except for statistical reporting
number 7304.31.6050), 7304.39.00 (except for statistical
reporting numbers 7304.39.0016, 7304.39.0020,
7304.39.0024, 7304.39.0028, 7304.39.0032,
7304.39.0036, 7304.39.0040, 7304.39.0044,
7304.39.0048, 7304.39.0052, 7304.39.0056,
7304.39.0062, 7304.39.0068, 7304.39.0072,
7304.39.0076 and 7304.39.0080), 7304.51.50 (except for
statistical reporting numbers 7304.51.5005 and
7304.51.5060), 7304.59.20, 7306.30.50 (except for
statistical reporting numbers 7306.30.5015, 7306.30.5020,
7306.30.5026, 7306.30.5027, 7306.30.5028,
7306.30.5031, 7306.30.5033, 7306.30.5035,
7306.30.5041, 7306.30.5043, 7306.30.5056,
7306.30.5057, 7306.30.5085 and 7306.30.5090) or
7306.50.50 (except for statistical reporting numbers
7306.50.5030, 7306.50.5050 and 7306.50.5070).............

1/

Free

1/

1/

Free

Free

9903.80.26

1/

Tubes or pipes for piling and other products, provided for
in subheading 7305.39.10 or 7305.39.50...........................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 422

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.80.27

1/

Except as provided in subheadings 9903.80.60 through
9903.80.62, iron or steel products of Argentina, of Brazil, or of
South Korea enumerated in U.S. note 16(b) to this subchapter,
if entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (e)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2018
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(e): (con.)

Pipes and tubes, not specially provided for, provided for
in subheading 7304.51.50 (except for statistical reporting
numbers 7304.51.5015, 7304.51.5045 and 7304.51.5060),
7305.90.10, 7305.90.50, 7306.90.10 or 7306.90.50.........

9903.80.28

1/

Hot-rolled sheet of stainless steel, provided for in
subheading 7219.13.00, 7219.14.00, 7219.23.00 or
7219.24.00..............................................................................

9903.80.29

1/

Hot-rolled strip of stainless steel and other products,
provided for in subheading 7220.12.10 or 7220.12.50......

9903.80.30

1/

9903.80.31

1/

9903.80.32

1/

9903.80.33

1/

Hot-rolled plate of stainless steel, in coils, and other
products, provided for in subheading 7219.11.00 or
7219.12.00..............................................................................

Cold-rolled sheet of stainless steel and other products,
provided for in subheading 7219.32.00, 7219.33.00,
7219.34.00, 7219.35.00 or 7219.90.00...............................

Cold-rolled strip of stainless steel, provided for in
subheading 7220.20.10, 7220.20.60, 7220.20.70,
7220.20.80, 7220.20.90 or 7220.90.00...............................

Cold-rolled plate of stainless steel, in coils, provided for in
subheading 7219.31.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7219.31.0050)..........................................................

9903.80.34

1/

Wire of stainless steel, drawn, provided for in subheading
7223.00.10, 7223.00.50 or 7223.00.90...............................

9903.80.35

1/

Pipes and tubes of stainless steel, provided for in
subheading 7304.41.30, 7304.41.60, 7304.49.00,
7305.31.60 (except for statistical reporting number
7305.31.6090), 7306.40.10, 7306.40.50, 7306.61.70
(except 7306.61.7060) or 7306.69.70 (except for statistical
reporting number 7306.69.7060).........................................

9903.80.36

1/

Line pipe of stainless steel, provided for in subheading
7304.11.00 or 7306.11.00.....................................................

9903.80.37

1/

Bars and rods of stainless steel, cold finished, provided
for in subheading 7222.20.00 or 7222.30.00......................

9903.80.38

1/

9903.80.39

1/

Bars and rods of stainless steel, hot-rolled, provided for in
heading 7221.00.00 (except for statistical reporting
numbers 7221.00.0017, 7221.00.0018 and 7221.00.0030)
or subheading 7222.11.00, 7222.19.00 or 7222.40.30
(except for statistical reporting numbers 7222.40.3025 and
7222.40.3045)........................................................................

Blooms, billets and slabs of stainless steel and other
products, provided for in subheading 7218.91.00 and
7218.99.00..............................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 423

2

Except as provided in subheadings 9903.80.60 through
9903.80.62, iron or steel products of Argentina, of Brazil, or of
South Korea enumerated in U.S. note 16(b) to this subchapter,
if entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (e)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2018
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(e): (con.)

Oil country pipe and tube goods of stainless steel and other
products, provided for in subheading 7304.22.00,
7304.24.30, 7304.24.40, 7304.24.60, 7306.21.30,
7306.21.40 or 7306.21.80.....................................................

9903.80.40

1/

9903.80.41

1/

Ingot and other primary forms of stainless steel, provided
for in subheading 7218.10.00...............................................

9903.80.42

1/

9903.80.43

1/

9903.80.44

1/

9903.80.45

1/

9903.80.46

1/

9903.80.47

1/

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel, provided for in
subheading 7219.21.00, 7219.22.00, 7219.31.00 (except
for statistical reporting number 7219.31.0010) or
7220.11.00..............................................................................

Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils, of
stainless steel, provided for in heading 7221.00.00 (except
for statistical reporting numbers 7221.00.0005,
7221.00.0045 and 7221.00.0075).......................................

Angles, shapes and sections of stainless steel, provided
for in subheading 7222.40.30 (except for statistical
reporting numbers 7222.40.3065 and 7222.40.3085) or
7222.40.60..............................................................................

Angles, shapes and sections, provided for in subheading
7216.31.00, 7216.32.00, 7216.33.00, 7216.40.00,
7216.50.00, 7216.99.00, 7228.70.30 (except for statistical
reporting numbers 7228.70.3060 and 7228.70.3081) or
7228.70.60..............................................................................

Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils,
provided for in subheading 7213.91.30, 7213.91.45,
7213.91.60, 7213.99.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7213.99.0060), 7227.20.00 (except for statistical
reporting number 7227.20.0080) or 7227.90.60 (except
for statistical reporting numbers 7227.90.6005,
7227.90.6010, 7227.90.6040 and 7227.90.6090).............

Wire (other than of stainless steel), provided for in
subheading 7217.10.10, 7217.10.20, 7217.10.30,
7217.10.40, 7217.10.50, 7217.10.60, 7217.10.70,
7217.10.80, 7217.10.90, 7217.20.15, 7217.20.30,
7217.20.45, 7217.20.60, 7217.20.75, 7217.30.15,
7217.30.30, 7217.30.45, 7217.30.60, 7217.30.75,
7217.90.10, 7217.90.50, 7229.20.00, 7229.90.10,
7229.90.50 or 7229.90.90.....................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - III - 424

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.80.48

1/

9903.80.49

1/

9903.80.50

1/

9903.80.51

1/

9903.80.52

9903.80.53

1/

1/

9903.80.54

1/

9903.80.55

1/

9903.80.56

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Except as provided in subheadings 9903.80.60 through
9903.80.62, iron or steel products of Argentina, of Brazil, or of
South Korea enumerated in U.S. note 16(b) to this subchapter,
if entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (e)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2018
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(e): (con.)

Bars, hot-rolled, not of stainless steel, provided for in
subheading 7213.20.00, 7213.99.00 (except for statistical
reporting numbers 7213.99.0030 and 7213.99.0090),
7214.10.00, 7214.30.00, 7214.91.00, 7214.99.00,
7215.90.10, 7227.20.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7227.20.0030), 7227.90.60 (except for statistical
reporting numbers 7227.90.6020, 7227.90.6030 and
7227.90.6035), 7228.20.10, 7228.30.80 (except for
statistical reporting number 7228.30.8010), 7228.40.00,
7228.60.60 or 7228.80.00.....................................................

Bars, cold-finished, not of stainless steel, provided for in
subheading 7215.10.00, 7215.50.00, 7215.90.30,
7215.90.50, 7228.20.50, 7228.50.50 or 7228.60.80.........

Angles, shapes and sections of a type known as
“light-shaped bars” and other products, provided for in
subheading 7216.10.00, 7216.21.00, 7216.22.00 or
7228.70.30 (except for statistical reporting numbers
7228.70.3010, 7228.70.3020 and 7228.70.3041).............

Reinforcing bars, provided for in subheading 7213.10.00,
7214.20.00 or 7228.30.80 (except for statistical reporting
numbers 7228.30.8005, 7228.30.8015, 7228.30.8041,
7228.30.8045 and 7228.30.8070).......................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

Sheet piling, provided for in subheading 7301.10.00........

1/

Nonenumerated railroad goods, provided for in subheading
7302.40.00, 7302.90.10 and 7302.90.90............................

1/

Rails other than those known as “standard rails,” provided
for in subheading 7302.10.10 (except for statistical
reporting numbers 7302.10.1010, 7302.10.1035,
7302.10.1065 and 7302.10.1075).......................................

Rails known as “standard rails,” provided for in subheading
7302.10.10 (except for statistical reporting numbers
7302.10.1015, 7302.10.1025, 7302.10.1045 and
7302.10.1055) or 7302.10.50...............................................

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Products of tool steel and other products, provided for in
subheading 7224.10.00 (except for statistical reporting
numbers 7224.10.0005 and 7224.10.0075), 7224.90.00
(except for statistical reporting numbers 7224.90.0005,
7224.90.0045, 7224.90.0055, 7224.90.0065 and
7224.90.0075), 7225.30.11, 7225.30.51, 7225.40.11,
7225.40.51, 7225.50.11, 7226.20.00, 7226.91.05,
7226.91.15, 7226.91.25, 7226.92.10, 7226.92.30,
7227.10.00, 7227.90.10, 7227.90.20, 7228.10.00,
7228.30.20, 7228.30.40, 7228.30.60, 7228.50.10,
7228.60.10 or 7229.90.05.....................................................

1/

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 425

2

Except as provided in subheadings 9903.80.60 through
9903.80.62, iron or steel products of Argentina, of Brazil, or of
South Korea enumerated in U.S. note 16(b) to this subchapter,
if entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (e)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2018
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(e): (con.)

Blooms, billets and slabs, semi-finished, provided for in
subheading 7207.11.00, 7207.12.00, 7207.19.00,
7207.20.00 or 7224.90.00 (except for statistical reporting
numbers 7224.90.0015, 7224.90.0025, and
7224.90.0035)........................................................................

9903.80.57

1/

9903.80.58

1/

Ingots, provided for in subheading 7206.10.00, 7206.90.00
or 7224.10.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7224.10.0045)........................................................................

9903.80.60

1/

Iron or steel products of Argentina, of Brazil, or of South Korea
enumerated in U.S. note 16(b) to this subchapter, each covered
by an exclusion granted by the Secretary of Commerce under
note 16(c) to this subchapter:

Goods granted relief from the application of quantitative
limitation otherwise imposed in relation to subheadings
9903.80.05 through 9903.80.58, for any steel article
determined by the Secretary not to be produced in the
United States in a sufficient and reasonably available
amount, or of a satisfactory quality, or for specific national
security reasons, provided that such goods shall be
counted toward any quantitative limitation proclaimed by
the President until such limitation has filled........................

9903.80.61

1/

Goods subject to a qualifying contract for which relief has
been provided from the application of quantitative limitation
otherwise imposed in relation to subheadings 9903.80.05
through 9903.80.58, provided that such goods shall be
counted toward any quantitative limitation proclaimed by
the President until such limitation has filled........................

1/

1/

1/

1/

9903.80.62

1/

Iron or steel products of Brazil enumerated in U.S. note
16(b)(iv) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the Secretary of Commerce under note 16(c) to
this subchapter:

Goods subject to a qualifying contract or other written
agreement for which relief has been provided from the
application of quantitative limitation otherwise imposed in
relation to subheading 9903.80.57, provided that such
goods shall be counted toward any quantitative limitation
proclaimed by the President until such limitation has
filled.........................................................................................

1/

Free2/

Free

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ The aggregate annual limit for calendar year 2020 of such products of Brazil is 3,155,137,048 kg. See 85 FR 54882.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 426

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.80.65

1/

9903.80.66

1/

9903.80.67

1/

9903.80.68

1/

9903.80.69

1/

Iron or steel products of member countries of the European
Union enumerated in U.S. note 16(f) to this subchapter, if
entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (f)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2022,
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(f):

Hot-rolled sheet (provided for in subheading 7208.10.60,
7208.26.00, 7208.27.00, 7208.38.00, 7208.39.00,
7208.40.60, 7208.53.00, 7208.54.00, 7208.90.00,
7225.30.70 or 7225.40.70)...................................................

Hot-rolled strip (provided for in subheading 7211.19.15,
7211.19.20, 7211.19.30, 7211.19.45, 7211.19.60,
7211.19.75, 7226.91.70 or 7226.91.80).............................

Hot-rolled plate, in coils (provided for in subheading
7208.10.15, 7208.10.30, 7208.25.30, 7208.25.60,
7208.36.00, 7208.37.00, 7211.14.00 (except for statistical
reporting number 7211.14.0030 or 7211.14.0045) or
7225.30.30)............................................................................

Cold-rolled sheet, provided for in subheading 7209.15.00,
7209.16.00, 7209.17.00, 7209.18.15, 7209.18.60,
7209.25.00, 7209.26.00, 7209.27.00, 7209.28.00,
7209.90.00, 7210.70.30, 7225.50.70, 7225.50.80 or
7225.99.00)............................................................................

Cold-rolled strip (provided for in subheading 7211.23.15,
7211.23.20, 7211.23.30, 7211.23.45, 7211.23.60,
7211.29.20, 7211.29.45, 7211.29.60, 7211.90.00,
7212.40.10, 7212.40.50, 7226.92.50, 7226.92.70,
7226.92.80 or 7226.99.01 (except for statistical reporting
number 7226.99.0110 or 7226.99.0130)............................

9903.80.70

1/

Cold-rolled black plate (provided for in subheading
7209.18.25)............................................................................

9903.80.71

1/

9903.80.72

1/

9903.80.73

1/

9903.80.74

9903.80.75

1/

1/

9903.80.76

1/

Plate in cut lengths (provided for in subheading
7208.40.30, 7208.51.00, 7208.52.00, 7210.90.10,
7211.13.00, 7211.14.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7211.14.0090), 7225.40.30, 7225.50.60 or
7226.91.50)............................................................................

Flat-rolled products, hot-dipped (provided for in subheading
7210.41.00, 7210.49.00, 7210.70.60 (except for statistical
reporting number 7210.70.6030 or 7210.70.6090),
7212.30.10, 7212.30.30, 7212.30.50, 7225.92.00 or
7226.99.01 (except for statistical reporting number
7226.99.0110 or 7226.99.0180)).........................................

Flat-rolled products, coated (provided for in subheading
7210.20.00, 7210.61.00, 7210.69.00, 7210.70.60 (except
for statistical reporting number 7210.70.6030 or
7210.70.6060), 7210.90.60, 7210.90.90, 7212.50.00 or
7212.60.00)............................................................................

Tin-free steel (provided for in subheading7210.50.00)......

1/

Tin plate (provided for in subheading 7210.11.00,
7210.12.00 or 7212.10.00)...................................................

1/

Silicon electrical steel sheets and strip (provided for in
subheading 7225.11.00, 7225.19.00, 7226.11.10,
7226.11.90, 7226.19.10 or 7226.19.90...............................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 427

2

9903.80.77

1/

9903.80.78

1/

9903.80.79

1/

9903.80.80

1/

9903.80.81

1/

9903.80.82

1/

9903.80.83

1/

Iron or steel products of member countries of the European
Union enumerated in U.S. note 16(f) to this subchapter, if
entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (f)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2022,
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(f): (con.)

Sheets and strip electrolytically coated or plated with zinc
(provided for in subheading 7210.30.00, 7210.70.60
(except for statistical reporting number 7210.70.6060 or
7210.70.6090), 7212.20.00, 7225.91.00 or 7226.99.01
(except for statistical reporting number 7226.99.0130 or
7226.99.0180)).......................................................................

Oil country pipe and tube goods (provided for in
subheading 7304.23.30, 7304.23.60, 7304.29.10,
7304.29.20, 7304.29.31, 7304.29.41, 7304.29.50,
7304.29.61, 7305.20.20, 7305.20.40, 7305.20.60,
7305.20.80, 7306.29.10, 7306.29.20, 7306.29.31,
7306.29.41, 7306.29.60 or 7306.29.81).............................

Line pipe exceeding 406.4 mm in outside diameter
(provided for in subheading 7304.19.10 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.19.1020, 7304.19.1030,
7304.19.1045 or 7304.19.1060), 7304.19.50 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.19.5020 or
7304.19.5050), 7305.11.10, 7305.11.50, 7305.12.10,
7305.12.50, 7305.19.10 or 7305.19.50...............................

Line pipe not exceeding 406.4 mm in outside diameter
(provided for in subheading 7304.19.10 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.19.1080), 7304.19.50
(except for statistical reporting number 7304.19.5080),
7306.19.10 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.19.1050) or 7306.19.51 (except for statistical
reporting number 7306.19.5150))........................................

Other line pipe (provided for in subheading 7306.19.10
(except for statistical reporting number 7306.19.1010) or
7306.19.51 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.19.5110)).......................................................................

Standard pipe (provided for in subheading 7304.39.00
(except for statistical reporting number 7304.39.0002,
7304.39.0004, 7304.39.0006, 7304.39.0008,
7304.39.0028, 7304.39.0032, 7304.39.0040,
7304.39.0044, 7304.39.0052, 7304.39.0056,
7304.39.0068 or 7304.39.0072), 7304.59.80 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.59.8020, 7304.59.8025,
7304.59.8035, 7304.59.8040, 7304.59.8050,
7304.59.8055, 7304.59.8065 or 7304.59.8070) or
7306.30.50 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.30.5010, 7306.30.5015, 7306.30.5020 or
7306.30.5035)).......................................................................

Structural pipe and tube (provided for in subheading
7304.90.10, 7304.90.30, 7305.31.20, 7305.31.40,
7305.31.60 (except for statistical reporting number
7305.31.6010), 7306.30.30, 7306.50.30, 7306.61.10,
7306.61.30, 7306.69.10 or 7306.69.30).............................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 428

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.80.84

1/

9903.80.85

1/

Iron or steel products of member countries of the European
Union enumerated in U.S. note 16(f) to this subchapter, if
entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (f)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2022,
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(f): (con.)

Mechanical tubing (provided for in subheading 7304.31.30,
7304.31.60 (except for statistical reporting number
7304.31.6010), 7304.39.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7304.39.0002, 7304.39.0004, 7304.39.0006,
7304.39.0008, 7304.39.0016, 7304.39.0020,
7304.39.0024, 7304.39.0036, 7304.39.0048,
7304.39.0062, 7304.39.0076 or 7304.39.0080),
7304.51.10, 7304.51.50 (except for statistical reporting
number 7304.51.5005, 7304.51.5015 or 7304.51.5045),
7304.59.10, 7304.59.60, 7304.59.80 (except for statistical
reporting number 7304.59.8010, 7304.59.8015,
7304.59.8030, 7304.59.8045, 7304.59.8060 or
7304.59.8080), 7304.90.50, 7304.90.70, 7306.30.10,
7306.30.50 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.30.5010, 7306.30.5026, 7306.30.5027,
7306.30.5028, 7306.30.5031, 7306.30.5033,
7306.30.5041, 7306.30.5043, 7306.30.5056,
7306.30.5057, 7306.30.5085 or 7306.30.5090),
7306.50.10, 7306.50.50 (except for statistical reporting
number 7306.50.5010), 7306.61.50, 7306.61.70 (except
for statistical reporting number 7306.61.7030), 7306.69.50
or 7306.69.70 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.69.7030)) 7304.39.0076 or 7304.39.0080)..............

Pressure tubing (provided for in subheading 7304.31.60
(except for statistical reporting number 7304.31.6050),
7304.39.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7304.39.0016, 7304.39.0020, 7304.39.0024,
7304.39.0028, 7304.39.0032, 7304.39.0036,
7304.39.0040, 7304.39.0044, 7304.39.0048,
7304.39.0052, 7304.39.0056, 7304.39.0062,
7304.39.0068, 7304.39.0072, 7304.39.0076 or
7304.39.0080), 7304.51.50 (except for statistical reporting
number 7304.51.5005 or 7304.51.5060), 7304.59.20,
7306.30.50 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.30.5015, 7306.30.5020, 7306.30.5026,
7306.30.5027, 7306.30.5028, 7306.30.5031,
7306.30.5033, 7306.30.5035, 7306.30.5041,
7306.30.5043, 7306.30.5056, 7306.30.5057,
7306.30.5085 or 7306.30.5090) or 7306.50.50 (except for
statistical reporting number 7306.50.5030, 7306.50.5050
or 7306.50.5070)....................................................................

9903.80.86

1/

Tubes or pipes for piling (provided for in subheading
7305.39.10 or 7305.39.50)...................................................

9903.80.87

1/

9903.80.88

1/

Pipes and tubes, not specially provided for (provided for
in subheading 7304.51.50 (except for statistical reporting
number 7304.51.5015, 7304.51.5045 or 7304.51.5060),
7305.90.10, 7305.90.50, 7306.90.10 or 7306.90.50).......

Hot-rolled sheet of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7219.13.00, 7219.14.00, 7219.23.00 or
7219.24.00)............................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 429

2

Iron or steel products of member countries of the European
Union enumerated in U.S. note 16(f) to this subchapter, if
entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (f)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2022,
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(f): (con.)

Hot-rolled strip of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7220.12.10 or 7220.12.50)..............................

9903.80.89

1/

9903.80.90

1/

Hot-rolled plate of stainless steel, in coils (provided for in
subheading 7219.11.00 or 7219.12.00)..............................

9903.80.91

1/

9903.80.92

1/

9903.80.93

1/

Cold-rolled sheet of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7219.32.00, 7219.33.00, 7219.34.00,
7219.35.00 or 7219.90.00)...................................................

Cold-rolled strip of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7220.20.10, 7220.20.60, 7220.20.70,
7220.20.80, 7220.20.90 or 7220.90.00).............................

Cold-rolled plate of stainless steel, in coils (provided for in
subheading 7219.31.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7219.31.0050))........................................................

9903.80.94

1/

Wire of stainless steel, drawn (provided for in subheading
7223.00.10, 7223.00.50 or 7223.00.90).............................

9903.80.95

1/

Pipes and tubes of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7304.41.30, 7304.41.60, 7304.49.00,
7305.31.60 (except for statistical reporting number
7305.31.6090), 7306.40.10, 7306.40.50, 7306.61.70
(except statistical reporting number 7306.61.7060) or
7306.69.70 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.69.7060)) ......................................................................

9903.80.96

1/

Line pipe of stainless steel (provided for in subheading
7304.11.00 or 7306.11.00)...................................................

9903.80.97

1/

Bars and rods of stainless steel, cold finished (provided
for in subheading 7222.20.00 or 7222.30.00)....................

9903.80.98

1/

Bars and rods of stainless steel, hot-rolled (provided for in
heading 7221.00.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7221.00.0017, 7221.00.0018 or 7221.00.0030) or
subheading 7222.11.00, 7222.19.00 or 7222.40.30 (except
for statistical reporting number 7222.40.3025 or
7222.40.3045)........................................................................

9903.80.99

1/

Blooms, billets and slabs of stainless steel (provided for
in subheading 7218.91.00 and 7218.99.00).......................

9903.81.01

1/

Oil country pipe and tube goods of stainless steel (provided
for in subheading 7304.22.00, 7304.24.30, 7304.24.40,
7304.24.60, 7306.21.30, 7306.21.40 or 7306.21.80).......

9903.81.02

1/

Ingot and other primary forms of stainless steel (provided
for in subheading 7218.10.00)..............................................

9903.81.03

1/

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7219.21.00, 7219.22.00, 7219.31.00 (except
for statistical reporting number 7219.31.0010) or
7220.11.00)............................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - III - 430

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.81.04

1/

9903.81.05

1/

9903.81.06

1/

9903.81.07

1/

9903.81.08

1/

9903.81.09

1/

9903.81.10

1/

9903.81.11

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Iron or steel products of member countries of the European
Union enumerated in U.S. note 16(f) to this subchapter, if
entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (f)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2022,
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(f): (con.)

Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils, of
stainless steel (provided for in heading 7221.00.00 (except
for statistical reporting number 7221.00.0005,
7221.00.0045 or 7221.00.0075)).........................................

Angles, shapes and sections of stainless steel (provided
for in subheading 7222.40.30 (except for statistical
reporting number 7222.40.3065 or 7222.40.3085) or
7222.40.60)............................................................................

Angles, shapes and sections (provided for in subheading
7216.31.00, 7216.32.00, 7216.33.00, 7216.40.00,
7216.50.00, 7216.99.00, 7228.70.30 (except for statistical
reporting number 7228.70.3060 or 7228.70.3081) or
7228.70.60)............................................................................

Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils
(provided for in subheading 7213.91.30, 9213.91.45,
7213.91.60, 7213.99.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7213.99.0060), 7227.20.00 (except for statistical
reporting number 7227.20.0080) or 7227.90.60 (except
for statistical reporting number 7227.90.6005,
7227.90.6010, 7227.90.6040 or 7227.90.6090))...............

Wire (other than of stainless steel) (provided for in
subheading 7217.10.10, 7217.10.20, 7217.10.30,
7217.10.40, 7217.10.50, 7217.10.60, 7217.10.70,
7217.10.80, 7217.10.90, 7217.20.15, 7217.20.30,
7217.20.45, 7217.20.60, 7217.20.75, 7217.30.15,
7217.30.30, 7217.30.45, 7217.30.60, 7217.30.75,
7217.90.10, 7217.90.50, 7229.20.00, 7229.90.10,
7229.90.50 or 7229.90.90)...................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/

Free

Bars, hot-rolled, not of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7213.20.00, 7213.99.00 (except for statistical
reporting number 7213.99.0030 or 7213.99.0090),
7214.10.00, 7214.30.00, 7214.91.00, 7214.99.00,
7215.90.10, 7227.20.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7227.20.0030), 7227.90.60 (except for statistical
reporting number 7227.90.6020, 7227.90.6030 or
7227.90.6035), 7228.20.10, 7228.30.80 (except for
statistical reporting number 7228.30.8010), 7228.40.00,
7228.60.60 or 7228.80.00)...................................................

Bars, cold-finished, not of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7215.10.00, 7215.50.00, 7215.90.30,
7215.90.50, 7228.20.50, 7228.50.50 or 7228.60.80).......

Angles, shapes and sections of a type known as
“light-shaped bars” (provided for in subheading
7216.10.00, 7216.21.00, 7216.22.00 or 7228.70.30 (except
for statistical reporting number 7228.70.3010,
7228.70.3020 or 7228.70.3041)).........................................

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 431

2

Iron or steel products of member countries of the European
Union enumerated in U.S. note 16(f) to this subchapter, if
entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in subdivision (f)
of such note for any calendar year starting on January 1, 2022,
and for any portion thereof as prescribed in such subdivision
(f): (con.)

Reinforcing bars (provided for in subheading 7213.10.00,
7214.20.00 or 7228.30.80 (except for statistical reporting
number 7228.30.8005, 7228.30.8015, 7228.30.8041,
7228.30.8045 or 7228.30.8070)).........................................

1/

Sheet piling (provided for in subheading 7301.10.00).......

1/

Nonenumerated railroad goods (provided for in subheading
7302.40.00, 7302.90.10 or 7302.90.90).............................

1/

Rails other than those known as “standard rails” (provided
for in subheading 7302.10.10 (except for statistical
reporting number 7302.10.1010, 7302.10.1035,
7302.10.1065 or 7302.10.1075)..........................................

Rails known as “standard rails” (provided for in subheading
7302.10.10 (except for statistical reporting number
7302.10.1015, 7302.10.1025, 7302.10.1045 or
7302.10.1055) or 7302.10.50).............................................

Products of tool steel (provided for in subheading
7224.10.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7224.10.0005 or 7224.10.0075), 7224.90.00 (except for
statistical reporting number 7224.90.0005, 7224.90.0045,
7224.90.0055, 7224.90.0065 or 7224.90.0075),
7225.30.11, 7225.30.51, 7225.40.11, 7225.40.51,
7225.50.11, 7226.20.00, 7226.91.05, 7226.91.15,
7226.91.25, 7226.92.10, 7226.92.30, 7227.10.00,
7227.90.10, 7227.90.20, 7228.10.00, 7228.30.20,
7228.30.40, 7228.30.60, 7228.50.10, 7228.60.10 or
7229.90.05)............................................................................

Blooms, billets and slabs, semi-finished (provided for in
subheading 7207.11.00, 7207.12.00, 7207.19.00,
7207.20.00 or 7224.90.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7224.90.0015, 7224.90.0025 or
7224.90.0035)).......................................................................

Ingots (provided for in subheading 7206.10.00, 7206.90.00
or 7224.10.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7224.10.0045)........................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9903.81.12

1/

9903.81.13

9903.81.14

1/

1/

9903.81.15

1/

9903.81.16

1/

9903.81.17

1/

9903.81.18

1/

9903.81.19

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 432

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.81.25

1/

9903.81.26

1/

9903.81.27

1/

9903.81.28

1/

9903.81.29

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.81, iron or steel
products of Japan or of the United Kingdom enumerated in
U.S. note 16 to this subchapter, if entered in aggregate
quantities prescribed in subdivision (g) of such note for any
calendar year starting on January 1, 2022, and for any portion
thereof as prescribed in such subdivision (g):

Hot-rolled sheet (provided for in subheading 7208.10.60,
7208.26.00, 7208.27.00, 7208.38.00, 7208.39.00,
7208.40.60, 7208.53.00, 7208.54.00, 7208.90.00,
7225.30.70 or 7225.40.70)...................................................

Hot-rolled strip (provided for in subheading 7211.19.15,
7211.19.20, 7211.19.30, 7211.19.45, 7211.19.60,
7211.19.75, 7226.91.70 or 7226.91.80).............................

Hot-rolled plate, in coils (provided for in subheading
7208.10.15, 7208.10.30, 7208.25.30, 7208.25.60,
7208.36.00, 7208.37.00, 7211.14.00 (except for statistical
reporting number 7211.14.0030 or 7211.14.0045) or
7225.30.30)............................................................................

Cold-rolled sheet, provided for in subheading 7209.15.00,
7209.16.00, 7209.17.00, 7209.18.15, 7209.18.60,
7209.25.00, 7209.26.00, 7209.27.00, 7209.28.00,
7209.90.00, 7210.70.30, 7225.50.70, 7225.50.80 or
7225.99.00)............................................................................

Cold-rolled strip (provided for in subheading 7211.23.15,
7211.23.20, 7211.23.30, 7211.23.45, 7211.23.60,
7211.29.20, 7211.29.45, 7211.29.60, 7211.90.00,
7212.40.10, 7212.40.50, 7226.92.50, 7226.92.70,
7226.92.80 or 7226.99.01 (except for statistical reporting
number 7226.99.0110 or 7226.99.0130))...........................

9903.81.30

1/

Cold-rolled black plate (provided for in subheading
7209.18.25)............................................................................

9903.81.31

1/

9903.81.32

1/

9903.81.33

1/

9903.81.34

9903.81.35

1/

1/

9903.81.36

1/

Plate in cut lengths (provided for in subheading
7208.40.30, 7208.51.00, 7208.52.00, 7210.90.10,
7211.13.00, 7211.14.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7211.14.0090), 7225.40.30, 7225.50.60 or
7226.91.50)............................................................................

Flat-rolled products, hot-dipped (provided for in subheading
7210.41.00, 7210.49.00, 7210.70.60 (except for statistical
reporting number 7210.70.6030 or 7210.70.6090),
7212.30.10, 7212.30.30, 7212.30.50, 7225.92.00 or
7226.99.01 (except for statistical reporting number
7226.99.0110 or 7226.99.0180)).........................................

Flat-rolled products, coated (provided for in subheading
7210.20.00, 7210.61.00, 7210.69.00, 7210.70.60 (except
for statistical reporting number 7210.70.6030 or
7210.70.6060), 7210.90.60, 7210.90.90, 7212.50.00 or
7212.60.00)............................................................................

Tin-free steel (provided for in subheading 7210.50.00).....

1/

Tin plate (provided for in subheading 7210.11.00,
7210.12.00 or 7212.10.00)...................................................

1/

Silicon electrical steel sheets and strip (provided for in
subheading 7225.11.00, 7225.19.00, 7226.11.10,
7226.11.90, 7226.19.10 or 7226.19.90).............................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 433

2

9903.81.37

1/

9903.81.38

1/

9903.81.39

1/

9903.81.40

1/

9903.81.41

1/

9903.81.42

1/

9903.81.43

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.81, iron or steel
products of Japan or of the United Kingdom enumerated in
U.S. note 16 to this subchapter, if entered in aggregate
quantities prescribed in subdivision (g) of such note for any
calendar year starting on January 1, 2022, and for any portion
thereof as prescribed in such subdivision (g): (con.)

Sheets and strip electrolytically coated or plated with zinc
(provided for in subheading 7210.30.00, 7210.70.60
(except for statistical reporting number 7210.70.6060 or
7210.70.6090), 7212.20.00, 7225.91.00 or 7226.99.01
(except for statistical reporting number 7226.99.0130 or
7226.99.0180)).......................................................................

Oil country pipe and tube goods (provided for in
subheading 7304.23.30, 7304.23.60, 7304.29.10,
7304.29.20, 7304.29.31, 7304.29.41, 7304.29.50,
7304.29.61, 7305.20.20, 7305.20.40, 7305.20.60,
7305.20.80, 7306.29.10, 7306.29.20, 7306.29.31,
7306.29.41, 7306.29.60 or 7306.29.81).............................

Line pipe exceeding 406.4 mm in outside diameter
(provided for in subheading 7304.19.10 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.19.1020, 7304.19.1030,
7304.19.1045 or 7304.19.1060), 7304.19.50 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.19.5020 or
7304.19.5050), 7305.11.10, 7305.11.50, 7305.12.10,
7305.12.50, 7305.19.10 or 7305.19.50).............................

Line pipe not exceeding 406.4 mm in outside diameter
(provided for in subheading 7304.19.10 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.19.1080), 7304.19.50
(except for statistical reporting number 7304.19.5080),
7306.19.10 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.19.1050) or 7306.19.51 (except for statistical
reporting number 7306.19.5150))........................................

Other line pipe (provided for in subheading 7306.19.10
(except for statistical reporting number 7306.19.1010) or
7306.19.51 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.19.5110)).......................................................................

Standard pipe (provided for in subheading 7304.39.00
(except for statistical reporting number 7304.39.0002,
7304.39.0004, 7304.39.0006, 7304.39.0008,
7304.39.0028, 7304.39.0032, 7304.39.0040,
7304.39.0044, 7304.39.0052, 7304.39.0056,
7304.39.0068 or 7304.39.0072), 7304.59.80 (except for
statistical reporting number 7304.59.8020, 7304.59.8025,
7304.59.8035, 7304.59.8040, 7304.59.8050,
7304.59.8055, 7304.59.8065 or 7304.59.8070) or
7306.30.50 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.30.5010, 7306.30.5015, 7306.30.5020 or
7306.30.5035)).......................................................................

Structural pipe and tube (provided for in subheading
7304.90.10, 7304.90.30, 7305.31.20, 7305.31.40,
7305.31.60 (except for statistical reporting number
7305.31.6010), 7306.30.30, 7306.50.30, 7306.61.10,
7306.61.30, 7306.69.10 or 7306.69.30).............................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 434

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.81.44

1/

9903.81.45

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.81, iron or steel
products of Japan or of the United Kingdom enumerated in
U.S. note 16 to this subchapter, if entered in aggregate
quantities prescribed in subdivision (g) of such note for any
calendar year starting on January 1, 2022, and for any portion
thereof as prescribed in such subdivision (g): (con.)

Mechanical tubing (provided for in subheading 7304.31.30,
7304.31.60 (except for statistical reporting number
7304.31.6010), 7304.39.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7304.39.0002, 7304.39.0004, 7304.39.0006,
7304.39.0008, 7304.39.0016, 7304.39.0020,
7304.39.0024, 7304.39.0036, 7304.39.0048,
7304.39.0062, 7304.39.0076 or 7304.39.0080),
7304.51.10, 7304.51.50 (except for statistical reporting
number 7304.51.5005, 7304.51.5015 or 7304.51.5045),
7304.59.10, 7304.59.60, 7304.59.80 (except for statistical
reporting number 7304.59.8010, 7304.59.8015,
7304.59.8030, 7304.59.8045, 7304.59.8060 or
7304.59.8080), 7304.90.50, 7304.90.70, 7306.30.10,
7306.30.50 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.30.5010, 7306.30.5026, 7306.30.5027,
7306.30.5028, 7306.30.5031, 7306.30.5033,
7306.30.5041, 7306.30.5043, 7306.30.5056,
7306.30.5057, 7306.30.5085 or 7306.30.5090),
7306.50.10, 7306.50.50 (except for statistical reporting
number 7306.50.5010), 7306.61.50, 7306.61.70 (except
for statistical reporting number 7306.61.7030), 7306.69.50
or 7306.69.70 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.69.7030)).......................................................................

Pressure tubing (provided for in subheading 7304.31.60
(except for statistical reporting number 7304.31.6050),
7304.39.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7304.39.0016, 7304.39.0020, 7304.39.0024,
7304.39.0028, 7304.39.0032, 7304.39.0036,
7304.39.0040, 7304.39.0044, 7304.39.0048,
7304.39.0052, 7304.39.0056, 7304.39.0062,
7304.39.0068, 7304.39.0072, 7304.39.0076 or
7304.39.0080), 7304.51.50 (except for statistical reporting
number 7304.51.5005 or 7304.51.5060), 7304.59.20,
7306.30.50 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.30.5015, 7306.30.5020, 7306.30.5026,
7306.30.5027, 7306.30.5028, 7306.30.5031,
7306.30.5033, 7306.30.5035, 7306.30.5041,
7306.30.5043, 7306.30.5056, 7306.30.5057,
7306.30.5085 or 7306.30.5090) or 7306.50.50 (except for
statistical reporting number 7306.50.5030, 7306.50.5050
or 7306.50.5070))..................................................................

9903.81.46

1/

Tubes or pipes for piling (provided for in subheading
7305.39.10 or 7305.39.50)...................................................

9903.81.47

1/

9903.81.48

1/

Pipes and tubes, not specially provided for (provided for
in subheading 7304.51.50 (except for statistical reporting
number 7304.51.5015, 7304.51.5045 or 7304.51.5060),
7305.90.10, 7305.90.50, 7306.90.10 or 7306.90.50).......

Hot-rolled sheet of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7219.13.00, 7219.14.00, 7219.23.00 or
7219.24.00)............................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

Free

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 435

2

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.81, iron or steel
products of Japan or of the United Kingdom enumerated in
U.S. note 16 to this subchapter, if entered in aggregate
quantities prescribed in subdivision (g) of such note for any
calendar year starting on January 1, 2022, and for any portion
thereof as prescribed in such subdivision (g): (con.)
Hot-rolled strip of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7220.12.10 or 7220.12.50)..............................

9903.81.49

1/

9903.81.50

1/

Hot-rolled plate of stainless steel, in coils (provided for in
subheading 7219.11.00 or 7219.12.00)..............................

9903.81.51

1/

9903.81.52

1/

9903.81.53

1/

Cold-rolled sheet of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7219.32.00, 7219.33.00, 7219.34.00,
7219.35.00 or 7219.90.00)...................................................

Cold-rolled strip of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7220.20.10, 7220.20.60, 7220.20.70,
7220.20.80, 7220.20.90 or 7220.90.00).............................

Cold-rolled plate of stainless steel, in coils (provided for in
subheading 7219.31.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7219.31.0050))........................................................

9903.81.54

1/

Wire of stainless steel, drawn (provided for in subheading
7223.00.10, 7223.00.50 or 7223.00.90).............................

9903.81.55

1/

Pipes and tubes of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7304.41.30, 7304.41.60, 7304.49.00,
7305.31.60 (except for statistical reporting number
7305.31.6090), 7306.40.10, 7306.40.50, 7306.61.70
(except statistical reporting number 7306.61.7060) or
7306.69.70 (except for statistical reporting number
7306.69.7060)).......................................................................

9903.81.56

1/

Line pipe of stainless steel (provided for in subheading
7304.11.00 or 7306.11.00)...................................................

9903.81.57

1/

Bars and rods of stainless steel, cold finished (provided
for in subheading 7222.20.00 or 7222.30.00)....................

9903.81.58

1/

Bars and rods of stainless steel, hot-rolled (provided for in
heading 7221.00.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7221.00.0017, 7221.00.0018 or 7221.00.0030) or
subheading 7222.11.00, 7222.19.00 or 7222.40.30 (except
for statistical reporting number 7222.40.3025 or
7222.40.3045)).......................................................................

9903.81.59

1/

Blooms, billets and slabs of stainless steel (provided for
in subheading 7218.91.00 and 7218.99.00).......................

9903.81.60

1/

Oil country pipe and tube goods of stainless steel (provided
for in subheading 7304.22.00, 7304.24.30, 7304.24.40,
7304.24.60, 7306.21.30, 7306.21.40 or 7306.21.80).......

9903.81.61

1/

Ingot and other primary forms of stainless steel (provided
for in subheading 7218.10.00)..............................................

9903.81.62

1/

Flat-rolled products of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7219.21.00, 7219.22.00, 7219.31.00 (except
for statistical reporting number 7219.31.0010) or
7220.11.00)............................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

XXII
99 - III - 436

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.81.63

1/

9903.81.64

1/

9903.81.65

1/

9903.81.66

1/

9903.81.67

1/

9903.81.68

1/

9903.81.69

1/

9903.81.70

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.81, iron or steel
products of Japan or of the United Kingdom enumerated in
U.S. note 16 to this subchapter, if entered in aggregate
quantities prescribed in subdivision (g) of such note for any
calendar year starting on January 1, 2022, and for any portion
thereof as prescribed in such subdivision (g): (con.)

Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils, of
stainless steel (provided for in heading 7221.00.00 (except
for statistical reporting number 7221.00.0005,
7221.00.0045 or 7221.00.0075)).........................................

Angles, shapes and sections of stainless steel (provided
for in subheading 7222.40.30 (except for statistical
reporting number 7222.40.3065 or 7222.40.3085) or
7222.40.60)............................................................................

Angles, shapes and sections (provided for in subheading
7216.31.00, 7216.32.00, 7216.33.00, 7216.40.00,
7216.50.00, 7216.99.00, 7228.70.30 (except for statistical
reporting number 7228.70.3060 or 7228.70.3081) or
7228.70.60)............................................................................

Bars and rods, hot-rolled, in irregularly wound coils
(provided for in subheading 7213.91.30, 9213.91.45,
7213.91.60, 7213.99.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7213.99.0060), 7227.20.00 (except for statistical
reporting number 7227.20.0080) or 7227.90.60 (except
for statistical reporting number 7227.90.6005,
7227.90.6010, 7227.90.6040 or 7227.90.6090))...............

Wire (other than of stainless steel) (provided for in
subheading 7217.10.10, 7217.10.20, 7217.10.30,
7217.10.40, 7217.10.50, 7217.10.60, 7217.10.70,
7217.10.80, 7217.10.90, 7217.20.15, 7217.20.30,
7217.20.45, 7217.20.60, 7217.20.75, 7217.30.15,
7217.30.30, 7217.30.45, 7217.30.60, 7217.30.75,
7217.90.10, 7217.90.50, 7229.20.00, 7229.90.10,
7229.90.50 or 7229.90.90)...................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

1/

Free

Bars, hot-rolled, not of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7213.20.00, 7213.99.00 (except for statistical
reporting number 7213.99.0030 or 7213.99.0090),
7214.10.00, 7214.30.00, 7214.91.00, 7214.99.00,
7215.90.10, 7227.20.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7227.20.0030), 7227.90.60 (except for statistical
reporting number 7227.90.6020, 7227.90.6030 or
7227.90.6035), 7228.20.10, 7228.30.80 (except for
statistical reporting number 7228.30.8010), 7228.40.00,
7228.60.60 or 7228.80.00))..................................................

Bars, cold-finished, not of stainless steel (provided for in
subheading 7215.10.00, 7215.50.00, 7215.90.30,
7215.90.50, 7228.20.50, 7228.50.50 or 7228.60.80).......

Angles, shapes and sections of a type known as
“light-shaped bars” (provided for in subheading
7216.10.00, 7216.21.00, 7216.22.00 or 7228.70.30 (except
for statistical reporting number 7228.70.3010,
7228.70.3020 or 7228.70.3041)).........................................

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 437

2

9903.81.71

1/

9903.81.72

9903.81.73

1/

1/

9903.81.74

1/

9903.81.75

1/

9903.81.76

1/

9903.81.77

1/

9903.81.78

1/

9903.81.80

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.81, iron or steel
products of Japan or of the United Kingdom enumerated in
U.S. note 16 to this subchapter, if entered in aggregate
quantities prescribed in subdivision (g) of such note for any
calendar year starting on January 1, 2022, and for any portion
thereof as prescribed in such subdivision (g): (con.)

Reinforcing bars (provided for in subheading 7213.10.00,
7214.20.00 or 7228.30.80 (except for statistical reporting
number 7228.30.8005, 7228.30.8015, 7228.30.8041,
7228.30.8045 or 7228.30.8070)).........................................

1/

Sheet piling (provided for in subheading 7301.10.00).......

1/

Nonenumerated railroad good[s] (provided for in
subheading 7302.40.00, 7302.90.10 or 7302.90.90)........

1/

Rails other than those known as “standard rails” (provided
for in subheading 7302.10.10 (except for statistical
reporting number 7302.10.1010, 7302.10.1035,
7302.10.1065 or 7302.10.1075)).........................................

Rails known as “standard rails” (provided for in subheading
7302.10.10 (except for statistical reporting number
7302.10.1015, 7302.10.1025, 7302.10.1045 or
7302.10.1055) or 7302.10.50).............................................

Products of tool steel (provided for in subheading
7224.10.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7224.10.0005 or 7224.10.0075), 7224.90.00 (except for
statistical reporting number 7224.90.0005, 7224.90.0045,
7224.90.0055, 7224.90.0065 or 7224.90.0075),
7225.30.11, 7225.30.51, 7225.40.11, 7225.40.51,
7225.50.11, 7226.20.00, 7226.91.05, 7226.91.15,
7226.91.25, 7226.92.10, 7226.92.30, 7227.10.00,
7227.90.10, 7227.90.20, 7228.10.00, 7228.30.20,
7228.30.40, 7228.30.60, 7228.50.10, 7228.60.10 or
7229.90.05)............................................................................

Blooms, billets and slabs, semi-finished (provided for in
subheading 7207.11.00, 7207.12.00, 7207.19.00,
7207.20.00 or 7224.90.00 (except for statistical reporting
number 7224.90.0015, 7224.90.0025 or
7224.90.0035)).......................................................................

Ingots (provided for in subheading 7206.10.00, 7206.90.00
or 7224.10.00 (except for statistical reporting number
7224.10.0045)).......................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Free

Iron or steel products of Japan, the United Kingdom, or of the
European Union, where the steel was melted and poured in
the United Kingdom enumerated in U.S. note 16 to this
subchapter, when such products are covered by an exclusion
granted by the Secretary of Commerce under note 16(c) to
this subchapter, provided that such goods shall be counted
toward any quantitative limitation applicable to any such
product under U.S. note 16(g) to this subchapter until such
limitation has filled.........................................................................

1/

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 438

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.81.81

1/

9903.81.82

1/

Iron or steel products described in subdivision (b) of note 16
to this subchapter that are melted and poured in a United
Kingdom facility and are products of the member countries of
the European Union, under the terms of subdivision (g) of note
16 to this subchapter....................................................................

Iron or steel products described in subdivision (b) of note 16
to this subchapter that are melted and poured in Ukraine and
are products of the member countries of the European Union
enumerated in U.S. note 16(f) to this subchapter.....................

1/

1/

1/

9903.81.83

1/

Iron or steel products described in subdivision (b) of note 16
to this subchapter, when such goods are products of Ukraine
and are not accompanied by certificates of origin....................

9903.81.84

1/

Derivative iron or steel products enumerated in note 16(a)(ii)
to this subchapter, when such goods are products of Ukraine
and are not accompanied by certificates of origin....................

1/

9903.81.85

1/

Steel articles of Mexico enumerated in U.S. note 16 to this
subchapter, where the steel was melted and poured in a
country other than the United States, Mexico or Canada........

1/

9903.81.86

1/

Derivative steel articles of Mexico enumerated in U.S. note 16
to this subchapter, where the steel was melted and poured in
a country other than the United States, Mexico or Canada......

1/

9903.81.87

1/

Except for derivative iron or steel products described in
headings 9903.81.89, 9903.81.90 or 9903.81.91, products of
iron or steel provided for in the tariff headings or subheadings
enumerated in subdivision (j) of note 16 to this subchapter.....

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free

Free

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 50%.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
50%.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 439

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.81.88

1/

Products of iron or steel provided for in the tariff headings or
subheadings enumerated in subdivision (j) of note 16 to this
subchapter, admitted to a U.S. foreign trade zone under
‘‘privileged foreign status’’ as defined by 19 CFR 146.41, prior
to 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June 4, 2025................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 50%.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 50%.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 50%.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading + a
duty of 50%
upon the value
of the steel
content.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + a
duty of 50% upon
the value of the
steel content.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
a duty of 50%
upon the
value of the
steel content.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading.

9903.81.89

1/

Derivative iron or steel products provided for in the tariff
provisions enumerated in subdivision (l) of note 16 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.81.90

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.92, derivative iron or
steel products provided for in the tariff subheadings
enumerated in subdivision (m) of note 16 to this subchapter...

1/

9903.81.91

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.92, derivative iron or
steel products provided for in the tariff subheadings
enumerated in subdivision (n) of note 16 to this subchapter....

1/

9903.81.92

1/

Derivative iron or steel products provided for in the tariff
subheadings enumerated in subdivision subdivisions (m), (n),
(t) or (u) of note 16 to this subchapter, where the derivative
iron or steel product was processed in another country from
steel articles that were melted and poured in the United
States.............................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 440

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.81.93

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.81.91 or 9903.81.92,
derivative products of iron or steel, as specified in subdivisions
(l) and (m) of note 16 to this subchapter, admitted to a U.S.
foreign trade zone under ‘‘privileged foreign status’’ as defined
by 19 CFR 146.41, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time
on June 4, 2025............................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 50%.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
50%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

9903.81.94

1/

Except for derivative iron or steel products described in
headings 9903.81.96, 9903.81.97 or 9903.81.98, products of
iron or steel of the United Kingdom provided for in the tariff
headings or subheadings enumerated in subdivision (q) of
note 16 to this subchapter...........................................................

1/

9903.81.95

1/

Products of iron or steel of the United Kingdom provided for
in the tariff headings or subheadings enumerated in subdivision
(q) of note 16 to this subchapter, admitted to a U.S. foreign
trade zone under “privileged foreign status” as defined by 19
CFR 146.41, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June
4, 2025...........................................................................................

1/

9903.81.96

1/

Derivative iron or steel products of the United Kingdom
provided for in the tariff subheadings enumerated in subdivision
(s) of note 16 to this subchapter..................................................

1/

9903.81.97

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.92, derivative iron or
steel products of the United Kingdom provided for in the tariff
subheadings enumerated in subdivision (t) of note 16 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 441

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.81.98

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.81.92, derivative iron or
steel products of the United Kingdom provided for in the tariff
subheadings enumerated in subdivision (u) of note 16 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 10%
(AU, BH, CA, CL,
CO, E, IL, JO, KR,
MA, MX, OM, P,
PA, PE, SG)

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 50%.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
50%.

9903.81.99

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.81.98 or 9903.81.92,
derivative products of iron or steel of the United Kingdom, as
specified in subdivisions (s) and (t) of note 16 to this
subchapter, admitted to a U.S.foreign trade zone under
‘‘privileged foreign status’’ as defined by 19 CFR 146.41, prior
to 12:01 a.m. eastern daylight time on June 4, 2025................

1/

9903.85.01

1/

Except for products described in heading 9903.85.03 or
heading 9903.85.21, 9903.85.25, subheadings 9903.85.27
through 9903.85.44 and subheadings 9903.85.50 through
9903.85.66, products of aluminum provided for in the tariff
headings or subheadings enumerated in note 19 to this
subchapter, except products of Argentina, of Australia, of
Canada, of Mexico (except as specified in subdivision (a)(viii)
of such U.S. note 19), of member countries of the European
Union specified in subdivision (a)(v) of such U.S. note 19,
under any limitations that may be established by the
Department of Commerce under such U.S. note 19; or any
exclusions that may be determined and announced by the
Department of Commerce............................................................

1/

9903.85.02

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.85.67 or 9903.85.69,
products of aluminum provided for in the tariff headings or
subheadings enumerated in subdivision (g) of note 19 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 442

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.85.03

1/

Derivative aluminum products enumerated in U.S. note 19(a)(iii)
to this subchapter, except products of Argentina, of Australia,
of Canada, of Mexico (except as specified in subdivision (a)(ix)
of such U.S. note 19), of member countries of the European
Union (as enumerated in U.S. note 19(a)(v) to this subchapter
or of the United Kingdom any exclusions that may be
determined and announced by the Department of
Commerce.....................................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 10%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 50%.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided for in
the applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading (AU,
BH, CA, CL, CO, E,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
MX, OM, P, PA,
PE, SG)

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading (AU,
BH, CA, CL, CO, E,
IL, JO, KR, MA,
MX, OM, P, PA,
PE, SG)

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 50%.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
50%.

9903.85.04

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.85.68 or 9903.85.70,
derivative aluminum products provided for in the tariff headings
or subheadings enumerated in subdivision (i) of note 19 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

Except as provided in subheading 9903.85.11, aluminum
products of Argentina enumerated in U.S. note 19(b) to this
subchapter, if entered in aggregate quantities prescribed in
subdivision (e) of such note for any calendar year starting on
January 1, 2018 and for any portion thereof as prescribed in
such subdivision (e):

9903.85.05

1/

Unwrought aluminum, provided for in heading 7601.........

1/

9903.85.06

1/

Wrought aluminum, provided for in headings 7604, 7605,
7606, 7607, 7608, 7609 and castings and forgings of
aluminum provided for in subheading 7616.99.51.............

1/

9903.85.07

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.85.09, 9903.85.68 or
9903.85.70, derivative aluminum products, provided for in the
tariff provisions enumerated in subdivision (j) of note 19 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 443

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.85.08

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.85.09, 9903.85.68 or
9903.85.70, derivative aluminum products, provided for in the
tariff provisions enumerated in subdivision (k) of note 19 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading + a
duty of 50%
upon the value
of the aluminum
content.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + a
duty of 50% upon
the value of the
aluminum content.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
a duty of 50%
upon the
value of the
aluminum
content.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading.

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

9903.85.09

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.85.68 or 9903.85.70,
derivative aluminum products provided for in the tariff headings
and subheadings enumerated in subdivisions (j), (k), (r) or (s)
of note 19 to this subchapter, where the derivative aluminum
products were processed in another country from aluminum
articles that were smelted and cast in the United States.........

1/

9903.85.11

1/

Aluminum products of Argentina enumerated in U.S. note 19(b)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the Secretary of Commerce under note 19(c) to this
subchapter:

Goods granted relief from the application of quantitative
limitation otherwise imposed in relation to subheadings
9903.85.05 and 9903.85.06, for any aluminum article
determined by the Secretary not to be produced in the
United States in a sufficient and reasonably available
amount, or of a satisfactory quality, or for specific national
security reasons, provided that such goods shall be
counted toward any quantitative limitation proclaimed by
the President until such limitation has filled........................

1/

9903.85.12

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.85.67 or 9903.85.69,
products of aluminum of the United Kingdom provided for in
the tariff headings or subheadings enumerated in subdivision
(o) of note 19 to this subchapter.................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 444

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.85.13

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.85.68 or 9903.85.70,
derivative aluminum products of the United Kingdom provided
for in the tariff headings or subheadings enumerated in
subdivision (q) of note 19 to this subchapter.............................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading + a
duty of 25%
upon the value
of the aluminum
content

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + a
duty of 25% upon
the value of the
aluminum content

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 10%
(CA, MX, S)

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
a duty of 25%
upon the
value of the
aluminum
content.

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

9903.85.14

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.85.09, 9903.85.68 or
9903.85.70, derivative aluminum products of the United
Kingdom, provided for in the tariff provisions enumerated in
subdivision (r) of note 19 to thissubchapter...............................

1/

9903.85.15

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.85.09, 9903.85.68 or
9903.85.70, derivative aluminum products, provided for in the
tariff provisions enumerated in subdivision (s) of note 19 to
this subchapter..............................................................................

1/

9903.85.21

1/

Aluminum products of Canada enumerated in U.S. note
19(a)(iv) to this subchapter..........................................................

1/

9903.85.25

1/

Aluminum products of member countries of the European Union
enumerated in U.S. note 19(a)(v) to this subchapter, when
such products are covered by an exclusion granted by the
Secretary of Commerce under note 19(c) to this subchapter,
provided that such goods shall be counted toward any
quantitative limitation applicable to any such product until such
limitation has filled.........................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 445

2

Aluminum products of member countries of the European Union
enumerated in U.S. note 19(a)(v) to this subchapter and not
described in heading 9903.85.25 to this subchapter, when
entered in annual aggregate quantities not to exceed the
quantities specified pursuant to such U.S. note 19:

Unwrought aluminum products specified in U.S. note
19(b)(i) to this subchapter:

9903.85.27

1/

Unwrought aluminum, not alloyed (provided for in
subheading 7601.10.30 or 7601.10.60).......................

1/

9903.85.29

1/

Other unwrought products, alloyed (provided for in
subheading 7601.20.30, 7601.20.60 or 7601.20.90)..

1/

9903.85.31

1/

Other aluminum products, specified in U.S. note 19(b)(ii)
through 19(b)(v) to this subchapter:

Bars, rods and profiles of aluminum, not alloyed
(provided for in subheading 7604.10.10, 7604.10.30
or 7604.10.50).................................................................

1/

9903.85.32

1/

Hollow profiles of aluminum alloys (provided for in
subheading 7604.21.00)................................................

1/

9903.85.33

1/

Bars, rods, and solid profiles, alloyed (provided for in
subheading 7604.29.10, 7604.29.30 or 7604.29.50)..

1/

9903.85.34

1/

Wire of aluminum, of which the maximum
cross-sectional dimension exceeds 7 mm (provided
for in subheading 7605.11.00 or 7605.21.00)..............

1/

9903.85.35

1/

Other wire of aluminum (provided for in subheading
7605.19.00 or 7605.29.00)............................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 446

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.85.36

1/

9903.85.37

1/

Aluminum products of member countries of the European Union
enumerated in U.S. note 19(a)(v) to this subchapter and not
described in heading 9903.85.25 to this subchapter, when
entered in annual aggregate quantities not to exceed the
quantities specified pursuant to such U.S. note 19: (con.)
Other aluminum products, specified in U.S. note 19(b)(ii)
through 19(b)(v) to this subchapter: (con.)

Products meeting the requirements of note 1(d) to this
chapter and with a thickness of more than 6.3 mm
(described in statistical reporting number
7606.11.3030, 7606.12.3015, 7606.12.3025,
7606.12.3035, 7606.91.3055, 7606.91.6055,
7606.92.3025 or 7606.92.6055)....................................

1/

Products meeting the requirements of note1(d) to this
chapter and with a thickness not exceeding 6.3 mm
(described in statistical reporting number
7606.11.3060, 7606.12.3091, 7606.12.3096,
7606.91.3095, 7606.91.6095, 7606.92.3035 or
7606.92.6095), and clad products (described in
statistical reporting number 7606.11.6000 or
7606.12.6000).................................................................

1/

9903.85.38

1/

Aluminum alloy can stock (described in statistical
reporting number 7606.12.3045 or 7606.12.3055)......

1/

9903.85.39

1/

Aluminum foil, not backed (described in statistical
reporting number 7607.11.3000, 7607.11.6010,
7607.11.6090, 7607.11.9030, 7607.11.9060,
7607.11.9090, 7607.19.1000, 7607.19.3000 or
7607.19.6000).................................................................

1/

9903.85.40

1/

Aluminum foil, backed (described in statistical reporting
number 7607.20.1000 or 7607.20.5000).....................

1/

9903.85.41

1/

Pipes and tubes of aluminum, seamless (described in
statistical reporting number 7608.10.0030 or
7608.20.0030).................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 447

2

Aluminum products of member countries of the European Union
enumerated in U.S. note 19(a)(v) to this subchapter and not
described in heading 9903.85.25 to this subchapter, when
entered in annual aggregate quantities not to exceed the
quantities specified pursuant to such U.S. note 19: (con.)
Other aluminum products, specified in U.S. note 19(b)(ii)
through 19(b)(v) to this subchapter: (con.)

Pipes and tubes of aluminum, other than seamless
(described in statistical reporting number 7608.10.0090
or 7608.20.0090).............................................................

1/

9903.85.42

1/

9903.85.43

1/

Tube or pipe fittings of aluminum (for example,
couplings, elbows, sleeves) (described in statistical
reporting number 7609.00.0000)..................................

1/

9903.85.44

1/

Castings or forgings of aluminum (described in
statistical reporting number 7616.99.5160 or
7616.99.5170).................................................................

1/

9903.85.50

1/

Aluminum products of the United Kingdom, when such products
are covered by an exclusion granted by the Secretary of
Commerce under note 19(c) to this subchapter, provided that
such goods shall be counted toward any quantitative limitation
applicable to any such product until such limitation has filled..

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 448

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Aluminum products of the United Kingdom, not described in
heading 9903.85.50 to this subchapter and entered under the
terms provided in U.S. note 19 to this subchapter:

Unwrought aluminum products specified in U.S. note
19(b)(i) to this subchapter, when entered in aggregate
annual quantities not to exceed 0.9 thousand metric tons
(TMT):

9903.85.51

1/

Unwrought aluminum, not alloyed (provided for in
subheading 7601.10.30 or 7601.10.60).......................

1/

9903.85.52

1/

Other unwrought products, alloyed (provided for in
subheading 7601.20.30, 7601.20.60 or 7601.20.90)..

1/

9903.85.53

1/

Other aluminum products (other than foil), specified in U.S.
note 19(b)(ii) through 19(b)(v) to this subchapter, when
entered in aggregate annual quantities not to exceed 11.4
TM:

Bars, rods and profiles of aluminum, not alloyed
(provided for in subheading 7604.10.10, 7604.10.30
or 7604.10.50).................................................................

1/

9903.85.54

1/

Hollow profiles of aluminum alloys (provided for in
subheading 7604.21.00)................................................

1/

9903.85.55

1/

Bars, rods, and solid profiles, alloyed (provided for in
subheading 7604.29.10, 7604.29.30 or 7604.29.50)..

1/

9903.85.56

1/

Wire of aluminum, of which the maximum
cross-sectional dimension exceeds 7 mm (provided
for in subheading 7605.11.00 or 7605.21.00)..............

1/

9903.85.57

1/

Other wire of aluminum (provided for in subheading
7605.19.00 or 7605.29.00)............................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 449

2

9903.85.58

1/

9903.85.59

1/

Aluminum products of the United Kingdom, not described in
heading 9903.85.50 to this subchapter and entered under the
terms provided in U.S. note 19 to this subchapter: (con.)
Other aluminum products (other than foil), specified in U.S.
note 19(b)(ii) through 19(b)(v) to this subchapter, when entered
in aggregate annual quantities not to exceed 11.4 TM: (con.)

Products meeting the requirements of note 1(d) to
chapter 76 and with a thickness of more than 6.3 mm
(described in statistical reporting number
7606.11.3030, 7606.12.3015, 7606.12.3025,
7606.12.3035, 7606.91.3055, 7606.91.6055,
7606.92.3025 or 7606.92.6055)....................................

Products meeting the requirements of note 1(d) to
chapter 76 and with a thickness of more than 6.3 mm
(described in statistical reporting number
7606.11.3060, 7606.12.3091, 7606.12.3096,
7606.91.3095, 7606.91.6095, 7606.92.3035 or
7606.92.6095).................................................................

1/

1/

9903.85.60

1/

Aluminum alloy can stock (described in statistical
reporting number 7606.12.3045 or 7606.12.3055......

1/

9903.85.61

1/

Pipes and tubes of aluminum, seamless (described in
statistical reporting number 7608.10.0030 or
7608.20.0030).................................................................

1/

9903.85.62

1/

Pipes and tubes of aluminum, other than seamless
(described in statistical reporting number 7608.10.0090
or 7608.20.0090).............................................................

1/

9903.85.63

1/

Tube or pipe fittings of aluminum (for example,
couplings, elbows, sleeves) (described in statistical
reporting number 7609.00.0000)..................................

1/

9903.85.64

1/

Castings or forgings of aluminum (described in
statistical reporting number 7616.99.5160 or
7616.99.5170...................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 450

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.85.65

1/

Aluminum products of the United Kingdom, not described in
heading 9903.85.50 to this subchapter and entered under the
terms provided in U.S. note 19 to this subchapter: (con.)

Aluminum foil, when entered in aggregate annual quantities
not to exceed 9.3 TMT:

Aluminum foil, not backed (described in statistical
reporting number 7607.11.3000, 7607.11.6010,
7607.11.6090, 7607.11.9030, 7607.11.9060,
7607.11.9090, 7607.19.1000, 7607.19.3000 or
7607.19.6000).................................................................

1/

9903.85.66

1/

Aluminum foil, backed (described in statistical reporting
number 7607.20.1000 or 7607.20.5000).....................

1/

9903.85.67

1/

Aluminum articles that are the product of Russia, or where any
amount of primary aluminum used in the manufacture of the
aluminum articles is smelted in Russia, or where the aluminum
articles are cast in Russia, the foregoing under the terms of
note 19(a)(vii)(A) to this subchapter, or note 19(m)(A) to this
subchapter, as applicable per the date of entry for consumption
or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, except any
exclusions that may be determined and announced by the
Department of Commerce............................................................

1/

9903.85.68

1/

Derivative aluminum articles that are products of Russia, or
where any amount of primary aluminum used in the
manufacture of the derivative articles is smelted in Russia, or
where the derivative aluminum articles are cast in Russia,
when such derivative articles are provided for in the headings
or subheadings enumerated in note 19(a)(iii) to this subchapter,
or notes 19(i), 19(j) or 19(k) to this subchapter, as applicable
per the date of entry for consumption or withdrawal from
warehouse for consumption, except any exclusions that may
be determined and announced by the Department of
Commerce.....................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
200%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
200%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading +
200% (AU, BH,
CA, CL, CO, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, MX,
OM, P, PA, PE,
SG)

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
200%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
200%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading +
200% (AU, BH,
CA, CL, CO, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, MX,
OM, P, PA, PE,
SG)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 451

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.85.69

1/

Except for goods provided for in heading 9903.85.67, aluminum
articles that are the product of Russia, or where any amount
of primary aluminum used in the manufacture of the aluminum
articles is smelted in Russia, or where the aluminum articles
are cast in Russia, the foregoing under the terms of note
19(a)(vii)(A) to this subchapter, or note 19(m)(A) to this
subchapter, as applicable per the date of entry for consumption
or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, admitted into
a U.S. foreign trade zone under "privileged foreign status" as
defined in 19 CFR 146.41, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern standard
time on April 10, 2023, except any exclusions that may be
determined and announced by the Department of
Commerce.....................................................................................

9903.85.70

1/

Except for goods provided for in heading 9903.85.68, derivative
aluminum articles that are products of Russia, or where any
amount of primary aluminum used in the manufacture of the
derivative aluminum articles is smelted in Russia, or where the
derivative aluminum articles are cast in Russia, when such
derivative articles are provided for in the headings or
subheadings enumerated in note 19(a)(iii) to this subchapter,
or notes 19(i), 19(j) or 19(k) to this subchapter, as applicable
per the date of entry for consumption or withdrawal from
warehouse for consumption, admitted into a U.S. foreign trade
zone under "privileged foreign status" as defined in 19 CFR
146.41, prior to 12:01 a.m. eastern standard time on April 10,
2023, except any exclusions that may be determined and
announced by the Department of Commerce............................

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
200%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
200%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading +
200% (AU, BH,
CA, CL, CO, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, MX,
OM, P, PA, PE,
SG)

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
200%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
200%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading +
200% (AU, BH,
CA, CL, CO, E, IL,
JO, KR, MA, MX,
OM, P, PA, PE,
SG)

9903.85.71

1/

Aluminum articles of Mexico enumerated in U.S. note 19 to
this subchapter, containing primary aluminum for which the
primary country of smelt, secondary country of smelt, or country
of most recent cast, is China, Russia, Belarus or Iran..............

1/

9903.85.72

1/

Derivative aluminum articles of Mexico enumerated in U.S.
note 19(a)(iii) to this subchapter, containing primary aluminum
for which the primary country of smelt, secondary country of
smelt, or country of most recent cast, is China, Russia, Belarus
or Iran.............................................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 452

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.88.01

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.88.05, 9903.88.06,
9903.88.07, 9903.88.08, 9903.88.10, 9903.88.11, 9903.88.14,
9903.88.19, 9903.88.50, 9903.88.52, 9903.88.58, 9903.88.60,
9903.88.62, 9903.88.66, 9903.88.67, 9903.88.68, or
9903.88.69, articles the product of China, as provided for in
U.S. note 20(a) to this subchapter and as provided for in the
subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(b) [to this
subchapter]....................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

9903.88.02

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.88.12, 9903.88.17,
9903.88.20, 9903.88.54, 9903.88.59, 9903.88.61, 9903.88.63,
9903.88.66, 9903.88.67, 9903.88.68, 9903.88.69, or
9903.88.70, articles the product of China, as provided for in
U.S. note 20(c) to this subchapter and as provided for in the
subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(d).............................

9903.88.03

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.88.13, 9903.88.18,
9903.88.33, 9903.88.34, 9903.88.35, 9903.88.36, 9903.88.37,
9903.88.38, 9903.88.40, 9903.88.41, 9903.88.43, 9903.88.45,
9903.88.46, 9903.88.48, 9903.88.56, 9903.88.64, 9903.88.66,
9903.88.67, 9903.88.68, or 9903.88.69, articles the product
of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(e) to this subchapter
and as provided for in the subheadings enumerated in U.S.
note 20(f)........................................................................................

9903.88.04

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.88.33, 9903.88.34,
9903.88.36, 9903.88.37, 9903.88.38, 9903.88.40, 9903.88.46,
9903.88.48, 9903.88.56, 9903.88.64, 9903.88.66, 9903.88.67,
or 9903.88.69, articles the product of China, as provided for
in U.S. note 20(g) to this subchapter and as provided for in the
subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 20(g).............................

9903.88.05

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(h)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading plus
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading2/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Effective period extended only for subdivisions (2), (7), (11), (29), (30) and (31) of note 20(h) to this subchapter.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 453

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.88.06

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(i)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
10%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

9903.88.07

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(j)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative1/..................................................

1/

9903.88.08

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(k)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the United States Trade Representative....................................

1/

9903.88.09

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(l)
to this subchapter and as provided for in the subheadings
enumerated in U.S. notes 20(f) or 20(g) to this subchapter, if
exported to the United States before May 10, 2019 and entered
for consumption, or withdrawn from warehouse for
consumption, on or after May 10, 2019, and before June 15,
2019...............................................................................................

1/

9903.88.10

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(m)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.11

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(n)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.12

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(o)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.13

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(p)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 454

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.88.14

1/

9903.88.15

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(q)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

Except as provided in headings 9903.88.39, 9903.88.42,
9903.88.44, 9903.88.47, 9903.88.49, 9903.88.51, 9903.88.53,
9903.88.55, 9903.88.57, 9903.88.65, 9903.88.66, 9903.88.67,
9903.88.68, or 9903.88.69, articles the product of China, as
provided for in U.S. note 20(r) to this subchapter and as
provided for in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note
20(s)...............................................................................................

1/

9903.88.16

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(t)
to this subchapter and as provided for in the subheadings
enumerated in U.S. note 20(u) [Compiler's note: provision
suspended.].................................................................................

1/

9903.88.17

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(v)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.18

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(w)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.19

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(x)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.20

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(y)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.21

/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(z)
to this subchapter.........................................................................

/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
7.5%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%2/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Subdivisions (t) and (u) of note 20 to this chapter and heading 9903.88.16 are suspended.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 455

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.88.22

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(aa) to this subchapter.............................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

9903.88.23

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(bb) to this subchapter.............................................................

1/

9903.88.24

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(cc) to this subchapter.............................................................

1/

9903.88.25

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(dd) to this subchapter.............................................................

1/

9903.88.26

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(ee) to this subchapter.............................................................

1/

9903.88.27

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(ff)
to this subchapter.........................................................................

1/

9903.88.28

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(gg) to this subchapter.............................................................

1/

9903.88.33

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(ll)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.34

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(mm) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.35

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(nn) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 456

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.88.36

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(oo) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

9903.88.37

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(pp) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.38

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(qq) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.39

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(rr)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.40

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(ss) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.41

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(tt)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

9903.88.42

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(uu) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.43

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(vv) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.44

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(ww) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 457

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.88.45

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(xx) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

9903.88.46

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(yy) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.47

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(zz) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.48

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(aaa) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.49

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(bbb) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.50

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after June 4, 2020, and
through December 31, 2020, articles the product of China, as
provided for in U.S. note 20(ccc) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

1/

9903.88.51

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(ddd) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.52

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after July 9, 2020, and
through December 31, 2020, articles the product of China, as
provided for in U.S. note 20(eee) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 458

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.88.53

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(fff)
to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by
the U.S. Trade Representative....................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

9903.88.54

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after July 31, 2020, and
through December 31, 2020, articles the product of China, as
provided for in U.S. note 20(ggg) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

1/

9903.88.55

1/

Articles the product of China, as provided for in U.S. note
20(hhh) to this subchapter, each covered by an exclusion
granted by the U.S. Trade Representative................................

1/

9903.88.56

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after August 7, 2020,
and through December 31, 2020, articles the product of China,
as provided for in U.S. note 20(iii) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.57

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after September 1, 2020,
and through December 31, 2020, articles the product of China,
as provided for in U.S. note 20(jjj) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.58

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after September 20,
2020, and through December 31, 2020, articles the product
of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(kkk) to this
subchapter, each covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S.
Trade Representative...................................................................

9903.88.59

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after September 20,
2020, and through December 31, 2020, articles the product
of China, as provided for in U.S. note 20(lll) to this subchapter,
each covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 459

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.88.60

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after October 2, 2020,
and through December 31, 2020, articles the product of China,
as provided for in U.S. note 20(mmm) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.61

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after October 2, 2020,
and through December 31, 2020, articles the product of China,
as provided for in U.S. note 20(nnn) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.62

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2021,
and through November 30, 2021, articles the product of China,
as provided for in U.S. note 20(ooo) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.63

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2021,
and through November 30, 2021, articles the product of China,
as provided for in U.S. note 20(ppp) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.64

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2021,
and through November 30, 2021, articles the product of China,
as provided for in U.S. note 20(qqq) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.65

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2021,
and through November 30, 2021, articles the product of China,
as provided for in U.S. note 20(rrr) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.66

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after December 1, 2021,
and before June 1, 2023, articles the product of China, as
provided for in U.S. note 20(sss) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 460

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.88.67

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after October 12, 2021
and through June 14, 2024, articles the product of China, as
provided for in U.S. note 20(ttt) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
0%

No change

1/

1/

1/

1/

9903.88.68

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after June 1, 2023, and
before June 15, 2024, articles the product of China, as
provided for in U.S. note 20(uuu) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.69

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after June 15, 2024 and
through November 9, 2026, articles the product of China, as
provided for in U.S. note 20(vvv) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.88.70

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2024,
and through November 9, 2026, articles the product of China,
as provided in U.S. note 20(www) to this subchapter, each
covered by an exclusion granted by the U.S. Trade
Representative..............................................................................

9903.89.01

1/

Articles the product of Nicaragua, as provided for in U.S. note
29 to this subchapter....................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 461

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.89.05

1/

Articles the product of France, of Germany, of Spain or of the
United Kingdom: [Compiler's note: Duties suspended
except on certain goods entered from foreign trade
zones.]

New airplanes and other new aircraft, as defined in U.S.
note 21(b) to this subchapter (other than military airplanes
or other military aircraft), of an unladen weight exceeding
30,000 kg (described in statistical reporting numbers
8802.40.0040, 8802.40.0060 or 8802.40.0070)................

1/

9903.89.07

1/

Airplanes and other aircraft, of an unladen weight
exceeding 15,000 kg (provided for in subheading
8802.40.00), the foregoing not described in subheading
9903.89.05..............................................................................

1/

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia,
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy,
Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland,
Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the
United Kingdom: [Compiler's note: Duties suspended
except on certain goods entered from foreign trade
zones.]

9903.89.10

1/

Provided for in the subheadings enumerated in U.S. note
21(c) to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

9903.89.13

1/

Articles the product of Germany, of Spain or of the United
Kingdom: [Compiler's note: Duties suspended except on
certain goods entered from foreign trade zones.]

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(d)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia,
Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Portugal,
Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United
Kingdom: [Compiler's note: Duties suspended except on
certain goods entered from foreign trade zones.]

9903.89.16

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(e)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 462

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia,
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy,
Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Portugal,
Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United
Kingdom: [Compiler's note: Duties suspended except on
certain goods entered from foreign trade zones.]

9903.89.19

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(f)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia,
Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal,
Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United
Kingdom: [Compiler's note: Duties suspended except on
certain goods entered from foreign trade zones.]

9903.89.22

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(g)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia,
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia,
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom: [Compiler's
note: Duties suspended except on certain goods entered
from foreign trade zones.]

9903.89.25

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(h)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Republic of
Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany,
Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg,
Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia,
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom: [Compiler's
note: Duties suspended except on certain goods entered
from foreign trade zones.]

9903.89.28

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(i)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 463

2

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia,
Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia,
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom: [Compiler's
note: Duties suspended except on certain goods entered
from foreign trade zones.]

9903.89.31

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(j)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

Articles the product of France, of Germany, of Spain or of the
United Kingdom: [Compiler's note: Duties suspended
except on certain goods entered from foreign trade
zones.]

9903.89.34

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(k)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

9903.89.37

1/

Articles the product of Germany: [Compiler's note: Duties
suspended except on certain goods entered from foreign
trade zones.]

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(l)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland,
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia,
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden or the United Kingdom: [Compiler's
note: Duties suspended except on certain goods entered
from foreign trade zones.]

9903.89.40

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(m)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

Articles the product of Germany or of the United Kingdom:
[Compiler's note: Duties suspended except on certain
goods entered from foreign trade zones.]

9903.89.43

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(n)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - III - 464

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Articles the product of Germany, of Ireland, of Italy, of Spain
or of the United Kingdom: [Compiler's note: Duties
suspended except on certain goods entered from foreign
trade zones.]

9903.89.46

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(o)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

9903.89.49

1/

Articles the product of the United Kingdom: [Compiler's note:
Duties suspended except on certain goods entered from
foreign trade zones.]

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(p)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

9903.89.50

1/

Irish and Scotch Whiskies (provided for in subheading
2208.30.30), the foregoing not described in subheading
9903.89.49..............................................................................

1/

9903.89.52

1/

Articles the product of France or Germany: [Compiler's note:
Duties suspended except on certain goods entered from
foreign trade zones.]

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(q)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

Articles the product of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany,
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta,
Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain,
Sweden, or the United Kingdom: [Compiler's note: Duties
suspended except on certain goods entered from foreign
trade zones.]

9903.89.55

1/

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(r)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided inthe
applicable
subheading+
25%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 465

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.89.57

1/

Articles the product of France or Germany: [Compiler's note:
Duties suspended except on certain goods entered from
foreign trade zones.]

Provided for in subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 21(s)
to this subchapter...................................................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
15%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

35%

70%

9903.89.59

1/

Spirits obtained by distilling grape wine or grape marc
(grape brandy), other than Pisco and Singani, in containers
each holding not over 4 liters, valued over $3.43/liter
(provided for in subheading 2208.20.40), the foregoing not
described in subheading 9903.89.57..................................

1/

9903.89.61

1/

Articles the product of France or Germany: [Compiler's note:
Duties suspended except on certain goods entered from
foreign trade zones.]

Fuselages and fuselage sections, wings and wing
assemblies (other than wings having exterior surfaces of
carbon composite material), horizontal stabilizers, and
vertical stabilizers as defined in U.S. note 21(t), suitable
for use solely or principally with new airplanes and other
aircraft of an unladen weight over 30,000 kg as described
in subheading 9903.89.05 (described in statistical reporting
number 8803.30.0030)..........................................................

1/

9903.89.63

1/

Other parts of airplanes or helicopters (provided for
[described]in statistical reporting number 8803.30.0030),
the foregoing not described [provided for]in subheading
9903.89.61..............................................................................

1/

9903.90.08

1/

9903.90.09

1/

Articles the product of the Russian Federation, as provided for
in U.S. note 30(a) to this subchapter and as provided for in the
subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 30(b) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

Articles the product of the Russian Federation, as provided for
in U.S. note 30(c) to this subchapter and as provided for in the
subheadings enumerated in U.S. note 30(d) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

9903.91.01

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after September 27,
2024, articles the product of China, as provided for in
subdivision (b) of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter....................

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 466

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.91.02

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after September 27,
2024, articles the product of China, as provided for in
subdivision (c) of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter....................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
100%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
50%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
100%

9903.91.03

1/

Except as provided in heading 9903.91.10, effective with
respect to entries on or after September 27, 2024, articles the
product of China, as provided for in subdivision (d) of U.S. note
31 to this subchapter....................................................................

1/

9903.91.04

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2025,
and before January 1, 2026, articles the product of China, as
provided for in subdivision (e) of U.S. note 31 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.91.05

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2025,
articles the product of China, as provided for in subdivision (f)
of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter...............................................

1/

9903.91.06

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2026,
articles the product of China, as provided for in subdivision (g)
of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter...............................................

1/

9903.91.07

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2026,
articles the product of China, as provided for in subdivision (h)
of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter...............................................

1/

9903.91.08

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2026,
articles the product of China, as provided for in subdivision (i)
of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter...............................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 467

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.91.09

1/

Notwithstanding subheading 9903.92.10, effective with respect
to entries, on or after September 27, 2024, of ship-to-shore
gantry cranes, configured as a high- or low-profile steel
superstructure and designed to unload intermodal containers
from vessels with coupling devices for containers, including
spreaders or twist-locks, articles the product of China (provided
for in subheading 8426.19.00), that are fulfilling in whole or in
part an executed contract for sale dated prior to May 14, 2024
for goods that are entered for consumption, or withdrawn from
warehouse for consumption, in the United States prior to May
14, 2026.........................................................................................

1/

9903.91.10

1/

Notwithstanding heading 9903.91.03, effective with respect
to entries of enteral syringes, of China, on or after September
27, 2024, and before January 1, 2026 (described in statistical
reporting number 9018.31.0080)................................................

1/

9903.91.11

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after January 1, 2025,
articles the product of China, as provided for in subdivision (j)
of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter...............................................

1/

9903.91.12

1/

Effective with respect to entries, on or after November 10,
2026, of intermodal chassis, subassemblies thereof, and parts
thereof (provided for in statistical reporting number
8716.39.0090, or in subheadings 8716.90.30 or 8716.90.50),
articles the product of China, as provided for in subdivision
(k)(i) of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter, except as provided in
heading 9903.91.13......................................................................

1/

9903.91.13

1/

Effective with respect to entries, on or after November 10,
2026, of articles the product of China, as provided for in
subdivision (k)(ii) of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter (provided
for in statistical reporting number 8716.39.0090, or
subheadings 8716.90.30 or 8716.90.50), except as provided
in heading 9903.91.12..................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in
subheadings
8716.39.00,
8716.90.30 or
8716.90.50 +
100%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

XXII
99 - III - 468

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.91.14

1/

9903.91.15

1/

9903.91.16

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Effective with respect to entries, on or after November 10,
2026, of ship-to-shore gantry cranes, configured as a high- or
low-profile steel superstructure and designed to unload
intermodal containers from vessels with coupling devices for
containers, including spreaders or twist-locks (provided for in
subheading 8426.19.00), as provided for in subdivision (l) of
U.S. note 31 to this subchapter, except as provided in headings
9903.91.09, 9903.91.15 or 9903.91.16.....................................

1/

Notwithstanding heading 9903.91.14, effective with respect
to entries, on or after November 10, 2026, of ship-to-shore
gantry cranes, configured as a high- or low-profile steel
superstructure and designed to unload intermodal containers
from vessels with coupling devices for containers, including
spreaders or twist-locks (provided for in subheading
8426.19.00), attested by the importer that the ship-to-shore
gantry cranes: (1) are not products of China; (2) are not
manufactured, assembled, or made using components,
assemblies or subassemblies that are products of China, as
specified in subdivision (l)(ii) of note 31 to this subchapter; and
(3) are not manufactured by a company or other entity that is
owned or controlled by a Chinese person or legal entity, as
specified by subdivision (l)(v) of note 31 to this subchapter.....

Notwithstanding heading 9903.91.14, effective with respect
to entries, on or after November 10, 2026, of ship-to-shore
gantry cranes, configured as a high- or low-profile steel
superstructure and designed to unload intermodal containers
from vessels with coupling devices for containers, including
spreaders or twist-locks (provided for in subheading
8426.19.00), that: (1) are products of China; (2) that are
manufactured, assembled or made using components,
assemblies or subassemblies that are products of China; or
(3) that are manufactured by a company or other entity that is
owned or controlled by a Chinese person or legal entity, as
specified by subdivision (l) of U.S. note 31 to this subchapter,
that are attested by the importer as fulfilling in whole or in part
an executed contract for sale dated prior to April 17, 2025 for
goods that are entered for consumption, or withdrawn from
warehouse for consumption, in the United States prior to April
18, 2027.........................................................................................

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
100%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 469

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.92

9903.92.10

1/

Effective with respect to entries, on or after September 27,
2024, of overhead traveling cranes, transporter cranes, gantry
cranes, bridge cranes and mobile lifting frames, other than
overhead traveling cranes on fixed support and other than
mobile lifting frames on tires, articles the product of China
(provided for in subheading 8426.19.00):

Except as provided in heading 9903.91.09, ship-to-shore
gantry cranes, configured as a high- or low-profile steel
superstructure and designed to unload intermodal
containers from vessels with coupling devices for
containers, including spreaders or twist-locks (provided
for in subheading 8426.19.00)..............................................

1/

9903.92.80

1/

Other (provided for in subheading 8426.19.00).................

1/

9903.94.01

1/

Except for products described in headings 9903.94.02,
9903.94.03, 9903.94.04, 9903.94.31, 9903.94.40, 9903.94.41,
9903.94.50, 9903.94.51, 9903.94.60, and 9903.94.61,
passenger vehicles (sedans, sport utility vehicles, crossover
utility vehicles, minivans, and cargo vans) and light trucks, as
specified in note 33 to this subchapter, as provided for in
subdivision (b) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter....................

1/

9903.94.02

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after April 3, 2025,
articles as provided for in subdivision (c) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.94.03

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after April 3, 2025, certain
passenger vehicles and light trucks, as provided for in
subdivision (d) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter....................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading + a
duty of 25%
upon the value
of the non-U.S.
content

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading + a
duty of 25% upon
the value of the
non- U.S. content

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 470

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.94.04

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after April 3, 2025, certain
passenger vehicles and light trucks, as provided for in
subdivision (e) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter....................

1/

9903.94.05

1/

Except for products described in headings 9903.94.06,
9903.94.32, 9903.94.33, 9903.94.42, 9903.94.43, 9903.94.44,
9903.94.45, 9903.94.52, 9903.94.53, 9903.94.54, 9903.94.55,
9903.94.62, and 9903.94.63, automobile parts, as provided
for in subdivision (g) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter...........

1/

9903.94.06

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after May 3, 2025, articles
provided for in subdivision (h) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

9903.94.07

1/

Except as provided for in headings 9903.94.33, 9903.94.44,
9903.94.45, 9903.94.54, 9903.94.55, 9903.94.64, and
9903.94.65, automobile parts as provided for in subdivision
(p) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter.........................................

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading
+25%

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
25%

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading + 25%

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading +
25%

9903.94.31

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after [ ], passenger
vehicles that are products of the United Kingdom as specified
in subdivision (i) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter, when
entered under the terms of subdivision (i) of U.S. note 33 to
this subchapter. [Compilers note: This heading is effective
on or after June 30, 2025. For more information, see 90
Fed. Reg. 27851.]........................................................................

9903.94.32

1/

Effective with respect to entries on or after [ ], parts of
passenger vehicles and light trucks of the United Kingdom,
classified in the subheadings enumerated in subdivision (j) of
U.S. note 33 to this subchapter. [Compilers note: This
heading is effective on or after June 30, 2025. For more
information, see 90 Fed. Reg. 27851.]..................................

9903.94.33

1/

Automobile parts the product of the United Kingdom as
provided for in subdivision (q) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

1/

1/

1/

No change.

No change.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading +
7.5%

10%

10%

No change

10%

10%

No change

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 471

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.94.40

1/

Passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products of Japan
as provided for in subdivision (k) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent) rate
of duty under column 1 equal to or greater than 15 percent as
provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

9903.94.41

1/

9903.94.42

1/

Passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products of Japan
provided for in subdivision (k) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent) rate
of duty under column 1 less than 15 percent as provided for
in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter...............

Parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products
of Japan as provided for subdivision (l) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent) rate
of duty under column 1 equal to or greater than 15 percent as
provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

9903.94.43

1/

9903.94.44

1/

Parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products
of Japan as provided for in subdivision (l) of U.S. note 33 to
this subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent)
rate of duty under column 1 less than 15 percent as provided
for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter..........

Automobile parts the product of the European Union with an
ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent) rate of duty under
column 1 equal to or greater than 15 percent, as provided for
in subdivision (r) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter.................

9903.94.45

1/

9903.94.50

1/

Automobile parts the product of the European Union with an
ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent) rate of duty under
column 1 less than 15 percent, as provided for in subdivision
(r) of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter..........................................

Passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products of the
European Union as specified in subdivision (n) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent as provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter) rate of duty under column 1 equal to or
greater than 15 percent................................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change.

the applicable
subheading

15%

15%

No change.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change.

the applicable
subheading

15%

15%

No change.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

15%

15%

No change

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change.

the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 472

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.94.51

1/

9903.94.52

1/

Passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products of the
European Union as specified in subdivision (n) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent as provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter) rate of duty under column 1 less than 15
percent...........................................................................................

Parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products
of the European Union as specified in subdivision (o) of U.S.
note 33 to this subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent as provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter) rate of duty under column 1 equal to or
greater than 15 percent................................................................

9903.94.53

1/

9903.94.54

1/

Parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products
of the European Union as specified in subdivision (o) of U.S.
note 33 to this subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent as provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter) rate of duty under column1 less than 15
percent...........................................................................................

Automobile parts the product of Japan with an ad valorem (or
ad valorem equivalent) rate of duty under column 1 equal to
or greater than 15 percent, as provided for in subdivision (r)
of U.S. note 33 to this subchapter...............................................

9903.94.55

1/

9903.94.60

1/

Automobile parts the product of Japan with an ad valorem (or
ad valorem equivalent) rate of duty under column 1 less than
15 percent, as provided for in subdivision (r) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter.........................................................................

Passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products of South
Korea as specified in subdivision (s) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent as
provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter) rate of duty under column 1-General or column
1-Special equal to or greater than 15 percent...........................

9903.94.61

1/

Passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products of South
Korea as specified in subdivision (s) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem equivalent as
provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33 to this
subchapter) rate of duty under column 1-General or column
1-Special less than 15 percent....................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

15%

15%

No change

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change.

the applicable
subheading

15%

15%

No change.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in
the applicable
subheading

15%

15%

No change.

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

1/

15%

15%

No change

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - III - 473

2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9903.94.62

1/

Parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products
of South Korea as specified in subdivisions (g) and (t) of U.S.
note 33 to this subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent as provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter) rate of duty under column 1-General or
column 1-Special equal to or greater than 15 percent.............

9903.94.63

1/

9903.94.64

1/

Parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products
of South Korea as specified in subdivisions (g) and (t) of U.S.
note 33 to this subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent as provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter) rate of duty under column 1-General or
column 1-Special less than 15 percent......................................

Parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products
of South Korea as specified in subdivisions (r) and (t) of U.S.
note 33 to this subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent as provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter) rate of duty under column 1-General or
column 1-Special equal to or greater than 15 percent.............

9903.94.65

1/

9903.96.01

1/

Parts of passenger vehicles and light trucks that are products
of South Korea as specified in subdivisions (r) and (t) of U.S.
note 33 to this subchapter, with an ad valorem (or ad valorem
equivalent as provided for in subdivision (m) of U.S. note 33
to this subchapter) rate of duty under column 1-General or
column 1-Special less than 15 percent......................................

Effective with respect to entries on or after [ ], articles of civil
aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft); their engines,
parts, and components; their other parts, components, and
subassemblies; and ground flight simulators and their parts
and components of the United Kingdom, classified in the
subheadings enumerated in subdivision (a) of U.S. note 35 to
this subchapter. [Compilers note: This heading is effective
on or after June 30, 2025. For more information, see 90
Fed. Reg. 27851.]........................................................................

9903.96.02

1/

Articles of civil aircraft (all aircraft other than military aircraft);
their engines, parts, and components; their other parts,
components, and subassemblies; and ground flight simulators
and their parts and components of Japan, excluding unmanned
aircraft, classified in the subheadings enumerated in
subdivision (b) of U.S. note 35 to this subchapter....................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

1/

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

15%

15%

No change

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

1/

15%

15%

No change

1/

1/

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change

the applicable
subheading

The duty
provided in the
applicable
subheading

The duty provided in

No change.

the applicable
subheading

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER IV

SAFEGUARD MEASURES PURSUANT TO THE AGREEMENT
ON AGRICULTURE AND ADDITIONAL IMPORT RESTRICTIONS
ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO SECTION 22 OF THE
AGRICULTURAL ADJUSTMENT ACT, AS AMENDED

XXII
99-IV-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

This subchapter contains safeguard measures established pursuant to Article 5 of the Agreement on Agriculture (as approved
by section 101 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act), which allows the imposition of additional duties based upon either the
value or the quantity of goods imported into the United States for certain agricultural products. In addition, the subchapter
contains provisions which may be proclaimed pursuant to section 22 of the Agricultural Adjustment Act, as amended (7 U.S.C.
624). All of the duties provided for in this subchapter are cumulative duties which apply in addition to the duties, if any, otherwise
imposed in the tariff schedule on the goods described herein. Unless otherwise stated, the duties or limitations provided for
in this subchapter apply until suspended or terminated. Goods of the following countries imported into the United States shall
not be subject to any of the provisions, duties or limitations of this subchapter:

Canada, Mexico, Jordan, Singapore, Chile, Australia, Morocco, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Guatemala, Bahrain, Dominican
Republic, Costa Rica, Peru, Oman, Korea, Colombia, Panama

The provisions imposing safeguard duties based upon value set forth in this subchapter shall apply to all goods described
herein (other than sheep meat, which is not subject to safeguard duties based upon value) except during periods announced
in the Federal Register by the Secretary of Agriculture in consultation with the United States Trade Representative as the
effective periods of the provisions imposing safeguard duties based upon quantity with respect to such goods, during which
period the safeguard duties based upon value shall be deemed suspended and only the safeguard duties based upon quantity
shall apply to such goods. Unless the Secretary of Agriculture invokes safeguard duties based upon quantity for specified
goods and so announces in the Federal Register (as provided in the first sentence of this note), the tariff provisions providing
for such duties shall be deemed suspended and shall not apply to the goods described herein. No safeguard duties based
upon quantity shall apply to goods en route on the basis of a contract settled before the effective date of such measures
specified in a notice issued by the Secretary of Agriculture.

3.

For the purposes of this subchapter, imports of peanuts in the shell shall be charged against the quantities in this note on the
basis of 75 kilograms for each 100 kilograms of peanuts in the shell.

XXII
99 - IV - 2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.02.01

9904.02.02

9904.02.03

9904.02.04

9904.02.05

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9904.02.06

1/

9904.02.07

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Beef, provided for in subheadings 0201.10.50, 0201.20.80,
0201.30.80, 0202.10.50, 0202.20.80 or 0202.30.80:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Carcasses and half-carcasses and other cuts with
bone in:

Fresh or chilled, provided for in subheadings
0201.10.50 or 0201.20.80:

Valued less than 25¢/kg....................................

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 45¢/kg...

1/

Valued 45¢/kg or more but less than 65¢/kg...

1/

Valued 65¢/kg or more but less than 85¢/kg...

1/

Valued 85¢/kg or more but less than
$1.05/kg..............................................................

Valued $1.05/kg or more but less than
$1.25/kg..............................................................

Valued $1.25/kg or more but less than
$1.45/kg..............................................................

1/

1/

1/

66.6¢/kg

49¢/kg

35¢/kg

24.3¢/kg

14.8¢/kg

8.8¢/kg

2.8¢/kg

9904.02.08

1/

Valued $1.45/kg or more...................................

1/

No additional duty

9904.02.09

9904.02.10

9904.02.11

9904.02.12

9904.02.13

9904.02.14

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9904.02.15

1/

9904.02.16

1/

Frozen, provided for in subheadings 0202.10.50
or 0202.20.80:

Valued less than 15¢/kg....................................

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg...

1/

Valued 35¢/kg or more but less than 55¢/kg...

1/

Valued 55¢/kg or more but less than 75¢/kg...

1/

Valued 75¢/kg or more but less than 95¢/kg...

1/

Valued 95¢/kg or more but less than
$1.15/kg..............................................................

Valued $1.15/kg or more but less than
$1.35/kg..............................................................

Valued $1.35/kg or more but less than
$1.55/kg..............................................................

1/

1/

1/

80.7¢/kg

62.7¢/kg

46.6¢/kg

33.1¢/kg

23.1¢/kg

14.4¢/kg

8.4¢/kg

2.4¢/kg

9904.02.17

1/

Valued $1.55/kg or more...................................

1/

No additional duty

9904.02.27

9904.02.28

9904.02.29

9904.02.30

9904.02.31

9904.02.32

9904.02.33

9904.02.34

9904.02.35

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Boneless, provided for in subheadings 0201.30.80 or
0202.30.80:

Valued less than 30¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg........

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg........

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg........

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1.10/kg......

1/

Valued $1.10/kg or more but less than $1.30/kg...

1/

Valued $1.30/kg or more but less than $1.50/kg...

1/

Valued $1.50/kg or more but less than $1.70/kg...

1/

75.3¢/kg

57.5¢/kg

43.5¢/kg

31.7¢/kg

21.7¢/kg

14.1¢/kg

8.1¢/kg

2.1¢/kg

Valued $1.70/kg or more.........................................

1/

No additional duty

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 3

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.02.37

1/

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Beef, provided for in subheadings 0201.10.50, 0201.20.80,
0201.30.80, 0202.10.50, 0202.20.80 or 0202.30.80: (con.)

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

8.8%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.02.60

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Sheep meat, provided for in subheadings 0204.21.00,
0204.22.40, 0204.23.40, 0204.41.00, 0204.42.40 or
0204.43.40, if entered during the effective period of safeguards
based upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture......................................................................................

1/

0.9¢/kg

Milk and cream, fluid or frozen, fresh or sour, containing over
6 percent but not over 45 percent by weight of butterfat,
provided for in subheadings 0401.40.25, 0401.50.25 or
0403.90.16:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 20¢/liter...............................................

1/

Valued 20¢/liter or more but less than 40¢/liter...........

1/

Valued 40¢/liter or more but less than 60¢/liter...........

1/

Valued 60¢/liter or more but less than 80¢/liter...........

1/

Valued 80¢/liter or more but less than $1/liter.............

1/

Valued $1/liter or more but less than $1.20/liter..........

1/

55.2¢/liter

38.4¢/liter

25.1¢/liter

15.1¢/liter

8.3¢/liter

2.3¢/liter

Valued $1.20/liter or more..............................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

25.7¢/liter

Butter, and fresh or sour cream containing over 45 percent by
weight of butterfat, provided for in subheadings 0401.50.75,
0403.90.78 or 0405.10.20:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 60¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 80¢/kg or more but less than $1/kg.................

1/

Valued $1/kg or more but less than $1.20/kg..............

1/

Valued $1.20/kg or more but less than $1.40/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.40/kg or more but less than $1.60/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.60/kg or more but less than $1.80/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.80/kg or more but less than $2/kg..............

1/

Valued $2/kg or more but less than $2.20/kg..............

1/

Valued $2.20/kg or more but less than $2.40/kg.........

1/

90.5¢/kg

74.6¢/kg

60.6¢/kg

48.4¢/kg

38.4¢/kg

28.4¢/kg

21¢/kg

15¢/kg

9¢/kg

3¢/kg

Valued $2.40/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

9904.04.01

9904.04.02

9904.04.03

9904.04.04

9904.04.05

9904.04.06

9904.04.07

9904.04.08

9904.04.09

9904.04.10

9904.04.11

9904.04.12

9904.04.13

9904.04.14

9904.04.15

9904.04.16

9904.04.17

9904.04.18

9904.04.19

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9904.04.20

1/

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:

Provided for in subheadings 0401.50.75 or
0403.90.78.......................................................................

1/

9904.04.21

1/

Provided for in subheading 0405.10.20........................

1/

54.9¢/kg

51.4¢/kg

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 5

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Dried milk, whether or not containing added sugar or other
sweetening matter, provided for in subheadings 0402.10.50
or 0402.21.25:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 20¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 60¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg...............

1/

35¢/kg

26.9¢/kg

19.8¢/kg

14.8¢/kg

9.5¢/kg

6.5¢/kg

3.5¢/kg

Valued 80¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

Dried milk and dried cream, whether or not containing added
sugar or other sweetening matter, provided for in subheadings
0402.21.50 or 0403.90.55:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 15¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 35¢/kg or more but less than 45¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 45¢/kg or more but less than 55¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 55¢/kg or more but less than 65¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 65¢/kg or more but less than 75¢/kg...............

1/

28.8¢/kg

35.6¢/kg

26.9¢/kg

19.9¢/kg

14.4¢/kg

9.4¢/kg

6¢/kg

3¢/kg

Valued 75¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

36.4¢/kg

9904.04.22

9904.04.23

9904.04.24

9904.04.25

9904.04.26

9904.04.27

9904.04.28

9904.04.29

9904.04.30

9904.04.31

9904.04.32

9904.04.33

9904.04.34

9904.04.35

9904.04.36

9904.04.37

9904.04.38

9904.04.39

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.04.40

9904.04.41

9904.04.42

9904.04.43

9904.04.44

9904.04.45

9904.04.46

9904.04.47

9904.04.48

9904.04.49

9904.04.50

9904.04.51

9904.04.52

9904.04.53

9904.04.54

9904.04.55

9904.04.56

9904.04.58

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Dried milk and dried cream, whether or not containing added
sugar or other sweetening matter, provided for in subheadings
0402.21.90 or 0403.90.65:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 60¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 80¢/kg or more but less than $1/kg.................

1/

Valued $1/kg or more but less than $1.20/kg..............

1/

Valued $1.20/kg or more but less than $1.40/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.40/kg or more but less than $1.60/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.60/kg or more but less than $1.80/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.80/kg or more but less than $2/kg..............

1/

69.1¢/kg

55.1¢/kg

42.2¢/kg

32.2¢/kg

22.2¢/kg

15.8¢/kg

9.8¢/kg

3.8¢/kg

Valued $2/kg or more......................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

51.9¢/kg

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note 1 to chapter
4, provided for in subheadings 0402.29.50, 0402.99.90,
0403.20.50, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50, 0405.20.70,
1517.90.60, 1704.90.58, 1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.32.70,
1806.32.80, 1806.90.08, 1806.90.10, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62,
1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.87
or 2202.99.28:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Provided for in subheadings 0402.29.50, 0402.99.90,
0403.20.50, 0403.90.95, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.85, or
2202.99.28:

Valued less than 65¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 65¢/kg or more but less than 95¢/kg........

1/

Valued 95¢/kg or more but less than $1.25/kg......

1/

Valued $1.25/kg or more but less than $1.55/kg...

1/

Valued $1.55/kg or more but less than $1.85/kg...

1/

Valued $1.85/kg or more but less than $2.05/kg...

1/

Valued $2.05/kg or more but less than $2.25/kg...

1/

78.4¢/kg

57.2¢/kg

40.2¢/kg

25.2¢/kg

15.6¢/kg

9.6¢/kg

3.6¢/kg

Valued $2.25/kg or more.........................................

1/

No additional duty

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 7

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note 1 to chapter
4, provided for in subheadings 0402.29.50, 0402.99.90,
0403.20.50, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50, 0405.20.70,
1517.90.60, 1704.90.58, 1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.32.70,
1806.32.80, 1806.90.08, 1806.90.10, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62,
1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.87
or 2202.99.28: (con.)

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value: (con.)

Provided for in subheadings 0404.10.15, 0405.20.70,
1517.90.60, 1704.90.58, 1806.20.82, 1806.20.83,
1806.32.70, 1806.32.80, 1806.90.08, 1806.90.10,
1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 2106.90.66 or 2106.90.87:
Valued less than 30¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg........

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg........

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg........

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1.10/kg......

1/

Valued $1.10/kg or more but less than $1.30/kg...

1/

Valued $1.30/kg or more but less than $1.50/kg...

1/

65.5¢/kg

48.6¢/kg

34.6¢/kg

24.4¢/kg

15¢/kg

9¢/kg

3¢/kg

Valued $1.50/kg or more.........................................

1/

No additional duty

Provided for in subheadings 0404.90.50, 1901.10.56,
1901.10.66, 1901.90.62, 1901.90.65, or 2105.00.40:
Valued less than 30¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg........

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg........

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg........

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1.10/kg......

1/

Valued $1.10/kg or more but less than $1.30/kg...

1/

Valued $1.30/kg or more but less than $1.50/kg...

1/

66.7¢/kg

49.7¢/kg

35.2¢/kg

25.3¢/kg

15.6¢/kg

9.6¢/kg

3.6¢/kg

Valued $1.50/kg or more.........................................

1/

No additional duty

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.09:

Valued less than 90¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1.20/kg......

1/

Valued $1.20/kg or more but less than $1.50/kg...

1/

Valued $1.50/kg or more but less than $1.80/kg...

1/

Valued $1.80/kg or more but less than $2.10/kg...

1/

Valued $2.10/kg or more but less than $2.30/kg...

1/

Valued $2.30/kg or more but less than $2.50/kg...

1/

74.1¢/kg

53.8¢/kg

38.8¢/kg

24.8¢/kg

15.8¢/kg

9.8¢/kg

3.8¢/kg

Valued $2.50/kg or more.........................................

1/

No additional duty

9904.04.59

9904.04.60

9904.04.61

9904.04.62

9904.04.63

9904.04.64

9904.04.65

9904.04.66

9904.04.67

9904.04.68

9904.04.69

9904.04.70

9904.04.71

9904.04.72

9904.04.73

9904.04.74

9904.04.75

9904.04.76

9904.04.77

9904.04.78

9904.04.79

9904.04.80

9904.04.81

9904.04.82

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.04.83

9904.04.84

9904.04.85

9904.04.86

9904.04.87

9904.04.88

9904.04.89

9904.04.90

9904.04.91

9904.04.92

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9904.04.93

1/

9904.04.94

1/

9904.04.95

1/

9904.04.96

1/

9904.04.97

9904.04.98

9904.04.99

9904.05.00

9904.05.01

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Dairy products described in additional U.S. note 1 to chapter
4, provided for in subheadings 0402.29.50, 0402.99.90,
0403.20.50, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50, 0405.20.70,
1517.90.60, 1704.90.58, 1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.32.70,
1806.32.80, 1806.90.08, 1806.90.10, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62,
1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.87
or 2202.99.28: (con.)

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:
Provided for in subheading 0402.29.50........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 0402.99.90........................

1/

Provided for in subheadings 0403.20.50 or
0403.90.95.......................................................................

1/

Provided for in subheading 0404.10.15........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 0404.90.50........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1517.90.60........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1704.90.58........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.20.82........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.20.83........................

1/

Provided for in subheadings 1806.32.70 or
1806.90.08.......................................................................

Provided for in subheadings 1806.32.80 or
1806.90.10.......................................................................

Provided for in subheadings 1901.10.26 or
1901.10.44.......................................................................

Provided for in subheadings 1901.20.15 or
1901.20.50.......................................................................

Provided for in subheadings 1901.10.56, 1901.10.66,
1901.90.62 or 1901.90.65..............................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Provided for in subheading 2105.00.40........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.09........................

1/

Provided for in subheadings 0405.20.70 or
2106.90.66.......................................................................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.87........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2202.99.28........................

1/

36.8¢/kg + 5%

15.4¢/kg + 5%

34.5¢/kg + 5.7%

34.5¢/kg + 2.8%

39.6¢/kg + 2.8%

11.4¢/kg

13.3¢/kg + 3.5%

12.4¢/kg + 2.8%

17.6¢/kg + 2.8%

12.4¢/kg + 2%

17.6¢/kg + 2%

34.5¢/kg + 5%

14.1¢/kg + 2.8%

34.5¢/kg + 4.5%

16.7¢/kg + 5.7%

28.7¢/kg

23.5¢/kg + 2.8%

9.6¢/kg + 2.8%

7.8¢/kg + 5%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 9

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Milk and cream, condensed or evaporated, provided for in
subheadings 0402.91.70, 0402.91.90, 0402.99.45 or
0402.99.55:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Provided for in subheadings 0402.91.70 or 0402.91.90:
Valued less than 15¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg........

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg........

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg........

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg........

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg........

1/

23.6¢/kg

19.5¢/kg

16¢/kg

12.8¢/kg

7.8¢/kg

4.2¢/kg

Valued 50¢/kg or more.............................................

1/

No additional duty

Provided for in subheadings 0402.99.45 or 0402.99.55:
Valued less than 30¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg........

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg........

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 60¢/kg........

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg........

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg........

1/

Valued 80¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg........

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1/kg...........

1/

39¢/kg

31.6¢/kg

24.6¢/kg

19.5¢/kg

14.5¢/kg

10.3¢/kg

7.3¢/kg

4.3¢/kg

Valued $1/kg or more...............................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:

Provided for in subheadings 0402.91.70 or
0402.91.90.......................................................................

Provided for in subheadings 0402.99.45 or
0402.99.55.......................................................................

1/

1/

10.4¢/kg

16.5¢/kg

9904.05.02

9904.05.03

9904.05.04

9904.05.05

9904.05.06

9904.05.07

9904.05.08

9904.05.09

9904.05.10

9904.05.11

9904.05.12

9904.05.13

9904.05.14

9904.05.15

9904.05.16

9904.05.17

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9904.05.18

1/

9904.05.19

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 10

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.05.20

9904.05.21

9904.05.22

9904.05.23

9904.05.24

9904.05.25

9904.05.26

9904.05.28

9904.05.29

9904.05.30

9904.05.31

9904.05.32

9904.05.33

9904.05.34

9904.05.35

9904.05.36

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Dried milk, dried cream or dried whey, whether or not
containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, provided
for in subheadings 0403.90.45 or 0404.10.90:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Dried milk and dried cream, whether or not containing
added sugar or other sweetening matter, provided for
in subheading 0403.90.45:

Valued less than 20¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg........

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg........

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg........

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 60¢/kg........

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg........

1/

29.6¢/kg

22.1¢/kg

15.7¢/kg

11.1¢/kg

8.2¢/kg

3.7¢/kg

Valued 70¢/kg or more.............................................

1/

No additional duty

Dried whey, whether or not containing added sugar or
other sweetening matter, provided for in subheading
0404.10.90:

Valued less than 7¢/kg.............................................

1/

Valued 7¢/kg or more but less than 10¢/kg...........

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg........

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg........

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg........

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg........

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg........

1/

17.7¢/kg

15¢/kg

11.2¢/kg

8¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

3.5¢/kg

2¢/kg

Valued 35¢/kg or more.............................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

29.2¢/kg

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 11

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Butter substitutes containing over 45 percent by weight of
butterfat, provided for in subheadings 0405.20.30, 0405.90.20,
2106.90.26 or 2106.90.36:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 60¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 80¢/kg or more but less than $1/kg.................

1/

Valued $1/kg or more but less than $1.20/kg..............

1/

Valued $1.20/kg or more but less than $1.40/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.40/kg or more but less than $1.60/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.60/kg or more but less than $1.80/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.80/kg or more but less than $2/kg..............

1/

67.5¢/kg

53.5¢/kg

40.9¢/kg

30.9¢/kg

21¢/kg

14.9¢/kg

8.9¢/kg

2.9¢/kg

Valued $2/kg or more......................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:
Provided for in subheading 0405.90.20........................

Provided for in subheadings 0405.20.30, 2106.90.26
or 2106.90.36...................................................................

1/

1/

62.2¢/kg + 2.8%

66.5¢/kg

Blue-mold cheese (except Stilton produced in the United
Kingdom) and cheese and substitutes for cheese contain- ing,
or processed from, blue-mold cheese, provided for in
subheadings 0406.10.18, 0406.20.28, 0406.20.63, 0406.30.18,
0406.30.63, 0406.40.70 or 0406.90.74:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than $1.20/kg..............................................

1/

Valued $1.20/kg or more but less than $1.50/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.50/kg or more but less than $1.80/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.80/kg or more but less than $2.10/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.10/kg or more but less than $2.40/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.40/kg or more but less than $2.70/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.70/kg or more but less than $3/kg..............

1/

Valued $3/kg or more but less than $3.30/kg..............

1/

Valued $3.30/kg or more but less than $3.50/kg.........

1/

$1.062/kg

85.2¢/kg

67.8¢/kg

52.8¢/kg

37.3¢/kg

28.3¢/kg

19.3¢/kg

10.3¢/kg

4.3¢/kg

Valued $3.50/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

75.6¢/kg

9904.05.37

9904.05.38

9904.05.39

9904.05.40

9904.05.41

9904.05.42

9904.05.43

9904.05.44

9904.05.45

9904.05.46

9904.05.47

9904.05.48

9904.05.49

9904.05.50

9904.05.51

9904.05.52

9904.05.53

9904.05.54

9904.05.55

9904.05.56

9904.05.57

9904.05.58

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 12

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.05.59

9904.05.60

9904.05.61

9904.05.62

9904.05.63

9904.05.64

9904.05.65

9904.05.66

9904.05.67

9904.05.68

9904.05.69

9904.05.70

9904.05.71

9904.05.72

9904.05.73

9904.05.74

9904.05.75

9904.05.76

9904.05.77

9904.05.78

9904.05.79

9904.05.80

9904.05.81

9904.05.82

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Cheddar cheese and cheese and substitutes for cheese
containing, or processed from, Cheddar cheese, provided for
in subheadings 0406.10.28, 0406.20.33, 0406.20.67,
0406.30.28, 0406.30.67, 0406.90.12 or 0406.90.78:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 65¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 65¢/kg or more but less than 75¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 75¢/kg or more but less than 85¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 85¢/kg or more but less than 95¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 95¢/kg or more but less than $1.05/kg............

1/

Valued $1.05/kg or more but less than $1.15/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.15/kg or more but less than $1.25/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.25/kg or more but less than $1.35/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.35/kg or more but less than $1.45/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.45/kg or more but less than $1.55/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.55/kg or more but less than $1.65/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.65/kg or more but less than $1.75/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.75/kg or more but less than $1.85/kg.........

1/

57.2¢/kg

50.2¢/kg

43.2¢/kg

37.7¢/kg

32.7¢/kg

27.7¢/kg

22.7¢/kg

18.5¢/kg

15.5¢/kg

12.5¢/kg

9.5¢/kg

6.5¢/kg

3.5¢/kg

Valued $1.85/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

40.9¢/kg

American-type cheese, including Colby, washed curd and
granular cheese (but not including Cheddar cheese), and
cheese and substitutes for cheese containing, or processed
from, such American-type cheese, provided for in subheadings
0406.10.38, 0406.20.39, 0406.20.71, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.71,
0406.90.54 or 0406.90.84:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 50¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1.10/kg............

1/

Valued $1.10/kg or more but less than $1.20/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.20/kg or more but less than $1.40/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.40/kg or more but less than $1.60/kg.........

1/

53.6¢/kg

39.6¢/kg

28.5¢/kg

18.5¢/kg

14.9¢/kg

8.9¢/kg

2.9¢/kg

Valued $1.60/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

35.2¢/kg

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 13

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Edam and Gouda cheeses and cheese and substitutes for
cheese containing, or processed from, Edam and Gouda
cheese, provided for in subheadings 0406.10.48, 0406.20.48,
0406.20.75, 0406.30.48, 0406.30.75, 0406.90.18 or
0406.90.88:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than $1.05/kg..............................................

1/

Valued $1.05/kg or more but less than $1.25/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.25/kg or more but less than $1.45/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.45/kg or more but less than $1.65/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.65/kg or more but less than $1.85/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.85/kg or more but less than $2.05/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.05/kg or more but less than $2.25/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.25/kg or more but less than $2.45/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.45/kg or more but less than $2.65/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.65/kg or more but less than $2.75/kg.........

1/

77¢/kg

63¢/kg

52.4¢/kg

42.4¢/kg

32.4¢/kg

25¢/kg

19¢/kg

13¢/kg

7¢/kg

4¢/kg

Valued $2.75/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

60.1¢/kg

Italian-type cheeses, made from cow's milk, in original loaves
(Romano made from cow's milk, Reggiano, Parmesan,
Provolone, Provoletti and Sbrinz), and Italian-type cheeses,
made from cow's milk, not in original loaves (Romano made
from cow's milk, Reggiano, Parmesan, Provolone, Provoletti,
Sbrinz and Goya) and cheese and substitutes for cheese
containing, or processed from, such Italian-type cheeses,
whether or not in original loaves, provided for in subheadings
0406.10.58, 0406.20.53, 0406.20.79, 0406.30.79, 0406.90.32,
0406.90.37, 0406.90.42 or 0406.90.68:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than $1.15/kg..............................................

1/

Valued $1.15/kg or more but less than $1.45/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.45/kg or more but less than $1.75/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.75/kg or more but less than $2.05/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.05/kg or more but less than $2.35/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.35/kg or more but less than $2.65/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.65/kg or more but less than $2.95/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.95/kg or more but less than $3.15/kg.........

1/

Valued $3.15/kg or more but less than $3.35/kg.........

1/

98.9¢/kg

77.9¢/kg

61.4¢/kg

46.4¢/kg

32.6¢/kg

23.6¢/kg

14.6¢/kg

8.6¢/kg

2.6¢/kg

Valued $3.35/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

71.5¢/kg

9904.05.83

9904.05.84

9904.05.85

9904.05.86

9904.05.87

9904.05.88

9904.05.89

9904.05.90

9904.05.91

9904.05.92

9904.05.93

9904.05.94

9904.05.95

9904.05.96

9904.05.97

9904.05.98

9904.05.99

9904.06.00

9904.06.01

9904.06.02

9904.06.03

9904.06.04

9904.06.05

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 14

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.06.06

9904.06.07

9904.06.08

9904.06.09

9904.06.10

9904.06.11

9904.06.12

9904.06.13

9904.06.14

9904.06.15

9904.06.16

9904.06.17

9904.06.18

9904.06.19

9904.06.20

9904.06.21

9904.06.22

9904.06.23

9904.06.24

9904.06.25

9904.06.26

9904.06.27

9904.06.28

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Swiss or Emmentaler cheese with eye formation provided for
in under subheading 0406.90.48:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 90¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1.10/kg............

1/

Valued $1.10/kg or more but less than $1.30/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.30/kg or more but less than $1.50/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.50/kg or more but less than $1.70/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.70/kg or more but less than $1.90/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.90/kg or more but less than $2.10/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.10/kg or more but less than $2.30/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.30/kg or more but less than $2.50/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.50/kg or more but less than $2.70/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.70/kg or more but less than $2.90/kg.........

1/

94¢/kg

80¢/kg

66¢/kg

55.3¢/kg

45.3¢/kg

35.3¢/kg

27.2¢/kg

21.2¢/kg

15.2¢/kg

9.2¢/kg

3.2¢/kg

Valued $2.90/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

62.6¢/kg

Swiss or Emmentaler cheese other than with eye formation,
Gruyere-process cheese and cheese and substitutes for
cheese containing, or processed from, such cheeses, provided
for in subheadings 0406.10.68, 0406.20.83, 0406.30.53,
0406.30.83 or 0406.90.92:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 70¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1.10/kg............

1/

Valued $1.10/kg or more but less than $1.30/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.30/kg or more but less than $1.50/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.50/kg or more but less than $1.70/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.70/kg or more but less than $1.90/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.90/kg or more but less than $2.10/kg.........

1/

66.8¢/kg

52.8¢/kg

41.1¢/kg

31.1¢/kg

21.5¢/kg

15.5¢/kg

9.5¢/kg

3.5¢/kg

Valued $2.10/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

46.2¢/kg

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 15

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Cheese, and substitutes for cheese, containing 0.5 percent or
less by weight of butterfat (except cheeses of the type
described in additional U.S. notes 16 through 22, inclusive, or
additional U.S. notes 24 and 25, to chapter 4) or margarine
cheese, provided for in subheadings 0406.10.78, 0406.20.87,
0406.30.87, 0406.90.94 or 1901.90.36:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 50¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1.10/kg............

1/

Valued $1.10/kg or more but less than $1.30/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.30/kg or more but less than $1.50/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.50/kg or more but less than $1.70/kg.........

1/

59.1¢/kg

45.1¢/kg

33¢/kg

23¢/kg

15¢/kg

9¢/kg

3¢/kg

Valued $1.70/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

37.6¢/kg

Cheeses and substitutes for cheese (except (i) cheese not
containing cow's milk, (ii) soft ripened cow's milk cheese, (iii)
cheese (except cottage cheese) containing 0.5 percent or less
by weight of butterfat, and (iv) cheese of the type described in
additional U.S. notes 17 through 25, inclusive, to chapter 4),
provided for in subheadings 0406.10.08, 0406.10.88,
0406.20.91, 0406.30.91 or 0406.90.97:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 50¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1.10/kg............

1/

Valued $1.10/kg or more but less than $1.30/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.30/kg or more but less than $1.50/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.50/kg or more but less than $1.70/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.70/kg or more but less than $1.90/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.90/kg or more but less than $2.10/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.10/kg or more but less than $2.30/kg.........

1/

94.3¢/kg

76.9¢/kg

62.9¢/kg

49.5¢/kg

39.5¢/kg

29.5¢/kg

21.3¢/kg

15.3¢/kg

9.3¢/kg

3.3¢/kg

Valued $2.30/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

50.3¢/kg

9904.06.29

9904.06.30

9904.06.31

9904.06.32

9904.06.33

9904.06.34

9904.06.35

9904.06.36

9904.06.37

9904.06.38

9904.06.39

9904.06.40

9904.06.41

9904.06.42

9904.06.43

9904.06.44

9904.06.45

9904.06.46

9904.06.47

9904.06.48

9904.06.49

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 16

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.12.01

9904.12.02

9904.12.03

9904.12.04

9904.12.05

9904.12.06

9904.12.07

9904.12.08

9904.12.09

9904.12.10

9904.12.11

9904.12.12

9904.12.13

9904.12.14

9904.12.15

9904.12.16

9904.12.17

9904.12.18

9904.12.19

9904.17.01

9904.17.02

9904.17.03

9904.17.04

9904.17.05

9904.17.06

9904.17.07

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Peanuts, provided for in subheadings 1202.30.80, 1202.41.80,
1202.42.20, 1202.42.90 or 2008.11.61:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

In shell, provided for in subheading 1202.41.80:

Valued less than 5¢/kg.............................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 10¢/kg...........

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg........

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg........

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg........

1/

13.3¢/kg

9.1¢/kg

5.8¢/kg

3.3¢/kg

1.7¢/kg

Valued 25¢/kg or more.............................................

1/

No additional duty

Other, provided for in subheadings 1202.30.80,
1202.42.20, 1202.42.90 or 2008.11.61:

Valued less than 10¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg........

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg........

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg........

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg........

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 60¢/kg........

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg........

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg........

1/

Valued 80¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg........

1/

Valued 90¢/kg or more but less than $1/kg...........

1/

55.4¢/kg

46.4¢/kg

37.4¢/kg

30.2¢/kg

23.3¢/kg

18.3¢/kg

13.3¢/kg

9.4¢/kg

6.4¢/kg

3.4¢/kg

Valued $1/kg or more...............................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:
In shell, provided for in subheading 1202.41.80..........

Other, provided for in subheadings 1202.30.80,
1202.42.20, 1202.42.90 or 2008.11.61........................

1/

1/

54.6%

43.9%

Sugars, syrups and molasses, provided for in subheadings
1701.13.50 and 1701.14.50:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 5¢/kg...................................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 10¢/kg.................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg...............

1/

12.9¢/kg

8.7¢/kg

5.5¢/kg

3¢/kg

1.5¢/kg

Valued 25¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

11.3¢/kg

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 17

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Sugars, syrups and molasses, provided for in subheadings
1701.12.50, 1701.91.30, 1701.99.50, 1702.90.20 or
2106.90.46:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 5¢/kg...................................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 10¢/kg.................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg...............

1/

21.6¢/kg

17.1¢/kg

13.1¢/kg

9.6¢/kg

7.1¢/kg

4.6¢/kg

3.1¢/kg

Valued 35¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

11.9¢/kg

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry weight of sugars
described in additional U.S. note 2 to chapter 17, provided for
in subheadings 1701.91.48, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68,
1806.10.28, 1806.10.55, 1806.20.73, 1806.90.49, 1901.20.25,
1901.20.60, 1901.90.54, 2101.12.48, 2101.20.48, 2106.90.76
or 2106.90.94:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Cocoa powder provided for in subheadings 1806.10.28
or 1806.10.55:

Valued less than 5¢/kg.............................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg...........

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg........

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg........

1/

Valued 35¢/kg or more but less than 45¢/kg........

1/

25.7¢/kg

16.8¢/kg

10.1¢/kg

5.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

Valued 45¢/kg or more.............................................

1/

No additional duty

Mixes and doughs provided for in subheadings
1901.20.25 or 1901.20.60:

Valued less than 10¢/kg..........................................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg........

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg........

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg........

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg........

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 60¢/kg........

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg........

1/

36.6¢/kg

27.6¢/kg

20.2¢/kg

14.2¢/kg

9.2¢/kg

5.7¢/kg

2.7¢/kg

Valued 70¢/kg or more.............................................

1/

No additional duty

9904.17.08

9904.17.09

9904.17.10

9904.17.11

9904.17.12

9904.17.13

9904.17.14

9904.17.15

9904.17.16

9904.17.17

9904.17.18

9904.17.19

9904.17.20

9904.17.21

9904.17.22

9904.17.23

9904.17.24

9904.17.25

9904.17.26

9904.17.27

9904.17.28

9904.17.29

9904.17.30

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 18

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Articles containing over 65 percent by dry weight of sugars
described in additional U.S. note 2 to chapter 17, provided for
in subheadings 1701.91.48, 1702.90.68, 1704.90.68,
1806.10.28, 1806.10.55, 1806.20.73, 1806.90.49, 1901.20.25,
1901.20.60, 1901.90.54, 2101.12.48, 2101.20.48, 2106.90.76
or 2106.90.94: (con.)

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value: (con.)

Other, provided for in subheadings 1701.91.48,
1702.90.68, 1704.90.68, 1806.20.73, 1806.90.49,
1901.90.54, 2101.12.48, 2101.20.48, 2106.90.76 or
2106.90.94:

Valued less than 5¢/kg.............................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 10¢/kg...........

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg........

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg........

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg........

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg........

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg........

1/

20.7¢/kg

16.2¢/kg

12.2¢/kg

8.9¢/kg

6.4¢/kg

4.1¢/kg

2.6¢/kg

Valued 35¢/kg or more.............................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:

Provided for in subheadings 1701.91.48 or
1702.90.68.......................................................................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1704.90.68........................

1/

Provided for in subheadings 1806.10.28 or
1806.10.55.......................................................................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.20.73........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.90.49........................

1/

Provided for in subheadings 1901.20.25 or
1901.20.60.......................................................................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1901.90.54........................

1/

Provided for in subheadings 2101.12.48 or
2101.20.48.......................................................................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.76........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.94........................

1/

11.3¢/kg +1.7%

13.3¢/kg + 3.5%

11.2¢/kg

10.2¢/kg + 2.8%

12.4¢/kg + 2%

14.1¢/kg + 2.8%

7.9¢/kg + 2.8%

10.2¢/kg + 2.8%

23.5¢/kg + 2.8%

9.6¢/kg + 2.8%

9904.17.31

9904.17.32

9904.17.33

9904.17.34

9904.17.35

9904.17.36

9904.17.37

9904.17.38

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9904.17.39

1/

9904.17.40

9904.17.41

9904.17.42

9904.17.43

9904.17.44

9904.17.45

9904.17.46

9904.17.47

9904.17.48

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 19

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Articles containing over 10 percent by dry weight of sugars
described in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 17, provided for
in subheadings 1701.91.58, 1704.90.78, 1806.20.77,
1806.20.98, 1806.90.59, 1901.10.76, 1901.90.71, 2101.12.58,
2101.20.58, 2106.90.80, 2106.90.97 or 3006.93.20:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 5¢/kg...................................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 10¢/kg.................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg...............

1/

20.7¢/kg

16.2¢/kg

12.2¢/kg

8.9¢/kg

6.4¢/kg

4.1¢/kg

2.6¢/kg

Valued 35¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:
Provided for in subheading 1701.91.58........................

Provided for in subheading 1704.90.78 or
3006.93.20.......................................................................

Provided for in subheadings 1806.20.77, 2101.12.58
or 2101.20.58...................................................................

1/

1/

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.20.98........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.90.59........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1901.10.76 [or]
1901.90.712/.....................................................................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.80........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.97........................

1/

11.3¢/kg +1.7%

13.3¢/kg + 3.5%

10.2¢/kg + 2.8%

12.4¢/kg + 2.8%

12.4¢/kg + 2%

7.9¢/kg + 2.8%

23.5¢/kg + 2.8%

9.6¢/kg + 2.8%

9904.17.49

9904.17.50

9904.17.51

9904.17.52

9904.17.53

9904.17.54

9904.17.55

9904.17.56

9904.17.57

9904.17.58

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9904.17.59

1/

9904.17.60

9904.17.62

9904.17.63

9904.17.64

9904.17.65

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.
2/ Compiler's note: Bracketed word inserted for clarity.

XXII
99 - IV - 20

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.17.66

9904.17.67

9904.17.68

9904.17.69

9904.17.70

9904.17.71

9904.17.72

9904.17.73

9904.17.74

9904.17.75

9904.17.76

9904.17.77

9904.17.78

9904.17.80

9904.17.81

9904.17.82

9904.17.83

9904.17.84

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Blended syrups containing sugars derived from sugar cane or
sugar beets, capable of being further processed or mixed with
similar or other ingredients, and not prepared for marketing to
the ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in
which imported, provided for in subheadings 1702.20.28,
1702.30.28, 1702.40.28, 1702.60.28, 1702.90.58, 1806.20.94,
1806.90.39, 2101.12.38, 2101.20.38, 2106.90.72 or
2106.90.91:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 5¢/kg...................................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 10¢/kg.................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg...............

1/

18.1¢/kg

13.6¢/kg

9.9¢/kg

7¢/kg

4.5¢/kg

2.7¢/kg

Valued 30¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:
Provided for in subheading 1702.20.28........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1702.30.28........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1702.40.28........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1702.60.28........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1702.90.58........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.20.94........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.90.39........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2101.12.38........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2101.20.38........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.72........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 2106.90.91........................

1/

5.6¢/kg of total sugars + 1.7%

5.6¢/kg of total sugars + 1.7%

11.3¢/kg of total sugars + 1.7%

11.3¢/kg of total sugars + 1.7%

11.3¢/kg of total sugars + 1.7%

12.4¢/kg + 2.8%

12.4¢/kg + 2%

10.2¢/kg + 2.8%

10.2¢/kg + 2.8%

23.5¢/kg + 2.8%

9.6¢/kg + 2.8%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 21

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Cocoa powder containing over 10 percent by dry weight of
sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets, whether or
not mixed with other ingredients (except (a) articles not
principally of crystalline structure or not in dry amorphous form
that are prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in
the identical form and package in which imported, (b) blended
syrups containing sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar
beets, capable of being further processed or mixed with similar
or other ingredients, and not prepared for marketing to the
ultimate consumer in the identical form and package in which
imported, or (c) articles containing over 65 percent by dry
weight of sugars derived from sugar cane or sugar beets,
whether or not mixed with other ingredients, capable of being
further processed or mixed with similar or other ingredients,
and not prepared for marketing to the ultimate consumer in the
identical form and package in which imported), provided for
in subheadings 1806.10.15, 1806.10.38 or 1806.10.75:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 5¢/kg...................................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg.................

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 35¢/kg or more but less than 45¢/kg...............

1/

25.7¢/kg

16.8¢/kg

10.1¢/kg

5.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

Valued 45¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:
Provided for in subheading 1806.10.15........................

Provided for in subheadings 1806.10.38 or
1806.10.75.......................................................................

1/

1/

7.2¢/kg

11.2¢/kg

9904.18.01

9904.18.02

9904.18.03

9904.18.04

9904.18.05

9904.18.06

9904.18.07

9904.18.08

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 22

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.18.09

9904.18.10

9904.18.11

9904.18.12

9904.18.13

9904.18.14

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9904.18.15

1/

9904.18.16

1/

9904.18.17

9904.18.18

9904.18.19

9904.18.20

9904.18.21

9904.18.22

9904.18.23

9904.18.24

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9904.18.25

1/

9904.18.26

1/

9904.18.27

9904.18.28

9904.18.29

9904.18.30

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Chocolate containing over 5.5 percent by weight of butterfat
(excluding articles for consumption at retail as candy or
confection), provided for in subheadings 1806.20.26,
1806.20.28, 1806.32.06, 1806.32.08, 1806.90.18 or
1806.90.20:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 20¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 60¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 80¢/kg or more but less than $1/kg.................

1/

46.3¢/kg

30.1¢/kg

18.2¢/kg

9.4¢/kg

3.4¢/kg

Valued $1/kg or more......................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:

Provided for in subheadings 1806.20.26 or
1806.32.06.......................................................................

Provided for in subheadings 1806.20.28 or
1806.32.08.......................................................................

1/

1/

Provided for in subheadings 1806.90.18......................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.90.20........................

1/

Chocolate and low fat chocolate crumb containing 5.5 percent
or less by weight of butterfat (excluding articles for consumption
at retail as candy or confection), provided for in subheadings
1806.20.36, 1806.20.38, 1806.20.87, 1806.20.89, 1806.32.16,
1806.32.18, 1806.90.28 or 1806.90.30:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 20¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 60¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 80¢/kg or more but less than $1/kg.................

1/

12.4¢/kg + 1.4%

17.6¢/kg + 1.4%

12.4¢/kg + 2%

17.6¢/kg + 2%

48.8¢/kg

32.4¢/kg

20.1¢/kg

10.7¢/kg

4.7¢/kg

Valued $1/kg or more......................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of Agriculture:

Provided for in subheadings 1806.20.36 or
1806.32.16.......................................................................

Provided for in subheadings 1806.20.38 or
1806.32.18.......................................................................

1/

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.20.87........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.20.89........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.90.28........................

1/

Provided for in subheading 1806.90.30........................

1/

12.4¢/kg + 1.4%

17.6¢/kg + 1.4%

12.4¢/kg + 2.8%

17.6¢/kg + 2.8%

12.4¢/kg + 2%

17.6¢/kg + 2%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 23

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

9904.19.01

9904.19.02

9904.19.03

9904.19.04

9904.19.05

9904.19.06

9904.19.07

9904.19.08

9904.19.09

9904.19.10

9904.19.11

9904.19.12

9904.19.13

9904.19.14

9904.19.15

9904.19.16

9904.19.17

9904.19.18

9904.19.19

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Infant formula containing oligosaccharides, provided for in
subheadings 1901.10.16 or 1901.10.36:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 65¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 65¢/kg or more but less than 85¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 85¢/kg or more but less than $1.05¢/kg..........

1/

Valued $1.05/kg or more but less than $1.25/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.25/kg or more but less than $1.55/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.55/kg or more but less than $1.85/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.85/kg or more but less than $2.05/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.05/kg or more but less than $2.25/kg.........

1/

78.4¢/kg

64.2¢/kg

50.2¢/kg

40.2¢/kg

25.2¢/kg

15.6¢/kg

9.6¢/kg

3.6¢/kg

Valued $2.25/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

Mixes and doughs described in additional U.S. note 1 to
chapter 19, provided for in subheadings 1901.20.35 or
1901.20.70:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 10¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 60¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg...............

1/

34.5¢/kg + 5%

36.6¢/kg

27.6¢/kg

20.2¢/kg

14.2¢/kg

9.2¢/kg

5.7¢/kg

2.7¢/kg

Valued 70¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

14.1¢/kg + 2.8%

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.20.01

9904.20.02

9904.20.03

9904.20.04

9904.20.05

9904.20.06

9904.20.07

9904.20.08

9904.20.09

9904.20.10

9904.21.01

9904.21.02

9904.21.03

9904.21.04

9904.21.05

9904.21.06

9904.21.07

9904.21.08

9904.21.09

9904.21.10

9904.21.11

9904.21.12

9904.21.13

9904.21.14

9904.21.15

9904.21.16

9904.21.17

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Peanut butter and paste, provided for in subheading
2008.11.15:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 5¢/kg...................................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg.................

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 35¢/kg or more but less than 45¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 45¢/kg or more but less than 55¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 55¢/kg or more but less than 65¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 65¢/kg or more but less than 75¢/kg...............

1/

43.4¢/kg

34.4¢/kg

25.8¢/kg

18.8¢/kg

13.4¢/kg

8.4¢/kg

5.4¢/kg

2.4¢/kg

Valued 75¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

43.9%

Mixed condiments and mixed seasonings described in
additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 21, provided for in subheading
2103.90.78:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 5¢/kg...................................................

1/

Valued 5¢/kg or more but less than 10¢/kg.................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 15¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 15¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 25¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg...............

1/

20.7¢/kg

16.2¢/kg

12.2¢/kg

8.9¢/kg

6.4¢/kg

4.1¢/kg

2.6¢/kg

Valued 35¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

Ice cream provided for in subheading 2105.00.20:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 20¢/liter...............................................

1/

Valued 20¢/liter or more but less than 30¢/liter...........

1/

Valued 30¢/liter or more but less than 40¢/liter...........

1/

Valued 40¢/liter or more but less than 50¢/liter...........

1/

Valued 50¢/liter or more but less than 60¢/liter...........

1/

Valued 60¢/liter or more but less than 70¢/liter...........

1/

Valued 70¢/liter or more but less than 80¢/liter...........

1/

10.2¢/kg + 2.1%

32.3¢/liter

24.5¢/liter

17.8¢/liter

12.8¢/liter

8.2¢/liter

5.2¢/liter

2.2¢/liter

Valued 80¢/liter or more.................................................

1/

No additional duty

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 25

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.21.18

1/

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Ice cream provided for in subheading 2105.00.20: (con.)

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

16.7¢/ liter + 5.7%

XXII
99 - IV - 26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.23.01

9904.23.02

9904.23.03

9904.23.04

9904.23.05

9904.23.06

9904.23.07

9904.23.08

9904.23.09

9904.52.01

9904.52.02

9904.52.03

9904.52.04

9904.52.05

9904.52.06

9904.52.07

9904.52.08

9904.52.09

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Animal feed containing milk or milk derivatives, provided for
in subheadings 2309.90.28 or 2309.90.48:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 25¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 25¢/kg or more but less than 35¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 35¢/kg or more but less than 45¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 45¢/kg or more but less than 55¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 55¢/kg or more but less than 65¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 65¢/kg or more but less than 75¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 75¢/kg or more but less than 85¢/kg...............

1/

27.8¢/kg

20.8¢/kg

15.1¢/kg

10.1¢/kg

7.8¢/kg

5.1¢/kg

2.3¢/kg

Valued 85¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

Cotton, not carded or combed, the product of any country or
area including the United States, having a staple length under
28.575 mm (1-1/8 inches) (except harsh or rough cotton,
having a staple length under 19.05 mm (3/4 inch)), provided
for in subheading 5201.00.18:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 35¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 35¢/kg or more but less than 55¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 55¢/kg or more but less than 75¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 75¢/kg or more but less than 95¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 95¢/kg or more but less than $1.15/kg............

1/

Valued $1.15/kg or more but less than $1.25/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.25/kg or more but less than $1.35/kg.........

1/

26.8¢/kg + 2.1%

51.5¢/kg

36.6¢/kg

24.8¢/kg

14.8¢/kg

8.6¢/kg

5.6¢/kg

2.6¢/kg

Valued $1.35/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

10.5¢/kg

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 27

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Harsh or rough cotton, not carded or combed, the product of
any country or area including the United States, having a staple
length of 29.36875 mm (1-5/32 inches) or more but under
34.925 mm (1-3/8 inches) and white in color (except cotton of
perished staple, grabbots and cotton pickings), provided for
in subheading 5201.00.28:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 10¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 70¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 70¢/kg or more but less than 90¢/kg...............

1/

49.1¢/kg

31.5¢/kg

18.6¢/kg

9.2¢/kg

3.2¢/kg

Valued 90¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

10.5¢/kg

Cotton, not carded or combed, the product of any country or
area including the United States, having a staple length of
28.575 mm (1-1/8 inches) or more but under 34.925 mm (1-3/8
inches) (except harsh or rough cotton, not carded or combed,
having a staple length of 29.36875 mm (1-5/32 inches) or more
and white in color) but including cotton of perished staple,
grabbots and cotton pickings, provided for in subheading
5201.00.38:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 20¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 60¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 60¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 80¢/kg or more but less than $1/kg.................

1/

44.2¢/kg

28.3¢/kg

16.7¢/kg

8.3¢/kg

2.3¢/kg

Valued $1/kg or more......................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

10.5¢/kg

9904.52.10

9904.52.11

9904.52.12

9904.52.13

9904.52.14

9904.52.15

9904.52.16

9904.52.17

9904.52.18

9904.52.19

9904.52.20

9904.52.21

9904.52.22

9904.52.23

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

XXII
99 - IV - 28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9904.52.24

9904.52.25

9904.52.26

9904.52.27

9904.52.28

9904.52.29

9904.52.30

9904.52.31

9904.52.32

9904.52.33

9904.52.34

9904.52.35

9904.52.36

9904.52.37

9904.52.38

9904.52.39

9904.52.40

9904.52.41

9904.52.42

9904.52.43

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

Cotton, not carded or combed, the product of any country or
area including the United States, having a staple length of
34.925 mm (1-3/8 inches) or more, provided for in subheading
5201.00.80:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 50¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 50¢/kg or more but less than 80¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 80¢/kg or more but less than $1.10/kg............

1/

Valued $1.10/kg or more but less than $1.40/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.40/kg or more but less than $1.70/kg.........

1/

Valued $1.70/kg or more but less than $2/kg..............

1/

Valued $2/kg or more but less than $2.20/kg..............

1/

Valued $2.20/kg or more but less than $2.30/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.30/kg or more but less than $2.40/kg.........

1/

98.1¢/kg

73.3¢/kg

52.3¢/kg

37.3¢/kg

23.3¢/kg

14.3¢/kg

8.3¢/kg

5.3¢/kg

2.3¢/kg

Valued $2.40/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

10.5¢/kg

Card strips made from cotton having a staple length under
30.1625 mm (1-3/16 inches), and lap waste, sliver waste and
roving waste of cotton, all the foregoing the product of any
country or area including the United States, provided for in
subheading 5202.99.30:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than $1.20/kg..............................................

1/

Valued $1.20/kg or more but less than $2.20/kg.........

1/

Valued $2.20/kg or more but less than $3.20/kg.........

1/

Valued $3.20/kg or more but less than $4.20/kg.........

1/

Valued $4.20/kg or more but less than $5.20/kg.........

1/

Valued $5.20/kg or more but less than $6.20/kg.........

1/

Valued $6.20/kg or more but less than $7.20/kg.........

1/

$3.159/kg

$2.291/kg

$1.591/kg

$1.079/kg

64.1¢/kg

34.1¢/kg

4.1¢/kg

Valued $7.20/kg or more................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

2.6¢/kg

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - IV - 29

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Additional Duties

9904.52.44

9904.52.45

9904.52.46

9904.52.47

9904.52.48

9904.52.49

9904.52.50

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Fibers of cotton processed but not spun provided for in
subheading 5203.00.30:

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon value:

Valued less than 10¢/kg.................................................

1/

Valued 10¢/kg or more but less than 20¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 20¢/kg or more but less than 30¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 30¢/kg or more but less than 40¢/kg...............

1/

Valued 40¢/kg or more but less than 50¢/kg...............

1/

24.1¢/kg

15.9¢/kg

9.8¢/kg

5.2¢/kg

2.2¢/kg

Valued 50¢/kg or more...................................................

1/

No additional duty

If entered during the effective period of safeguards based
upon quantity announced by the Secretary of
Agriculture...............................................................................

1/

10.5¢/kg

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

[SUBCHAPTER V deleted]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

[SUBCHAPTER VI deleted]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

[SUBCHAPTER VII deleted]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER VIII

TEMPORARY MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
THE AGREEMENT WITH ISRAEL CONCERNING CERTAIN ASPECTS
OF TRADE IN AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS

XXII
99-VIII-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

This subchapter contains temporary modifications of the provisions of the tariff schedule established pursuant to the United
States' agreement with Israel concerning certain aspects of trade in agricultural products, dated November 4, 1996. Products
of Israel eligible for benefits of the agreement when imported into the customs territory, and described in the provisions of this
subchapter for which quantitative limits are prescribed along with rates of duty followed by the symbol "(IL)" are herein provided,
are subject to duty under the provisions and at the rates set forth in this subchapter in lieu of the rates provided therefor in
chapters 1 through 97 in rates of duty column 1 when entered in quantities that are within the limits provided in this subchapter.
Notwithstanding quota provisions elsewhere in the tariff schedule, eligible products of Israel shall be permitted to enter the
United States to the extent and at the duty rates herein provided. No goods entered under the quantitative limits set forth in
this subchapter shall be counted toward any quota or tariff-rate quota provided for such goods elsewhere in the tariff schedule.
No other preferential tariff treatment provided for elsewhere in the tariff schedule shall be afforded to goods described in the
provisions of this subchapter. Effective with respect to goods entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or
after January 1, 2004, no eligible products of Israel entered under the provisions of this chapter shall be subject to additional
duties under subchapter IV of this chapter. Unless otherwise provided, the provisions and notes in this subchapter are effective
as to such products of Israel that are entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after December 4, 1996,
and through the close of December 31, 2026, after which date this subchapter shall cease to apply to any goods entered after
that date.

Wherever goods are described by a provision of this subchapter and accorded a temporary modification of the otherwise
applicable duty or quota treatment from chapters 1 through 97 of this schedule, the reporting number, in the absence of specific
instructions providing otherwise, shall be the appropriate statistical reporting number for the basic provision (the appropriate
provision for classification purposes in chapters 1 through 97) preceded by the appropriate subheading number from this
subchapter. For statistical purposes, both the basic provision statistical reporting number and the applicable subheading
number from this subchapter shall be collected by the United States Bureau of Census.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - VIII - 2
U.S. Notes (con.)

3.

The aggregate quantity of butter, and fresh or sour cream containing over 45 percent by weight of butterfat, that are eligible
products of Israel entered under subheading 9908.04.01 during any period specified in this note shall not exceed the quantity
specified below.

Applicable time period

Quantity (kg)

Dec. 4-Dec. 31, 1996
Calendar year 1997
Calendar year 1998
Calendar year 1999
Calendar year 2000
Calendar year 2001
Calendar year 2002
Calendar year 2003
Calendar year 2004
Calendar year 2005
Calendar year 2006
Calendar year 2007
Calendar year 2008
Calendar year 2009
Calendar year 2010
Calendar year 2011
Calendar year 2012
Calendar year 2013
Calendar year 2014
Calendar year 2015
Calendar year 2016
Calendar year 2017
Calendar year 2018
Calendar year 2019
Calendar year 2020
Calendar year 2021
Calendar year 2022
Calendar year 2023
Calendar year 2024
Calendar year 2025
Calendar year 2026

300,000
315,000
331,000
347,000
365,000
383,000
383,000
383,000
383,000
402,150
422,258
443,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000
466,000

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - VIII - 3

U.S. Notes (con.)

4.

The aggregate quantity of dried milk, whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, that are eligible
products of Israel entered under subheading 9908.04.03 during any period specified in this note shall not exceed the quantity
specified below.

Applicable time period

Quantity (kg)

Dec. 4-Dec. 31, 1996
Calendar year 1997
Calendar year 1998
Calendar year 1999
Calendar year 2000
Calendar year 2001
Calendar year 2002
Calendar year 2003
Calendar year 2004
Calendar year 2005
Calendar year 2006
Calendar year 2007
Calendar year 2008
Calendar year 2009
Calendar year 2010
Calendar year 2011
Calendar year 2012
Calendar year 2013
Calendar year 2014
Calendar year 2015
Calendar year 2016
Calendar year 2017
Calendar year 2018
Calendar year 2019
Calendar year 2020
Calendar year 2021
Calendar year 2022
Calendar year 2023
Calendar year 2024
Calendar year 2025
Calendar year 2026

1,000,000
1,030,000
1,061,000
1,093,000
1,126,000
1,160,000
1,160,000
1,160,000
1,160,000
1,194,800
1,230,644
1,266,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000
1,304,000

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - VIII - 4
U.S. Notes (con.)

5.

The aggregate quantity of cheese and substitutes for cheese that are eligible products of Israel entered under subheading
9908.04.05 during any period specified in this note shall not exceed the quantity specified below.

Applicable time period

Quantity (kg)

Dec. 4-Dec. 31, 1996
Calendar year 1997
Calendar year 1998
Calendar year 1999
Calendar year 2000
Calendar year 2001
Calendar year 2002
Calendar year 2003
Calendar year 2004
Calendar year 2005
Calendar year 2006
Calendar year 2007
Calendar year 2008
Calendar year 2009
Calendar year 2010
Calendar year 2011
Calendar year 2012
Calendar year 2013
Calendar year 2014
Calendar year 2015
Calendar year 2016
Calendar year 2017
Calendar year 2018
Calendar year 2019
Calendar year 2020
Calendar year 2021
Calendar year 2022
Calendar year 2023
Calendar year 2024
Calendar year 2025
Calendar year 2026

1,000,000
1,053,000
1,107,000
1,162,000
1,220,000
1,279,000
1,279,000
1,279,000
1,279,000
1,317,370
1,356,891
1,467,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000
1,534,000

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - VIII - 5

U.S. Notes (con.)

6.

The aggregate quantity of peanuts that are eligible products of Israel entered under subheading 9908.12.01 during any period
specified in this note shall not exceed the quantity specified below.

Applicable time period

Quantity (kg)

Dec. 4-Dec. 31, 1996
Calendar year 1997
Calendar year 1998
Calendar year 1999
Calendar year 2000
Calendar year 2001
Calendar year 2002
Calendar year 2003
Calendar year 2004
Calendar year 2005
Calendar year 2006
Calendar year 2007
Calendar year 2008
Calendar year 2009
Calendar year 2010
Calendar year 2011
Calendar year 2012
Calendar year 2013
Calendar year 2014
Calendar year 2015
Calendar year 2016
Calendar year 2017
Calendar year 2018
Calendar year 2019
Calendar year 2020
Calendar year 2021
Calendar year 2022
Calendar year 2023
Calendar year 2024
Calendar year 2025
Calendar year 2026

100,000
103,000
106,000
109,000
113,000
116,000
116,000
116,000
116,000
119,480
123,064
127,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000
131,000

For the purposes of this note, imports of peanuts in the shell shall be charged against the quantities in this note on the basis of
75 kilograms for each 100 kilograms of peanuts in the shell.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - VIII - 6
U.S. Notes (con.)

7.

The aggregate quantity of ice cream that are eligible products of Israel entered under subheading 9908.21.01 during any period
specified in this note shall not exceed the quantity specified below.

Applicable time period

Quantity (kg)

Dec. 4-Dec. 31, 1996
Calendar year 1997
Calendar year 1998
Calendar year 1999
Calendar year 2000
Calendar year 2001
Calendar year 2002
Calendar year 2003
Calendar year 2004
Calendar year 2005
Calendar year 2006
Calendar year 2007
Calendar year 2008
Calendar year 2009
Calendar year 2010
Calendar year 2011
Calendar year 2012
Calendar year 2013
Calendar year 2014
Calendar year 2015
Calendar year 2016
Calendar year 2017
Calendar year 2018
Calendar year 2019
Calendar year 2020
Calendar year 2021
Calendar year 2022
Calendar year 2023
Calendar year 2024
Calendar year 2025
Calendar year 2026

251,670
276,837
304,521
334,973
368,470
405,317
405,317
405,317
405,317
417,477
430,001
643,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000
707,000

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - VIII - 7

2

Eligible products of Israel under the terms of note 1 to this
subchapter:

Provided for in subheading 0401.50.75, 0403.90.78 or
0405.10.20 and subject to the quantitative limits specified
in U.S. note 3 to this subchapter..........................................

Provided for in subheading 0402.10.50 or 0402.21.25 and
subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 4 to
this subchapter.......................................................................

Provided for in subheading 0406.10.08, 0406.10.18,
0406.10.28, 0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58,
0406.10.68, 0406.10.78, 0406.10.88, 0406.20.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.39, 0406.20.48, 0406.20.53,
0406.20.63, 0406.20.67, 0406.20.71, 0406.20.75,
0406.20.79, 0406.20.83, 0406.20.87, 0406.20.91,
0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.48,
0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67, 0406.30.71,
0406.30.75, 0406.30.79, 0406.30.83, 0406.30.87,
0406.30.91, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12, 0406.90.18,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42, 0406.90.48,
0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90.74, 0406.90.78,
0406.90.84, 0406.90.88, 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94,
0406.90.97 or 1901.90.36 and subject to the quantitative
limits specified in U.S. note 5 to this subchapter................

Provided for in subheading 1202.30.80, 1202.41.80,
1202.42.20, 1202.42.90 or 2008.11.61 and subject to the
quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 6 to this
subchapter..............................................................................

Provided for in subheading 2105.00.20 and subject to the
quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 7 to this
subchapter..............................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free (IL)

Free (IL)

Free (IL)

Free (IL)

Free (IL)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9908.04.01

1/

9908.04.03

1/

9908.04.05

1/

9908.12.01

1/

9908.21.01

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

[SUBCHAPTER IX deleted]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

[SUBCHAPTER X deleted]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

[SUBCHAPTER XI deleted]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XII

MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
THE UNITED STATES-MOROCCO FREE TRADE AGREEMENT

[Compiler’s note: Prior to January 1, 2026, subchapter XII set forth temporary provisions established pursuant to the
U.S.-Morocco Free Trade Agreement (see general note 27 to the HTS). These provisions have expired and have been deleted
as previously proclaimed.]

XXII
99-XII-l

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XIII

MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
THE UNITED STATES-AUSTRALIA FREE TRADE AGREEMENT

[Compiler’s note: Prior to January 1, 2026, subchapter XIII set forth temporary provisions established pursuant to the
U.S.-Australia Free Trade Agreement (see general note 28 to the HTS). These provisions have expired and have been deleted
as previously proclaimed.]

XXII
99-XIII-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

[SUBCHAPTER XIV deleted]

Compiler’s note:  Prior to January 1, 2016, subchapter XIV set forth temporary provisions established pursuant to the U.S. Bahr ain
Free Trade Agreement (see general note 30 to the tariff schedule). Under the terms of U.S. note 1 to that subchapter, the entire
subchapter was deleted at the close of December 31, 2015. However, Presidential Proclamation 9223 of December 23, 2014 (79
F.R. 78681) provided that the effective period of U.S. note 13 to that subchapter and the related heading, 9914.99.20, was extended
through the close of July 31, 2016. Accordingly, those provisions were restated in archive versions of this subchapter (see online
HTS archive) with pertinent rate line in accordance with that proclamation; format is not identical to 2015 HTS.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XV

MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC-CENTRAL AMERICA-UNITED STATES FREE TRADE AGREEMENT

XXII
99-XV-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

3.

This subchapter contains temporary tariff provisions established pursuant to the Dominican Republic-Central America-United
States Free Trade Agreement. Goods of a party to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule, and
described in subheadings 9915.02.05 through 9915.21.20 of this subchapter for which a rate of duty followed by the symbol
"P+" in parentheses is herein provided, are subject to duty at the rate set forth in this subchapter in lieu of the rate provided
therefor in chapters 1 through 97. Unless expressly modified, the quantities set forth in U.S. notes 4 through 14 to this subchapter
are specifically allocated to such country and year in the note and shall not be reallocated to any other country or year. Goods
of a party to the Agreement that are entered into the United States under the provisions of subheadings 9915.02.05 through
9915.21.20 are not subject to any of the provisions, duties or limitations of subchapter IV of chapter 99 of the tariff schedule.
Goods of a party to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule, and described in subheading
9915.50.01 (or in any subsequent subheadings of this subchapter which may hereafter be established), are subject to duty at
the special rate of duty set fourth therein in lieu of the special rate of duty provided for in chapters 1 through 97 or subchapter
II of chapter 98 of the tariff schedule, unless such goods are entered at the appropriate general duty rate provided for in
chapters 1 through 97 of the tariff schedule. At the close of December 31, 2025, this subchapter shall be deleted from the tariff
schedule and shall cease to apply to any goods entered after that date. [Compiler's note:The provisions of this subchapter
have expired but will be retained in the HTS through the close of December 31, 2026, to facilitate Customs processing
of entries.]

For purposes of this subchapter, the term "goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter" means goods entered under
subheadings 9915.02.05 through 9915.21.20, inclusive. Such goods must satisfy the requirements of general note 29(a) to
the tariff schedule, except that operations performed in, or material obtained from, the United States shall be considered as if
the operations were performed in, and the material was obtained from, a country that is not a party to the Agreement as defined
in general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule. For purposes of determining which country-specific tariff-rate quota applies to such
a good, the nonpreferential rules of origin used in the normal course of trade shall be applied.

Whenever goods are classifiable in a provision of chapters 1 through 97 of the tariff schedule (referred to herein as "basic
provision") for which the applicable duty rate is set forth in a subheading in this subchapter, the reporting number for such
goods, in the absence of specific instructions to the contrary, shall be the appropriate statistical reporting number for the basic
provision (the appropriate provision for classification purposes in chapters 1 through 97) preceded by the subheading number
from this subchapter. For statistical purposes, both the basic provision statistical reporting number and the applicable subheading
number from this subchapter shall be collected by the United States Bureau of Census.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 2
U.S. Notes (con.)

4.

Subject to the second sentence of this note, the aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of
Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Honduras or Nicaragua entered under subheading 9915.02.05 in any calendar
year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006

3/1/2007-
12/31/2006

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua

1/
105
1/
1/

1/
1/
525
10,500

2012

2013

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua

13,548
2,040
135
675
13,500

14,050
2,160
140
700
14,000

1/ Not specified for given time period.

1,440
1/
1/
1/

2014

14,552
2,280
145
725
14,500

2007
(metric tons)

2008

2009

2010

2011

1/
110
550
11,000

1,560
115
575
11,500

12,042
1,680
120
600
12,000

12,544
1,800
125
625
12,500

13,046
1,920
130
650
13,000

2015
(metric tons)

2016

2017

2018

2019

15,054
2,400
150
750
15,000

15,556
2,520
155
775
15,500

16,058
2,640
160
800
16,000

16,560
2,760
165
825
16,500

17,062
2,880
170
850
17,000

In any year, the quantities set forth in this note shall be available only after the quantity allocated to "Other countries or areas"
under additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 to the tariff schedule has been filled for that year.

Beginning in calendar year 2020, the quantitative limitations set forth in this note shall cease to apply to such goods of Costa
Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Honduras or Nicaragua.

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9915.02.05 through 9915.02.10 and the immediate superior text
thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2020.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 3

U.S. Notes (con.)

5.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala,
Honduras or Nicaragua entered under subheading 9915.04.01 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified
below for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

366,715
1/
1/
1/

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
(liters)

1/
1/
560,259
254,663

6/15/2006-
12/31/2006

1/
305,596
1/
1/

El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

2007

2008

385,051
320,876
588,272
267,396

404,303
336,919
617,685
280,766

2013

2014

573,339
516,005
430,004
788,341
358,337

2019

768,329
691,496
576,246
1,056,452
480,205

602,006
541,805
451,504
827,758
376,253

2020
(liters)

806,745
726,070
605,059
1,109,274
504,216

2009
(liters)

471,687
424,518
353,765
648,570
294,804

2015
(liters)

632,106
568,895
474,079
869,145
395,066

2010

2011

2012

495,271
445,744
371,454
680,998
309,545

520,035
468,032
390,026
715,048
325,022

546,037
491,433
409,528
750,801
341,273

2016

2017

2018

663,711
597,340
497,783
912,603
414,819

696,897
627,207
522,672
958,233
435,560

731,741
658,567
548,806
1,006,145
457,338

2021

2022

2023

2024

847,082
762,374
635,312
1,164,738
529,426

889,436
800,493
667,077
1,222,975
555,898

933,908
840,517
700,431
1,284,124
583,693

980,604
882,543
735,453
1,348,330
612,877

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras or Nicaragua.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 4
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras or
Nicaragua entered under subheading 9915.04.02 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below
for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

110,014
1/
1/
1/

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
(liters)

1/
1/
168,078
76,399

6/15/2006-
12/31/2006

1/
91,679
1/
1/

El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

2007

2008

115,515
96,263
176,482
80,219

121,291
101,076
185,306
84,230

2013

2014

172,002
154,802
129,001
236,502
107,501

2019

230,499
207,449
172,874
316,936
144,062

180,602
162,542
135,451
248,327
112,876

2020
(liters)

242,024
217,821
181,518
332,782
151,265

2009
(liters)

141,506
127,355
106,130
194,571
88,441

2015
(liters)

189,632
170,688
142,224
260,744
118,520

2010

2011

2012

148,581
33,723
111,436
204,299
92,864

156,010
140,410
117,008
214,514
97,507

163,811
147,430
122,858
225,240
102,382

2016

2017

2018

199,113
179,202
149,335
273,781
124,446

209,069
188,162
156,802
287,470
130,668

219,522
197,570
164,642
301,844
137,201

2021

2022

2023

2024

254,125
228,712
190,594
349,421
158,828

266,831
240,148
200,123
366,892
166,769

280,172
252,155
210,129
385,237
175,108

294,181
264,763
220,636
404,499
183,863

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such
goods of El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras or Nicaragua.

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9915.04.01 through 9915.04.03 and the immediate superior
text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2025.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 5

U.S. Notes (con.)

6.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Costa Rica, El Salvador or Honduras
entered under subheading 9915.04.05 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that country
for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006

2007
(metric tons)

2008

2009

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Honduras

1/
60
1/

1/
1/
100

1/
63
105

1/
66
110

58
69
116

2010

2011

2012
(metric tons)

2013

2014

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Honduras

61
73
122

64
77
128

67
80
134

70
84
141

74
89
148

2015

2016

2017
(metric tons)

2018

2019

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Honduras

78
93
155

81
98
163

86
103
171

90
108
180

94
113
189

2020

2021

2022
(metric tons)

2023

2024

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Honduras

99
119
198

104
125
208

109
131
218

115
138
229

120
144
241

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of Costa Rica, El Salvador or Honduras.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 6
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Costa Rica, El Salvador or Honduras
entered under subheadings 9915.04.06 through 9915.04.11 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified
below for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006

2007
(metric tons)

2008

2009

1/
18
1/

1/
1/
30

1/
19
32

1/
20
33

17
21
35

2010

2011

2012
(metric tons)

2013

2014

18
22
37

19
23
38

20
24
40

21
25
42

22
27
44

2015

2016

2017
(metric tons)

2018

2019

23
28
46

24
29
49

26
31
51

27
32
54

28
34
57

2020

2021

2022
(metric tons)

2023

2024

30
36
59

31
38
62

33
39
65

34
41
69

36
43
72

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Honduras

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Honduras

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Honduras

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Honduras

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of Costa Rica, El Salvador or Honduras. Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9915.04.05 through
9915.04.17, any intervening text and the immediate superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close
of December 31, 2025.

7.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Costa Rica entered under subheading
9915.04.20 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

2009
2010
2011
2012
2013

Quantity
(metric tons)

58
61
64
67
70

Year

2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(metric tons)

74
78
81
86
90

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024

Quantity
(metric tons)

94
99
104
109
115
120

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of Costa Rica.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 7

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Costa Rica entered under subheadings
9915.04.21 through 9915.04.24 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

2009
2010
2011
2012
2013

Quantity
(metric tons)

17
18
19
20
21

Year

2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(metric tons)

22
23
24
26
27

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024

Quantity
(metric tons)

28
30
31
33
34
36

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of Costa Rica.

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9915.04.20 through 9915.04.28, any intervening text and the
immediate superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2025.

8.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El
Salvador, Guatemala or Nicaragua entered under subheading 9915.04.30 in any calendar year shall not exceed the
quantity specified below for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
(metric tons)

6/15/2006-
12/31/2006

3/1/2007-
12/31/2007

Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Nicaragua

1/
120
1/
1/

1/
1/
1/
100

1/
1/
50
1/

120
1/
1/
1/

2007

2008

2009

2010
(metric tons)

2011

2012

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Nicaragua

1/
126
263
105

130
132
276
110

174
140
139
289
116

182
150
146
304
122

191
160
153
319
128

201
170
161
335
134

2013

2014

2015

2016
(metric tons)

2017

2018

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Nicaragua

211
180
169
352
141

222
190
177
369
148

233
200
186
388
155

244
210
195
407
163

257
220
205
428
171

269
230
216
449
180

2019

2020

2021

2022
(metric tons)

2023

2024

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Nicaragua

283
240
226
471
189

297
250
238
495
198

312
260
249
520
208

327
270
262
546
218

344
280
275
573
229

361
290
289
602
241

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala or Nicaragua.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 8
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El
Salvador, Guatemala or Nicaragua entered under subheadings 9915.04.31 through 9915.04.54 in any calendar year shall
not exceed the quantity specified below for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
(metric tons)

6/15/2006-
12/31/2006

3/1/2007-
12/31/2007

Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Nicaragua

1/
36
1/
1/

1/
1/
1/
30

1/
1/
75
1/

36
1/
1/
1/

2007

2008

2009

2010
(metric tons)

2011

2012

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Nicaragua

1/
38
79
32

39
40
83
33

52
42
42
87
35

55
45
44
91
37

57
48
46
96
38

60
51
48
100
40

2013

2014

2015

2016
(metric tons)

2017

2018

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Nicaragua

63
54
51
106
42

67
57
53
111
44

70
60
56
116
46

73
63
58
122
49

77
66
62
128
51

81
69
65
135
54

2019

2020

2021

2022
(metric tons)

2023

2024

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Nicaragua

85
72
68
141
57

89
75
71
148
59

94
78
75
156
62

98
81
79
164
65

103
84
82
172
69

108
87
87
181
72

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala or Nicaragua. Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note,
subheadings 9915.04.30 through 9915.04.78, any intervening text and the immediate superior text thereto shall be deleted
from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2025.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 9

U.S. Notes (con.)

9.

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Dominican Republic entered under subheading
9915.04.79 during the period from March 1, 2007 through December 31, 2007 shall not exceed 240 metric tons. The aggregate
quantity of such goods of Dominican Republic entered under subheading 9915.04.79 in any calendar year enumerated below
shall not exceed the quantity specified for that year.

Year

2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013

Quantity
(metric tons)

260
280
300
320
340
360

Year

2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019

Quantity
(metric tons)

380
400
420
440
460
480

Year

2020
2021
2022
2023
2024

Quantity
(metric tons)

500
520
540
560
580

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this note shall cease to apply to such goods of Dominican
Republic.

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note and subheading 9915.04.79 shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close
of December 31, 2025.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 10
U.S. Notes (con.)

10. (a)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of a party to the Agreement as defined in
general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule entered under subheading 9915.04.80 in any calendar year shall not exceed the
quantity specified below for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
(metric tons)

6/15/2006-
12/31/2006

3/1/2007-
12/31/2007

Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

1/
450
1/
1/
1/

1/
1/
1/
350
625

1/
1/
500
1/
1/

450
1/
1/
1/
1/

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

2007

2008

2009

2010
(metric tons)

2011

2012

1/
473
525
368
656

488
496
551
386
689

347
525
521
579
405
724

365
563
547
608
425
760

383
600
574
638
447
798

402
638
603
670
469
838

2013

2014

2015

2016
(metric tons)

2017

2018

422
675
633
704
492
879

443
713
665
739
517
923

465
750
698
776
543
970

489
788
733
814
570
1,018

2019

2020

2021

2022
(metric tons)

566
900
849
943
660
1,179

594
938
891
990
693
1,237

624
975
936
1,039
728
1,299

655
1,013
982
1,091
764
1,364

513
825
770
855
599
1,069

2023

688
1,050
1,031
1,146
802
1,433

539
863
808
898
629
1,122

2024

722
1,088
1,083
1,203
842
1,504

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of a party to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 11

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of a party to the Agreement as defined in
general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule entered under subheadings 9915.04.81 through 9915.04.89 in any calendar year
shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that country for that year

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
(metric tons)

6/15/2006-
12/31/2006

3/1/2007-
12/31/2007

Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

135
1/
1/
1/

1/
1/
105
188

1/
150
1/
1/

135
1/
1/
1/

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

2007

2008

2009

2010
(metric tons)

2011

2012

1/
142
158
110
197

146
149
165
116
207

104
158
156
174
122
217

110
169
164
182
128
228

115
180
172
191
134
239

121
191
181
201
141
251

2013

2014

2015

2016
(metric tons)

2017

2018

127
202
190
211
148
264

133
214
200
222
155
277

140
225
209
233
163
291

147
236
220
244
171
305

154
248
231
256
180
321

162
259
242
269
189
337

2019

2020

2021

2022
(metric tons)

2023

2024

170
270
255
283
198
354

178
281
267
297
208
371

187
292
281
312
218
390

196
304
295
327
229
409

206
315
309
344
241
430

217
326
325
361
253
451

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of a party to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule. Unless earlier modified or terminated, this
note, subheadings 9915.04.80 through 9915.04.98, any intervening text and the immediate superior text thereto shall be
deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2025.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 12
U.S. Notes (con.)

11.

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Nicaragua entered under subheading 9915.04.99
in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

Quantity
(metric tons)

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012

250
263
276
289
304
319
335

Year

2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019

Quantity
(metric tons)

Year

Quantity
(metric tons)

2020
2021
2022
2023
2024

352
369
388
407
428
449
471

495
520
546
573
602

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this note shall cease to apply to such goods of Nicaragua.

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note and subheading 9915.04.99 shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close
of December 31, 2025.

12. (a)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of El Salvador or Nicaragua entered under
subheading 9915.12.05 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that country for that year.

El Salvador
Nicaragua

El Salvador
Nicaragua

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006

500
1/

2010

600
10,000

1/
10,000

2011

625
11,000

2007
(metric tons)

2008

2009

525
10,000

550
10,000

575
10,000

2012
(metric tons)

2013

2014

650
12,000

675
13,000

700
14,000

2015

2016

2017
(metric tons)

2018

2019

El Salvador
Nicaragua

725
15,000

750
16,000

775
17,000

800
18,000

825
19,000

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2020, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of El Salvador or Nicaragua.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 13

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of El Salvador or Nicaragua entered under
subheadings 9915.12.10 or 9915.12.20 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that country
for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006

2007
(metric tons)

2008

2009

2010

El Salvador
Nicaragua

150
1/

1/
3,000

158
3,000

165
3,000

172
3,000

180
3,000

2011

2012

2013
(metric tons)

2014

2015

El Salvador
Nicaragua

188
3,300

195
3,600

202
3,900

210
4,200

218
4,500

2016

2017

2018
(metric tons)

El Salvador
Nicaragua

225
4,800

232
5,100

240
5,400

2019

248
5,700

1/ Not specified for given time period.

Beginning in calendar year 2020, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of El Salvador or Nicaragua.

For purposes of this note, imports of peanuts in the shell shall be charged against the above quantities on the basis of 75
kilograms for each 100 kilograms of peanuts in the shell. Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings
9915.12.05 through 9915.12.40, any intervening text and the immediate superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff
schedule at the close of December 31, 2020.

13. (a)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Nicaragua entered under subheading
9915.20.05 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

Quantity
(metric tons)

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
2007
2008
2009
2010

280
308
336
364
392

Year

2011
2012
2013
2014
2015

Quantity
(metric tons)

Year

Quantity
(metric tons)

420
448
476
504
532

2016
2017
2018
2019

560
588
616
644

Beginning in calendar year 2020, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of Nicaragua.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 14
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Nicaragua entered under subheading
9915.20.10 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

Quantity
(metric tons)

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
2007
2008
2009
2010

84
92
101
109
118

Year

2011
2012
2013
2014
2015

Quantity
(metric tons)

Year

Quantity
(metric tons)

126
134
143
151
160

2016
2017
2018
2019

168
176
185
193

Beginning in calendar year 2020, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of Nicaragua.

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9915.20.05 through 9915.20.20 and the immediate superior
text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2020.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 15

U.S. Notes (con.)

14. (a)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of a party to the Agreement as defined in
general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule entered under subheading 9915.21.05 in any calendar year shall not exceed the
quantity specified below for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

1/
77,670
1/
1/
1/

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
(liters)

1/
1/
1/
48,544
266,989

6/15/2006-
12/31/2006

3/1/2007-
12/31/2007

1/
1/
194,174
1/
1/

174,757
1/
1/
1/
1/

Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

2007

2008

2009

1/
81,554
203,883
50,971
280,338

189,320
85,631
214,077
53,519
294,355

112,390
203,883
89,913
224,781
56,195
309,073

2013

2014

2015

136,611
262,135
109,289
273,222
68,306
375,680

143,442
276,698
114,754
286,883
71,721
394,464

150,614
291,261
120,492
301,228
75,307
414,188

2019

2020

2021

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

183,072
349,513
146,458
366,144
91,536
503,448

192,226
364,076
153,781
384,451
96,113
528,620

201,837
378,639
161,470
403,674
100,918
555,051

1/ Not specified for given time period.

2010
(liters)

118,010
218,446
94,408
236,020
59,005
324,527

2016
(liters)

158,144
305,824
126,516
316,289
79,072
434,897

2022
(liters)

211,929
393,202
169,544
423,857
105,964
582,804

2011

2012

123,910
233,009
99,129
247,821
61,955
340,753

130,10
247,572
104,085
260,212
65,053
357,791

2017

2018

166,052
320,387
132,842
332,103
83,026
456,642

174,354
334,950
139,484
348,709
87,177
479,474

2023

2024

222,525
407,765
178,021
445,050
111,263
611,944

233,651
422,328
186,922
467,303
116,826
642,541

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of a party to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 16
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of a party to the Agreement specified in
general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule entered under subheading 9915.21.10 in any calendar year shall not exceed the
quantity specified below for that country for that year.

3/1/2006-
12/31/2006

4/1/2006-
12/31/2006
(liters)

6/15/2006-
12/31/2006

3/1/2007-
12/31/2007

Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

1/
23,301
1/
1/
1/

1/
1/
1/
14,563
80,097

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

2007

2008

2009

1/
24,466
61,165
15,291
84,101

56,796
25,689
64,223
16,056
88,306

33,717
61,165
26,974
67,434
16,858
92,722

2013

2014

2015

40,983
78,640
32,787
81,967
20,492
112,704

43,033
83,009
34,426
86,065
21,516
118,339

45,184
87,378
36,148
90,368
22,592
124,256

2019

2020

2021

Costa Rica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua

54,922
104,854
43,937
109,843
27,461
151,034

57,668
109,223
46,134
115,335
28,834
158,586

60,551
113,592
48,441
121,102
30,275
166,515

1/ Not specified for given time period.

1/
1/
58,252
1/
1/

2010
(liters)

35,403
65,534
28,322
70,806
17,702
97,358

2016
(liters)

47,443
91,747
37,955
94,887
23,722
130,469

2022
(liters)

63,579
117,961
50,863
127,157
31,789
174,841

54,427
1/
1/
1/
1/

2011

2012

37,173
69,903
29,739
74,346
18,586
102,226

39,032
74,272
31,226
78,064
19,516
107,337

2017

2018

49,816
96,116
39,853
99,631
24,908
136,993

52,306
100,485
41,845
104,613
26,153
143,842

2023

2024

66,758
122,330
53,406
133,515
33,379
183,583

70,095
126,698
6,077
140,191
35,048
192,762

Beginning in calendar year 2025, the quantitative limitations set forth in this subdivision shall cease to apply to such goods
of a party to the Agreement as defined in general note 29(a) to the tariff schedule.

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9915.21.05 through 9915.21.20 and the immediate superior
text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2025.

15.

Cotton or man-made fiber apparel goods of Nicaragua.

(a)

The rate of duty provided for in subheading 9915.61.01 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 shall apply
to goods of Nicaragua, in an aggregate quantity not to exceed the annual total quantity set forth in subdivision (c) of this
note. Subheading 9915.61.01 applies to the cotton or man-made fiber apparel goods described in this note if the goods
meet the applicable conditions for preferential tariff treatment under general note 29 to the tariff schedule, other than the
condition that they be originating goods and are both cut or knit to shape, and sewn or otherwise assembled, in the territory
of Nicaragua.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 17

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The apparel goods of cotton or of man-made fibers, or subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints, enumerated herein
and provided for in chapters 61 or 62 shall receive the tariff treatment set forth in subheading 9915.61.01. For purposes
of this note, an apparel good must be classifiable in a tariff provision enumerated in the first column below and be described
opposite such provision:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

Subheading

6101.20.00, 6101.30.10,
6101.30.20,6101.90.90

6102.20.00, 6102.30.05,
6102.30.20, 6102.90.90

6103.12.20, 6103.19.15,
6103.19.20, 6103.19.90,
6103.22.00, 6103.23.00,
6103.29.10, 6103.29.20,
6103.32.00, 6103.33.20,
6103.39.10, 6103.39.80,
6103.42.10, 6103.42.20,
6103.43.15, 6103.43.20,
6103.49.10, 6103.49.20,
6103.49.80

6104.12.00, 6104.13.20,
6104.19.15, 6104.19.80,
6104.22.00, 6104.23.00,
6104.29.10, 6104.29.20,
6104.32.00, 6104.33.20,
6104.39.10, 6104.39.20,
6104.42.00, 6104.43.20,
6104.44.20, 6104.49.90,
6104.52.00, 6104.53.20,
6104.59.10, 6104.59.80,
6104.62.10, 6104.62.20,
6104.63.10, 6104.63.20,
6104.69.10, 6104.69.20,
6104.69.80

6105.10.00, 6105.20.20,
6105.90.80

6106.10.00, 6106.20.20,
6106.90.25, 6106.90.30

6107.11.00, 6107.12.00,
6107.21.00, 6107.22.00,
6107.91.00, 6107.92.00

6108.11.00, 6108.19.90,
6108.21.00, 6108.22.90,
6108.31.00, 6108.32.00,
6108.91.00, 6108.92.00

Articles Eligible for Treatment as
Apparel Goods Under this Note

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks,
anoraks(including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted, other than those of heading 6103,
of cotton or manmade fiber, or subject to cotton or man-made
fiber restraints

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar articles,
knitted or crocheted, other than those of heading 6104, of
cotton or manmade fiber, or subject to cotton or man-made
fiber restraints

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), knitted or crocheted, of cotton or man-made
fiber, or subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), knitted or
crocheted, of cotton or man-made fiber, or subject to cotton
or man-made fiber restraints

Men's or boys' shirts, knitted or crocheted, of cotton or
man-made fiber or subject to cotton or man-made fiber
restraints

Women's or girls' blouses and shirts, knitted or crocheted, of
cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton or man-made
fiber restraints

Men's or boys' underpants, briefs, nightshirts, pajamas,
bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles, knitted or
crocheted, of cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton or
man-made fiber restraints

Women's or girls' slips, petticoats, briefs, panties, nightdresses,
pajamas, negligees, bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted, of cotton or man-made fiber or
subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 18
U.S. Notes (con.)

T-shirts, singlets, tank tops and similar articles, knitted or
crocheted, of cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton or
manmade fiber restraints

Sweaters, pullovers, sweatshirts, waistcoats (vests) and similar
articles, knitted or crocheted, of cotton or man-made fiber or
subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints

Babies' garments and clothing accessories, knitted or
crocheted, of cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton or
man-made fiber restraints

Track suits, ski-suits, and swimwear, knitted or crocheted, of
cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton or man-made
fiber restraints

Garments, made up of knitted or crocheted fabrics of heading
5903, 5906, or 5907, of cotton or man-made fiber or subject
to cotton or man-made fiber restraints

Other garments, knitted or crocheted, of cotton or man-made
fiber or subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints

Panty hose, tights, stockings, socks and other hosiery,
including stockings for varicose veins, and footwear without
applied soles, knitted or crocheted, of cotton or man-made
fiber or subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints

Gloves, mittens and mitts, knitted or crocheted, of cotton or
manmade fiber or subject to cotton or man-made fiber
restraints

Other made up clothing accessories, knitted or crocheted,
knitted or crocheted parts of garments or of clothing
accessories, of cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton
or man-made fiber restraints

Men's or boys' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6203, of cotton or man-made fiber, or subject to cotton
or man-made fiber restraints

(9)

6109.10.00, 6109.90.10

(10)

(11)

(12)

6110.20.10, 6110.20.20,
6110.30.10, 6110.30.20,
6110.30.30, 6110.90.90

6111.20.10, 6111.20.20,
6111.20.30, 6111.20.40,
6111.20.50, 6111.20.60,
6111.30.10, 6111.30.20,
6111.30.30, 6111.30.40,
6111.30.50, 6111.90.10,
6111.90.20, 6111.90.30,
6111.90.40, 6111.90.50

6112.11.00, 6112.12.00,
6112.19.10, 6112.20.10,
6112.20.20, 6112.31.00,
6112.39.00, 6112.41.00,
6112.49.00

(13)

6113.00.90

(14)

(15)

(16)

(17)

(18)

6114.20.00, 6114.30.10,
6114.30.20, 6114.30.30,
6114.90.90

6115.11.00, 6115.12.20,
6115.19.80, 6115.20.90,
6115.92.60, 6115.92.90,
6115.93.60, 6115.93.90,
6115.99.14, 6115.99.18

6116.10.17, 6116.10.48,
6116.10.55, 6116.10.75,
6116.92.64, 6116.92.74,
6116.92.88, 6116.92.94,
6116.93.88, 6116.93.94,
6116.99.48, 6116.99.54,
6116.99.95

6117.10.20, 6117.10.60,
6117.20.90, 6117.80.95,
6117.90.90

6201.30.12, 6201.30.20,
6201.30.30, 6201.30.40,
6201.30.50, 6201.30.60,
6201.30.70, 6201.30.80,
6201.40.10, 6201.40.20,
6201.40.25, 6201.40.35,
6201.40.45, 6201.40.50,
6201.40.55, 6201.40.60,
6201.40.70, 6201.40.75,
6201.90.29, 6201.90.49,
6201.90.69

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 19

U.S. Notes (con.)

(19)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(23)

(24)

6202.30.12, 6202.30.20,
6202.30.30, 6202.30.40,
6202.30.50, 6202.30.60,
6202.30.70, 6202.30.80,
6202.40.10, 6202.40.20,
6202.40.25, 6202.40.35,
6202.40.45, 6202.40.55,
6202.40.60, 6202.40.70,
6202.40.75, 6202.90.29,
6202.90.49, 6202.90.69

6203.12.20, 6203.19.10,
6203.19.30, 6203.19.90,
6203.22.10, 6203.22.30,
6203.23.00, 6203.29.20,
6203.32.10, 6203.32.20,
6203.33.20, 6203.39.20,
6203.39.90, 6203.42.20,
6203.42.40, 6203.43.15,
6203.43.20, 6203.43.25,
6203.43.35, 6203.43.40,
6203.49.10, 6203.49.15,
6203.49.20, 6203.49.80

6204.12.00, 6204.13.20,
6204.19.20, 6204.19.80,
6204.22.10, 6204.22.30,
6204.23.00, 6204.29.20,
6204.29.40, 6204.32.10,
6204.32.20, 6204.33.10,
6204.33.20, 6204.33.50,
6204.39.30, 6204.39.80,
6204.42.10, 6204.42.20,
6204.42.30, 6204.43.10,
6204.43.20, 6204.43.40,
6204.44.20, 6204.44.40,
6204.49.50, 6204.52.10,
6204.52.20, 6204.53.10,
6204.53.30, 6204.59.10,
6204.59.30, 6204.59.40,
6204.62.20, 6204.62.30,
6204.62.40, 6204.63.12,
6204.63.15, 6204.63.20,
6204.63.30, 6204.63.35,
6204.69.10, 6204.69.25,
6204.69.60, 6204.69.90

6205.20.10, 6205.20.20,
6205.30.10, 6205.30.20,
6205.90.30, 6205.90.40

6206.10.00, 6206.30.10,
6206.30.20, 6206.30.30,
6206.40.10, 6206.40.20,
6206.40.30, 6206.90.00

6207.11.00, 6207.19.90,
6207.21.00, 6207.22.00,
6207.91.10, 6207.91.30,
6207.92.20, 6207.92.40

Women's or girls' overcoats, carcoats, capes, cloaks, anoraks
(including ski-jackets), windbreakers and similar articles
(including padded, sleeveless jackets), other than those of
heading 6204, of cotton or man-made fiber, or subject to cotton
or man-made fiber restraints

Men's or boys' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts (other
than swimwear), of cotton or man-made fiber, or subject to
cotton or man-made fiber restraints

Women's or girls' suits, ensembles, suit-type jackets, blazers,
dresses, skirts, divided skirts, trousers, bib and brace overalls,
breeches and shorts (other than swimwear), of cotton or
manmade fiber, or subject to cotton or man-made fiber
restraints

Men's or boys' shirts of cotton or man-made fiber, or subject
to cotton or man-made fiber restraints

Women's or girls' blouses, shirts and shirt-blouses, of cotton
or man-made fiber, or subject to cotton or man-made fiber
restraints

Men's or boys' singlets and other undershirts, underpants,
briefs, nightshirts, pajamas, bathrobes, dressing gowns and
similar articles, of cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton
or manmade fiber restraints

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 20
U.S. Notes (con.)

(25)

(26)

(27)

(28)

(29)

(30)

(31)

(32)

(33)

6208.11.00, 6208.19.20,
6208.21.00, 6208.22.00,
6208.91.10, 6208.91.30,
6208.92.00

6209.20.10, 6209.20.20,
6209.20.30, 6209.20.50,
6209.30.10, 6209.30.20,
6209.30.30, 6209.90.10,
6209.90.20, 6209.90.30

6210.10.90, 6210.20.50,
6210.20.90, 6210.30.50,
6210.30.90, 6210.40.50,
6210.40.90, 6210.50.50,
6210.50.90

6211.11.10, 6211.11.80,
6211.12.10, 6211.12.80,
6211.20.04, 6211.20.15,
6211.20.28, 6211.20.38,
6211.20.48, 6211.20.58,
6211.20.68, 6211.20.78,
6211.32.00, 6211.33.00,
6211.42.00, 6211.43.00

6212.10.50, 6212.10.90,
6212.20.00, 6212.30.00,
6212.90.00

Women's or girls' singlets and other undershirts, slips,
petticoats, briefs, panties, nightdresses, pajamas, negligees,
bathrobes, dressing gowns and similar articles, of cotton or
man-made fiber or subject to cotton or man-made fiber
restraints

Babies' garments and clothing accessories, of cotton or
man-made fiber or subject to cotton or man-made fiber
restraints

Garments, made up of fabrics of heading 5602, 5603, 5903,
5906, or 5907, of cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton
or manmade fiber restraints

Track suits, ski-suits and swimwear; other garments, of cotton
or man-made fiber or subject to cotton or man-made fiber
restraints

Brassieres, girdles, corsets, braces, suspenders, garters, and
similar articles and parts thereof, whether or not knitted or
crocheted, of cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton or
manmade fiber restraints

6213.20.10, 6213.20.20,
6213.90.10

Handkerchiefs, of cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton
or man-made fiber restraints

6214.30.00, 6214.40.00,
6214.90.00

Shawls, scarves, mufflers, mantillas, veils, and the like, of
cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton or man-made
fiber restraints

6215.10.00, 6215.20.00,
6215.90.00

Ties, bow ties, and cravats, of cotton or man-made fiber or
subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints

6216.00.17, 6216.00.21,
6216.00.24, 6216.00.29,
6216.00.38, 6216.00.41,
6216.00.54, 6216.00.58

Gloves, mittens, and mitts, of cotton or man-made fiber or
subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints

(34)

6217.10.95, 6217.90.90

Other made up clothing accessories; parts of garments or of
clothing accessories, other than those of heading 6212, of
cotton or man-made fiber or subject to cotton or man-made
fiber restraint

The tariff treatment provided for in subheading 9915.61.01 shall also apply to men's sport coats, containing 23 percent or
more by weight of wool or fine animal hair, of subheadings 6103.23.00, 6103.29.05, 6103.31.00, 6103.33.10, 6103.39.80,
6203.23.00, 6203.29.10, 6203.29.15, 6203.31.50, 6203.31.90, 6203.33.10 or 6203.39.10, provided that the component that
determines the tariff classification of the good is of carded wool fabric of subheading 5111.11.70, 5111.19.60 or 5111.90.90,
and provided that the good satisfies all other applicable requirements of this note.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 21

U.S. Notes (con.)

(c)

The aggregate quantity of goods enumerated in subdivision (b) of this note of Nicaragua and entered under subheading
9915.61.01 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below.

2006
2007
2008
2009
2010

100,000,000 SME
100,000,000 SME
100,000,000 SME
100,000,000 SME
100,000,000 SME

2011
2012
2013
2014

100,000,000 SME
100,000,000 SME
100,000,000 SME
100,000,000 SME

Of the quantity specified above for any such year, not more than 1,500,000 SME may be men's sport coats, containing 23
percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair, that are described in the final sentence of subdivision (b) of this note.

For purposes of determining the quantity of square meter equivalents (SME) to be charged against the aggregate quantity
specified in this subdivision, the conversion factors listed in Correlation: U.S. Textile and Apparel Category System with the
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States of America 2003, U.S. Department of Commerce, Office of Textiles and
Apparel, or successor publication, shall apply.

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheading 9915.61.01 and the immediate superior text thereto shall be
deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2014.

(d)

For purposes of heading 9915.61.05, the term "originating trousers, breeches or shorts of Nicaragua, under the terms of
general note 29 to the tariff schedule" refers only to such apparel articles, not knitted or crocheted, of cotton or of man-made
fibers, and made from U.S.-formed fabric of U.S.-formed yarn, that (I) are classifiable in the subheadings in the first column
below and meet the descriptions set out opposite such subheadings, and (II) are originating goods of Nicaragua under
the terms of general note 29 to the tariff schedule. Goods described in this note that are originating goods of Nicaragua
under the applicable rules set forth in general note 29 for the provisions of chapter 62 listed in the first column below must
be reported under heading 9915.61.05 as well as under the appropriate provision of chapter 62.

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

6203.42.40

Trousers, breeches or shorts of cotton, for men or boys, other than such goods for boys
imported as parts of playsuits;

6203.43.35

Water resistant trousers or breeches of synthetic fibers, for men or boys;

6203.43.40

6203.49.20

6203.49.80

6204.62.40

Trousers, breeches or shorts of synthetic fibers, for men or boys, other than such goods
for boys imported as parts of playsuits;

Trousers, breeches or shorts of artificial fibers (other than containing 36 percent or more
by weight of wool or fine animal hair), for men or boys, other than such goods for boys
imported as parts of playsuits;

Trousers or breeches of other textile materials, for men or boys, the foregoing subject to
cotton restraints or subject to man-made fiber restraints;

Trousers, breeches or shorts of cotton, for women or girls, other than such goods for girls
imported as parts of playsuits;

6204.63.30

Water resistant trousers or breeches of synthetic fibers, for women or girls;

6204.63.35

6204.69.25

Trousers, breeches or shorts of synthetic fibers, for women or girls, other than such goods
for girls imported as parts of playsuits;

Trousers, breeches or shorts of artificial fibers, for women or girls, other than such goods
for girls imported as parts of playsuits;

(10)

6204.69.60

Trousers, breeches or shorts of silk or silk waste, for women or girls, the foregoing subject
to cotton restraints or subject to man-made fiber restraints;

(11)

6204.69.90

Trousers, breeches or shorts of other textile materials, for women or girls, the foregoing
subject to cotton restraints or subject to man-made fiber restraints;

(12)

(13)

6210.40.50

Trousers, breeches or shorts of man-made fibers, for men or boys;

6210.40.90

Trousers, breeches or shorts, other than such goods having a fiber content of 70 percent
or more by weight of silk or silk waste, the foregoing for men or boys;

(14)

6210.50.50

Trousers, breeches or shorts of man-made fibers, for women or girls;

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 22
U.S. Notes (con.)

(15)

6210.50.90

Trousers, breeches or shorts, other than such goods having a fiber content of 70 percent
or more by weight of silk or silk waste, the foregoing for women or girls;

(16)

6211.20.15

Trousers or breeches, water resistant, imported as parts of ski-suits, the foregoing for men,
boys, women or girls;

(17)

6211.20.38

Trousers or breeches of cotton or of man-made fibers, imported as parts of ski-suits, the
foregoing for men or boys;

(18)

6211.20.68

Trousers or breeches of cotton or of man-made fibers, imported as parts of ski-suits, the
foregoing for women or girls;

(19)

(20)

(21)

(22)

6211.32.00

Track suit trousers of cotton, for men or boys;

6211.33.00

Track suit trousers of man-made fibers, for men or boys;

6211.42.00

Track suit trousers of cotton, for women or girls; or

6211.43.00

Track suit trousers of man-made fibers, for women or girls.

16.

Apparel goods of Costa Rica.

(a)

Subject to the provisions of subdivision (c) of this note, the rate of duty provided for in subheading 9915.62.05 in the
"Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 shall apply to goods of Costa Rica enumerated in subdivision (b) of this
note, in an aggregate annual quantity not to exceed 500,000 square meters equivalent (SME) in calendar years 2009
through 2018. Subheading 9915.62.05 applies to wool apparel goods described in this note if the goods are both cut and
sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Costa Rica and meet all applicable conditions for preferential tariff treatment
set forth in general note 29 to the tariff schedule (other than that they are originating goods), provided that such goods
comply with the requirements set forth in chapter rules 1, 3, 4 and 5 for chapter 62 of such general note for originating
goods.

(b)

The following apparel goods, not knitted or crocheted, containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or subject to wool
restraints, provided for in heading 6203 or 6204, shall receive the tariff treatment set forth in such subheading 9915.62.05:

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

suits for men or boys classified in subheading 6203.11.15, 6203.11.30, 6203.11.60, 6203.11.90, 6203.12.10, 6203.19.20,
6203.19.90 or 6203.29.10;

suit-type jackets and blazers for men or boys classified in subheading 6203.23.00, 6203.29.10, 6203.29.15, 6203.31.50,
6203.31.90, 6203.33.10, 6203.39.10 or 6203.39.90;

trousers, breeches and shorts for men or boys classified in subheading 6203.23.00, 6203.29.10, 6203.29.15, 6203.41.05,
6203.41.12, 6203.41.18, 6203.43.30, 6203.49.20 or 6203.49.80;

(iv)

suits for women or girls classified in subheading 6204.11.00, 6204.13.10, 6204.19.10 or 6204.19.80;

(v)

(vi)

suit-type jackets and blazers for women or girls classified in subheading 6204.31.20, 6204.33.40, 6204.39.20 or
6204.39.80;

skirts for women or girls classified in subheading 6204.21.00, 6204.23.00, 6204.29.40, 6204.51.00, 6204.53.20,
6204.59.20 or 6204.59.40; or

(vii)

trousers, breeches and shorts for women or girls classified in subheading 6204.21.00, 6204.23.00, 6204.29.40,
6204.61.10, 6204.61.90, 6204.63.25, 6204.69.20, 6204.69.60 or 6204.69.90.

(c)

The rate of duty provided for in subheading 9915.62.15 in the "Special" subcolumn of rates of duty column 1 shall apply
to goods of Costa Rica enumerated in subdivision (d) of this note, in an aggregate annual quantity not to exceed 500,000
square meters equivalent (SME) in calendar years 2009 through 2018. Subheading 9915.62.15 applies to wool apparel
goods described in this note if the goods are both cut and sewn or otherwise assembled in the territory of Costa Rica, and
meet all applicable conditions for preferential tariff treatment set forth in general note 29 to the tariff schedule other than
that they be originating goods. Goods that could qualify for preferential treatment under both subdivision (a) of this note
and this subdivision shall be imported under and counted first toward the limit described in this subdivision, until such limit
is reached, and then shall be imported under and counted toward the limit established in subdivision (a).

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 23

U.S. Notes (con.)

(d)

The following apparel goods made from fabric of wool (except fabric of carded wool, or made from wool yarn having an
average fiber diameter of less than or equal to 18.5 microns) shall receive the tariff treatment set forth in such subheading
9915.62.15:

(i)

(ii)

suits for men or boys classified in subheading 6203.11.30 or 6203.11.90;

suit-type jackets and blazers for men or boys classified in subheading 6203.29.15 or 6203.31.90;

(iii)

waistcoats (vests) for men or boys classified in subheading 6203.29.15 or 6211.39.05;

(iv)

trousers and breeches for men or boys classified in subheading 6203.29.15, 6203.41.05 or 6203.41.18;

(v)

suits for women or girls classified in subheading 6204.11.00;

(vi)

suit-type jackets and blazers for women or girls classified in subheading 6204.21.00, 6204.31.10 or 6204.31.20

(vii)

waistcoats (vests) for women or girls classified in subheading 6204.21.00 or 6211.49.41;

(viii)

skirts for women or girls classified in subheading 6204.21.00 or 6204.51.00; or

(ix)

trousers and breeches for women or girls classified in subheading 6204.21.00, 6204.61.10 or 6204.61.90.

(e)

For purposes of determining the quantity of square meter equivalents (SME) to be charged against the aggregate quantity
specified in this subdivision, the conversion factors listed in Correlation: U.S. Textile and Apparel Category System with
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States of America 2003, U.S. Department of Commerce, Office of Textiles
and Apparel, or successor publication, shall apply.

(f)

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note and subheadings 9915.62.05 and 9915.62.15 shall be deleted from the
tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2019.

17.

Mastectomy swimsuits of Costa Rica.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter of Costa Rica entered under subheadings
9915.61.03 or 9915.61.04 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year:

Year

2009
2010
2011
2012
2013

Quantity
(Square Meter Equivalents)

100,000
106,000
112,360
119,102
126,248

Year

2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(Square Meter Equivalents)

133,823
133,823
133,823
133,823
133,823

Subheadings 9915.61.03 and 9915.61.04 shall apply only to women's knitted or crocheted swimwear (provided for in
subheading 6112.41.00 or 6112.49.00) specially designed to accommodate post-mastectomy breast prostheses, containing
two full size interior pockets with side openings, two preformed cups, a supporting elastic band below the breast and vertical
center stitching to separate the two pockets, if such imported goods are both cut or knit to shape and sewn or otherwise
assembled in the territory of Costa Rica and meet the applicable conditions for preferential tariff treatment set forth in general
note 29 to the tariff schedule other than that they be originating goods.

(b)

For purposes of determining the quantity of square meter equivalents (SME) to be charged against the aggregate quantity
specified in this subdivision, the conversion factors listed in Correlation: U.S. Textile and Apparel Category System with
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States of America 2003, U.S. Department of Commerce, Office of Textiles
and Apparel, or successor publication, shall apply.

(c)

Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9915.61.03 and 9915.61.04, and the immediate superior
text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2019.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - XV - 24

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9915.02.05

1/

Goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter:

Of Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Honduras
or Nicaragua:

Goods provided for in subheading 0201.10.50,
0201.20.80, 0201.30.80, 0202.10.50, 0202.20.80 or
0202.30.80:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 4 to this subchapter.........................................

1/

9915.02.10

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

Of Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras or
Nicaragua:

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.40.25,
0401.50.25 or 0403.90.16:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 5(a) to this subchapter.....................................

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 5(b) to this subchapter....................................

1/

1/

9915.04.01

1/

9915.04.02

1/

9915.04.03

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

Of Costa Rica, El Salvador or Honduras:

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.50.75,
0402.21.90, 0403.90.65, 0403.90.78, 0405.10.20,
0405.20.30, 0405.90.20, 2106.90.26 or 2106.90.36:
Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 6(a) to this subchapter.....................................

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 6(b) to this subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading
0401.50.75.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.21.90
or 0403.90.65.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0403.90.78.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0405.10.20.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.30,
2106.90.26 or 2106.90.36................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0405.90.20.........................................................

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading
0401.50.75.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.21.90
or 0403.90.65.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0403.90.78.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0405.10.20.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.30,
2106.90.26 or 2106.90.36................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0405.90.20.........................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9915.04.05

1/

9915.04.06

1/

9915.04.07

1/

9915.04.08

1/

9915.04.09

1/

9915.04.10

1/

9915.04.11

1/

9915.04.12

1/

9915.04.13

1/

9915.04.14

1/

9915.04.15

1/

9915.04.16

1/

9915.04.17

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

$1.556/kg (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XV - 25

2

9915.04.20

1/

9915.04.21

1/

9915.04.22

1/

9915.04.23

1/

9915.04.24

1/

9915.04.25

1/

9915.04.26

1/

9915.04.27

1/

9915.04.28

1/

Goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter: (con.)

Of Costa Rica:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.10.50,
0402.21.25, 0402.21.50, 0403.90.45, 0403.90.55,
0404.10.90, 2309.90.28 or 2309.90.48:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 7(a) to this subchapter.....................................

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified U.S.
note 7(b) to this subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.10.50
or 0402.21.25.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.21.50
or 0403.90.55.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.45
or 0404.10.90.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 2309.90.28
or 2309.90.48.....................................................

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.10.50
or 0402.21.25.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.21.50
or 0403.90.55.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.45
or 0404.10.90.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 2309.90.28
or 2309.90.48.....................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Of Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala or
Nicaragua:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50,
0402.91.70, 0402.91.90, 0402.99.45, 0402.99.55,
0402.99.90, 0403.20.50, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15,
0404.90.50, 0405.20.70, 1517.90.60, 1704.90.58,
1806.20.26, 1806.20.28, 1806.20.36, 1806.20.38,
1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.20.87, 1806.20.89,
1806.32.06, 1806.32.08, 1806.32.16, 1806.32.18,
1806.32.70, 1806.32.80, 1806.90.08, 1806.90.10,
1806.90.18, 1806.90.20, 1806.90.28, 1806.90.30,
1901.10.16, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.36, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50,
1901.90.62, 1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09,
2106.90.66, 2106.90.87 or 2202.99.28:

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

9915.04.30

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 8(a) to this subchapter.....................................

1/

Free (P+)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 26

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter: (con.)
Of Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala or Nicaragua:
(con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50, 0402.91.70,
0402.91.90, 0402.99.45, 0402.99.55, 0402.99.90, 0403.20.50,
0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50, 0405.20.70, 1517.90.60,
1704.90.58, 1806.20.26, 1806.20.28, 1806.20.36, 1806.20.38,
1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.20.87, 1806.20.89, 1806.32.06,
1806.32.08, 1806.32.16, 1806.32.18, 1806.32.70, 1806.32.80,
1806.90.08, 1806.90.10, 1806.90.18, 1806.90.20, 1806.90.28,
1806.90.30, 1901.10.16, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.36, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62,
1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.87
or 2202.99.28: (con.)

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 8(b) to this subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading
0402.29.50.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70
or 0402.91.90.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.45
or 0402.99.55.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0402.99.90.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0403.20.50.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0403.90.95.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0404.10.15.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0404.90.50.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.70
or 2106.90.66.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
1517.90.60.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
1704.90.58.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.26,
1806.20.36, 1806.32.06 or 1806.32.16..........

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.28,
1806.20.38, 1806.32.08 or 1806.32.18..........

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.82
or 1806.20.87.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.83
or 1806.20.89.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.70,
1806.90.08, 1806.90.18 or 1806.90.28..........

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.80,
1806.90.10, 1806.90.20 or 1806.90.30..........

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.16,
1901.10.26, 1901.10.36 or 1901.10.44..........

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9915.04.31

1/

9915.04.32

1/

9915.04.33

1/

9915.04.34

1/

9915.04.35

1/

9915.04.36

1/

9915.04.37

1/

9915.04.38

1/

9915.04.39

1/

9915.04.40

1/

9915.04.41

1/

9915.04.42

1/

9915.04.43

1/

9915.04.44

1/

9915.04.45

1/

9915.04.46

1/

9915.04.47

1/

9915.04.48

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XV - 27

2

Goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter: (con.)
Of Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala or Nicaragua:
(con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50, 0402.91.70,
0402.91.90, 0402.99.45, 0402.99.55, 0402.99.90, 0403.20.50,
0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50, 0405.20.70, 1517.90.60,
1704.90.58, 1806.20.26, 1806.20.28, 1806.20.36, 1806.20.38,
1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.20.87, 1806.20.89, 1806.32.06,
1806.32.08, 1806.32.16, 1806.32.18, 1806.32.70, 1806.32.80,
1806.90.08, 1806.90.10, 1806.90.18, 1806.90.20, 1806.90.28,
1806.90.30, 1901.10.16, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.36, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62,
1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.87
or 2202.99.28: (con.)
Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 8(b) to
this subchapter: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.15
or 1901.20.50.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.56,
1901.10.66, 1901.90.62 or 1901.90.65..........

Goods provided for in subheading
2105.00.40.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
2106.90.09.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
2106.90.87.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
2202.99.28.........................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9915.04.49

1/

9915.04.50

1/

9915.04.51

1/

9915.04.52

1/

9915.04.53

1/

9915.04.54

1/

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 28

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter: (con.)
Of Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala or Nicaragua:
(con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50, 0402.91.70,
0402.91.90, 0402.99.45, 0402.99.55, 0402.99.90, 0403.20.50,
0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50, 0405.20.70, 1517.90.60,
1704.90.58, 1806.20.26, 1806.20.28, 1806.20.36, 1806.20.38,
1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.20.87, 1806.20.89, 1806.32.06,
1806.32.08, 1806.32.16, 1806.32.18, 1806.32.70, 1806.32.80,
1806.90.08, 1806.90.10, 1806.90.18, 1806.90.20, 1806.90.28,
1806.90.30, 1901.10.16, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.36, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62,
1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.87
or 2202.99.28: (con.)

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading
0402.29.50.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70
or 0402.91.90.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.45
or 0402.99.55.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0402.99.90.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0403.20.50.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0403.90.95.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0404.10.15.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0404.90.50.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.70
or 2106.90.66.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
1517.90.60.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
1704.90.58.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.26,
1806.20.36, 1806.32.06 or 1806.32.16..........

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.28,
1806.20.38, 1806.32.08 or 1806.32.18..........

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.82
or 1806.20.87.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.83
or 1806.20.89.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.70,
1806.90.08, 1806.90.18 or 1806.90.28..........

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.80,
1806.90.10, 1806.90.20 or 1806.90.30..........

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.16,
1901.10.26, 1901.10.36 or 1901.10.44..........

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9915.04.55

1/

9915.04.56

1/

9915.04.57

1/

9915.04.58

1/

9915.04.59

1/

9915.04.60

1/

9915.04.61

1/

9915.04.62

1/

9915.04.63

1/

9915.04.64

1/

9915.04.65

1/

9915.04.66

1/

9915.04.67

1/

9915.04.68

1/

9915.04.69

1/

9915.04.70

1/

9915.04.71

1/

9915.04.72

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XV - 29

2

Goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter: (con.)
Of Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala or Nicaragua:
(con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50, 0402.91.70,
0402.91.90, 0402.99.45, 0402.99.55, 0402.99.90, 0403.20.50,
0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50, 0405.20.70, 1517.90.60,
1704.90.58, 1806.20.26, 1806.20.28, 1806.20.36, 1806.20.38,
1806.20.82, 1806.20.83, 1806.20.87, 1806.20.89, 1806.32.06,
1806.32.08, 1806.32.16, 1806.32.18, 1806.32.70, 1806.32.80,
1806.90.08, 1806.90.10, 1806.90.18, 1806.90.20, 1806.90.28,
1806.90.30, 1901.10.16, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.36, 1901.10.44,
1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62,
1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.87
or 2202.99.28: (con.)
Other: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.15
or 1901.20.50.....................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.56,
1901.10.66, 1901.90.62 or 1901.90.65..........

Goods provided for in subheading
2105.00.40.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
2106.90.09.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
2106.90.87.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
2202.99.28.........................................................

Of Dominican Republic:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70,
0402.91.90, 0402.99.45 or 0402.99.55 subject to the
quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 9 to this
subchapter.......................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9915.04.73

1/

9915.04.74

1/

9915.04.75

1/

9915.04.76

1/

9915.04.77

1/

9915.04.78

1/

9915.04.79

1/

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XV - 30

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter: (con.)

Of a party to the Agreement specified in general note 29(a)
to the tariff schedule:

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08,
0406.10.18, 0406.10.28, 0406.10.38, 0406.10.48,
0406.10.58, 0406.10.68, 0406.10.78, 0406.10.88,
0406.20.28, 0406.20.33, 0406.20.39, 0406.20.48,
0406.20.53, 0406.20.63, 0406.20.67, 0406.20.71,
0406.20.75, 0406.20.79, 0406.20.83, 0406.20.87,
0406.20.91, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.38,
0406.30.48, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67,
0406.30.71, 0406.30.75, 0406.30.79, 0406.30.83,
0406.30.87, 0406.30.91, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12,
0406.90.18, 0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42,
0406.90.48, 0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90.74,
0406.90.78, 0406.90.84, 0406.90.88, 0406.90.92,
0406.90.94, 0406.90.97 or 1901.90.36:

9915.04.80

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 10(a) to this subchapter..................................

1/

9915.04.81

1/

9915.04.82

1/

9915.04.83

1/

9915.04.84

1/

9915.04.85

1/

9915.04.86

1/

9915.04.87

1/

9915.04.88

1/

9915.04.89

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 10(b) to this subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08,
0406.10.88, 0406.20.91, 0406.30.91 or
0406.90.97.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18,
0406.20.28, 0406.20.63, 0406.30.18,
0406.30.63, 0406.40.70 or 0406.90.74..........

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.67, 0406.30.28,
0406.30.67, 0406.90.12 or 0406.90.78..........

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.38,
0406.20.39, 0406.20.71, 0406.30.38,
0406.30.71, 0406.90.54 or 0406.90.84..........

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.48,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.75, 0406.30.48,
0406.30.75, 0406.90.18 or 0406.90.88..........

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.58,
0406.20.53, 0406.20.79, 0406.30.79,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42 or
0406.90.68.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.68,
0406.20.83, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.83 or
0406.90.92.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.78,
0406.20.87, 0406.30.87, 0406.90.94 or
1901.90.36.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0406.90.48.........................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XV - 31

2

Goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter: (con.)
Of a party to the Agreement specified in general note 29(a) to
the tariff schedule: (con.)

Of a party to the Agreement specified in general note
29(a) to the tariff schedule:

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08,
0406.10.88, 0406.20.91, 0406.30.91 or
0406.90.97.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18,
0406.20.28, 0406.20.63, 0406.30.18,
0406.30.63, 0406.40.70 or 0406.90.74..........

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.67, 0406.30.28,
0406.30.67, 0406.90.12 or 0406.90.78..........

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.38,
0406.20.39, 0406.20.71, 0406.30.38,
0406.30.71, 0406.90.54 or 0406.90.84..........

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.48,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.75, 0406.30.48,
0406.30.75, 0406.90.18 or 0406.90.88..........

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.58,
0406.20.53, 0406.20.79, 0406.30.79,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42 or
0406.90.68.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.68,
0406.20.83, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.83 or
0406.90.92.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.78,
0406.20.87, 0406.30.87, 0406.90.94 or
1901.90.36.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading
0406.90.48.........................................................

Of Nicaragua:

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08,
0406.10.88, 0406.20.91, 0406.30.91 or 0406.90.97
subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
11 to this subchapter......................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9915.04.90

1/

9915.04.91

1/

9915.04.92

1/

9915.04.93

1/

9915.04.94

1/

9915.04.95

1/

9915.04.96

1/

9915.04.97

1/

9915.04.98

1/

9915.04.99

1/

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

XXII
99 - XV - 32

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9915.12.05

1/

9915.12.10

1/

9915.12.20

1/

9915.12.30

1/

9915.12.40

1/

9915.20.05

1/

9915.20.10

1/

9915.21.05

1/

9915.21.10

1/

9915.21.20

9915.50.01

1/

1/

Goods described in U.S. note 2 to this subchapter: (con.)

Of El Salvador or Nicaragua:

Goods provided for in subheading 1202.30.80,
1202.41.80, 1202.42.80, 2008.11.35 or 2008.11.60:
Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 12(a) to this subchapter..................................

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 12(b) to this subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading
1202.41.80.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1202.30.80,
1202.42.80, 2008.11.35 or 2008.11.60..........

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading
1202.41.80.........................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1202.30.80,
1202.42.80, 2008.11.35 or 2008.11.60..........

Of Nicaragua:

Goods provided for in subheading 2008.11.15:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 13(a) to this subchapter..................................

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 13(b) to this subchapter..................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Of a party to the Agreement specified in general note 29(a)
to the tariff schedule Goods provided for in subheading
2105.00.20:

Goods provided for in subheading 2105.00.20:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 14(a) to this subchapter..................................

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S.
note 14(b) to this subchapter..................................

1/

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

Socks, stockings and other hosiery and footwear without
applied soles, of cotton, knitted or crocheted (provided for in
subheading 6115.95.60 or 6115.95.90, and including such
goods eligible for entry under heading 9802.00.80 or
9822.05.10), the foregoing which are originating goods of
Honduras under the terms of general note 29 to the tariff
schedule and are entered during the period from July 1, 2008
through December 31, 2008, inclusive......................................

9915.20.20

1/

Other..........................................................................

1/

9915.61.01

1/

Apparel goods of Nicaragua, of cotton or man-made fibers, or
subject to cotton or man-made fiber restraints, the foregoing
described in U.S. note 15(b) to this subchapter and imported
into the customs territory of the United States in aggregate
quantities not to exceed the quantities set forth in U.S. note
15(c) to this subchapter...............................................................

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

Free (P+)

1/

1/

No change

5% on the full value
of the imported
article

Free

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XV - 33

2

Womenʼs knit mastectomy swimwear of Costa Rica (provided
for in subheading 6112.41.00 or 6112.49.00), the foregoing
described in U.S. note 17 to this subchapter and imported in
aggregate annual quantities not to exceed the quantities set
forth in U.S. note 17 to this subchapter:

Goods provided for in HTS 6112.41.00 described in U.S.
note 17 to this subchapter.....................................................

9915.61.03

1/

9915.61.04

1/

Goods provided for in HTS 6112.49.00 described in U.S.
note 17 to this subchapter.....................................................

9915.61.05

1/

Originating trousers, breeches or shorts of Nicaragua, under
the terms of general note 29 to the tariff schedule, as described
in subdivision (d) of U.S. note 15 to this subchapter................

9915.62.05

1/

9915.62.15

1/

Apparel goods of Costa Rica, not knitted or crocheted,
containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or subject to
wool restraints, the foregoing described in U.S. note 16(b) to
this subchapter and imported in aggre- gate annual quantities
not to exceed the quantities set forth in U.S. note 16(a) to this
subchapter.....................................................................................

Apparel goods of Costa Rica made from wool fabric (except
fabric of carded wool, or made from wool yarn having an
average fiber diameter of not more than 18.5 microns), the
foregoing described in U.S. note 16(d) to this subchapter and
imported in aggregate annual quantities not to exceed the
quantities set forth in U.S. note 16(c) to this subchapter.........

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free

Free

Free (P)

Free

Free

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XVI

[MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
The United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement]

XXII
99-XVI-1
[Compiler's note: The provisions of this subchapter have expired because final staged reductions were implemented as of
January 1, 2018; this subchapter has now been deleted as previously proclaimed.]

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XVII

MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
THE UNITED STATES-PERU TRADE PROMOTION AGREEMENT

XXII
99-XVII-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

This subchapter contains modifications of the provisions of the tariff schedule established pursuant to the United States-Peru
Trade Promotion Agreement. Goods of Peru, entered under the terms of general note 32 to the tariff schedule, and described
in subheadings 9917.04.10 through 9917.04.69 of this subchapter for which a rate of duty followed by the symbol "(PE)" is
herein provided, are subject to duty at the rate set forth in this subchapter in lieu of the rate provided therefore in chapters 1
through 97. For purposes of this subchapter, notwithstanding any other provisions of the tariff schedule, the term "goods of
Peru, under the terms of general note 32 to the tariff schedule" means goods of Peru that satisfy the requirements of general
note 32 to the tariff schedule, except that operations performed in, or material obtained from, the United States shall be
considered as if the operations were performed in, and the material was obtained from, a country that is not a party to the
Agreement as defined in general note 32 to the tariff schedule. Such goods of Peru entered into the United States under the
provisions of subheadings 9917.04.10 through 9917.04.69 are not subject to any of the provisions, duties or limitations of
subchapter IV of chapter 99 of the tariff schedule. Unless otherwise provided, U.S. notes3 through 5 and subheadings 9917.04.10
through 9917.04.69 of this subchapter are effective as to such goods of Peru entered, under general note 32 to the tariff
schedule, through the close of December 31, 2025 and shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of such date.
[Compiler's note: The provisions of this subchapter have expired but will be retained in the HTS through the close
of December 31, 2026, to facilitate Customs processing of entries.]

Whenever goods are classifiable under a provision for which the modification of the applicable United States-Peru Trade
Promotion Agreement rate of duty is provided for in a subheading in this subchapter, the reporting number, in the absence of
specific instructions to the contrary, shall be the appropriate statistical reporting number for the basic provision (the appropriate
provision for classification purposes in chapters 1 through 97) preceded by the subheading number of this subchapter. For
statistical purposes, both the basic provision statistical reporting number and the applicable subheading number from this
subchapter shall be collected by the United States Bureau of Census.

3.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Peru entered under subheading 9917.04.10 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

2/1/09 -
12/31/09
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

6,000
6,720
7,526
8,430
9,441
10,574
11,843
13,264

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024

Quantity
(Metric tons)

14,856
16,638
18,635
20,871
23,376
26,181
29,323
32,841

Beginning in calendar year 2025, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Peru.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XVII - 2
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Peru entered under subheading 9917.04.11 through 9917.04.12 in any
calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

2/1/09-
12/31/09
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

1,800
2,016
2,258
2,529
2,832
3,172
3,553
3,979

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024

Quantity
(Metric tons)

4,457
4,991
5,591
6,261
7,013
7,854
8,797
9,852

Beginning in calendar year 2025, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Peru. Unless
earlier modified or terminated, this not, subheadings 9917.04.10 through 9917.04.14, any intervening text and the
immediate superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2025.

4.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Peru entered under subheading 9917.04.20 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

2/1/09-
12/31/09
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015

Quantity
(Metric tons)

2,000
2,200
2,420
2,662
2,928
3,221
3,543

Year

2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022

Quantity
(Metric tons)

3,897
4,287
4,716
5,187
5,706
6,277
6,905

Beginning in calendar year 2023, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Peru. Unless earlier
modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9917.04.20 through 9917.04.40, any intervening text and the immediate superior
text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2023.

5.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Peru entered under subheading 9917.04.50 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

2/1/09-
12/31/09
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

2,000
2,800
3,136
3,512
3,934
4,406
4,935
5,527

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024

Quantity
(Metric tons)

6,190
6,933
7,765
8,696
9,740
10,909
12,218
13,684

Beginning in calendar year 2025, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Peru.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XVII - 3

U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Peru entered under subheadings 9917.04.51 through 9917.04.59 in
any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

2/1/09-
12/31/09
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

600
840
941
1,054
1,180
1,322
1,481
1,658

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024

Quantity
(Metric tons)

1,857
2,080
2,330
2,609
2,922
3,273
3,665
4,105

Beginning in calendar year 2025, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Peru. Unless
earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9917.04.50 through 9917.04.69, any intervening text and the
immediate superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2025.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XVII - 4

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods of Peru, under the terms of general note 32 to the tariff
schedule:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70, 0402.91.90,
0402.99.45, 0402.99.55:

9917.04.10

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
3 (a) to this subchapter...................................................

1/

9917.04.11

1/

9917.04.12

1/

9917.04.13

1/

9917.04.14

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
3 (b) to this subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70 or
0402.91.90................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.45 or
0402.99.55................................................................

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70 or
0402.91.90................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.45 or
0402.99.55................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XVII - 5

2

Goods of Peru, under the terms of general note 32 to the tariff
schedule: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50, 0402.99.90,
0403.20.50, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50,
0405.20.70, 1517.90.60, 1704.90.58, 1806.20.82,
1806.20.83,1806.32.70, 1806.32.80, 1806.90.08,
1806.90.10, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.44, 1901.10.56,
1901.10.60, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62,
1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66,
2106.90.87 or 2202.99.28:

9917.04.20

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
4 to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

Other:

9917.04.21

9917.04.22

9917.04.23

9917.04.24

9917.04.25

9917.04.26

9917.04.27

9917.04.28

9917.04.29

9917.04.30

9917.04.31

9917.04.32

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9917.04.33

1/

9917.04.34

1/

9917.04.35

1/

9917.04.36

1/

9917.04.37

9917.04.38

9917.04.39

9917.04.40

1/

1/

1/

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.90......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.20.50......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.95......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0404.10.15......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0404.90.50......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.70 or
2106.90.66................................................................

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1517.90.60......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1704.90.58......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.82......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.83......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.70 or
1806.90.08................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.80 or
1806.90.10................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.26 or
1901.10.44................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.15 or
1901.20.50................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.56,
1901.10.60, 1901.90.62 or 1901.90.65.................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2105.00.40......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.09......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.87......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2202.99.28......

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XVII - 6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods of Peru, under the terms of general note 32 to the tariff
schedule: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08, 0406.10.18,
0406.10.28, 0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58,
0406.10.68, 0406.10.78, 0406.10.88, 0406.20.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.39, 0406.20.48, 0406.20.53,
0406.20.63, 0406.20.67, 0406.20.71, 0406.20.75,
0406.20.79, 0406.20.83, 0406.20.87, 0406.20.91,
0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.48,
0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67, 0406.30.71,
0406.30.75, 0406.30.79, 0406.30.83, 0406.30.87,
0406.30.91, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12, 0406.90.18,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42, 0406.90.48,
0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90.74, 0406.90.78,
0406.90.84, 0406.90.88, 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94,
0406.90.97 or 1901.90.36:

9917.04.50

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
5(a) to this subchapter....................................................

1/

9917.04.51

1/

9917.04.52

1/

9917.04.53

1/

9917.04.54

1/

9917.04.55

1/

9917.04.56

1/

9917.04.57

1/

9917.04.58

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
5(b) to this subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08,
0406.10.88, 0406.20.91, 0406.30.91 or
0406.90.97................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18,
0406.20.28, 0406.20.63, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.63,
0406.40.70 or 0406.90.74.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.67, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.67,
0406.90.12 or 0406.90.78.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.38,
0406.20.39, 0406.20.71, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.71,
0406.90.54 or 0406.90.84.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.48,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.75, 0406.30.48, 0406.30.75,
0406.90.18 or 0406.90.88.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.58,
0406.20.53, 0406.20.79, 0406.30.79, 0406.90.32,
0406.90.37, 0406.90.42 or 0406.90.68.................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.68,
0406.20.83, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.83 or
0406.90.92................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.78,
0406.20.87, 0406.30.87, 0406.90.94 or
1901.90.36................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9917.04.59

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.48......

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XVII - 7

2

Goods of Peru, under the terms of general note 32 to the tariff
schedule: (con.)
Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08, 0406.10.18,
0406.10.28, 0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58, 0406.10.68,
0406.10.78, 0406.10.88, 0406.20.28, 0406.20.33, 0406.20.39,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.53, 0406.20.63, 0406.20.67, 0406.20.71,
0406.20.75, 0406.20.79, 0406.20.83, 0406.20.87, 0406.20.91,
0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.48, 0406.30.53,
0406.30.63, 0406.30.67, 0406.30.71, 0406.30.75, 0406.30.79,
0406.30.83, 0406.30.87, 0406.30.91, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12,
0406.90.18, 0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42, 0406.90.48,
0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90.74, 0406.90.78, 0406.90.84,
0406.90.88, 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94, 0406.90.97 or
1901.90.36: (con.)

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08,
0406.10.88, 0406.20.91, 0406.30.91 or
0406.90.97................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18,
0406.20.28, 0406.20.63, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.63,
0406.40.70 or 0406.90.74.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.67, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.67,
0406.90.12 or 0406.90.78.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.38,
0406.20.39, 0406.20.71, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.71,
0406.90.54 or 0406.90.84.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.48,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.75, 0406.30.48, 0406.30.75,
0406.90.18 or 0406.90.88.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.58,
0406.20.53, 0406.20.79, 0406.30.79, 0406.90.32,
0406.90.37, 0406.90.42 or 0406.90.68.................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.68,
0406.20.83, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.83 or
0406.90.92................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.78,
0406.20.87, 0406.30.87, 0406.90.94 or
1901.90.36................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9917.04.61

1/

9917.04.62

1/

9917.04.63

1/

9917.04.64

1/

9917.04.65

1/

9917.04.66

1/

9917.04.67

1/

9917.04.68

1/

9917.04.69

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.48......

1/

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

Free (PE)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XVIII

MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
THE UNITED STATES-COLOMBIA TRADE PROMOTION AGREEMENT

XXII
99-XVIII-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

This subchapter contains modifications of the provisions of the tariff schedule established pursuant to the United States-Colombia
Trade Promotion Agreement. Goods of Colombia, entered under the terms of general note 34 to the tariff schedule, and
described in subheadings 9918.02.01 through 9918.24.11 of this subchapter for which a rate of duty followed by the symbol
"(CO)" is herein provided, are subject to duty at the rate set forth in this subchapter in lieu of the rate provided therefor in
chapters 1 through 97. Originating goods of Colombia entered into the United States under the provisions of subheadings
9918.02.01 through 9918.24.11 are not subject to any of the provisions, duties or limitations of subchapter IV of chapter 99 of
the tariff schedule. Unless otherwise provided U.S. notes 3 through 9 and subheadings 9918.02.01 through 9918.24.11 of this
subchapter are effective as to such goods of Colombia entered, under general note 34 to the tariff schedule, through the close
of December 31, 2026 and shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of such date. For purposes of this subchapter,
goods are "originating goods of Colombia" eligible for the benefits accorded to goods entered under the quantitative limitations
set forth in U.S. notes 3 through 9 of this subchapter if they satisfy the requirements set forth in general note 34(o) to the tariff
schedule, except that operations performed in, or material obtained from, the United States shall be considered as if the
operations were performed in, and the material was obtained from, a country that is not a party to the agreement identified in
the first sentence to this note.

Whenever goods are classifiable under a provision for which the modification of the applicable United States-Colombia Trade
Promotion Agreement rate of duty is provided for in a subheading in this subchapter, the reporting number, in the absence of
specific instructions to the contrary, shall be the appropriate statistical reporting number for the basic provision (the appropriate
provision for classification purposes in chapters 1 through 97) preceded by the subheading number of this subchapter. For
statistical purposes, both the basic provision statistical reporting number and the applicable subheading number from this
subchapter shall be collected by the United States Bureau of Census.

3.

(a)

Subject to the last sentence of this subdivision, the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Colombia entered under
subheading 9918.02.01 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

5/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

5,250
5,513
5,788
6,078
6,381

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020

Quantity
(Metric tons)

6,700
7,036
7,387
7,757

Beginning in calendar year 2021, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Colombia. The
duty-free quantities made available under this subdivision of this note shall be available only if, in any calendar year, the
quantity allocated to other countries or areas in additional U.S. note 3 to chapter 2 of the tariff schedule has been filled for
such year.

(b)

Subheading 9918.02.02 shall apply only when the quantitative limitations specified in subdivision (a) of this note for
subheading 9918.02.01 have been entered. The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Colombia entered under
subheading 9918.02.02 in any calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

5/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

2,100
2,205
2,315
2,431
2,552

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020

Quantity
(Metric tons)

2,680
2,814
2,955
3,103

Beginning in calendar year 2021, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Colombia. Unless
earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9918.02.01 through 9918.02.03, any intervening superior text and the
immediate superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2021.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XVIII - 2
U.S. Notes (con.)

4.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Colombia entered under subheading 9918.04.01 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

5/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

110
121
133
146
161

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021

Quantity
(Metric tons)

177
195
214
236
259

Beginning in calendar year 2022, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Colombia. Unless earlier
modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9918.04.01 through 9918.04.02, any intervening superior text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2022.

5.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Colombia entered under subheading 9918.04.04 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

5/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

2,200
2,420
2,662
2,928
3,221

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021

Quantity
(Metric tons)

3,543
3,897
4,287
4,716
5,187

Beginning in calendar year 2022, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Colombia. Unless earlier
modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9918.04.04 through 9918.04.05, any intervening superior text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2022.

6.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Colombia entered under subheading 9918.04.50 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

5/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(Metric tons)

5,060
5,566
6,123
6,735
7,408
8,149
8,964

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025

Quantity
(Metric tons)

9,861
10,847
11,931
13,124
14,437
15,880
17,468

Beginning in calendar year 2026, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Colombia. Unless earlier
modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9918.04.50 through 9918.04.59, any intervening superior text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2026.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XVIII - 3

U.S. Notes (con.)

7.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Colombia entered under subheading 9918.04.60 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

5/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(Metric tons)

2,200
2,420
2,662
2,928
3,221
3,543
3,897

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025

Quantity
(Metric tons)

4,287
4,716
5,187
5,706
6,277
6,905
7,595

Beginning in calendar year 2026, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Colombia. Unless earlier
modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9918.04.60 through 9918.04.80, any intervening superior text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2026.

8.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Colombia entered under subheading 9918.21.10 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

5/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

330
363
399
439
483

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021

Quantity
(Metric tons)

531
585
643
707
778

Beginning in calendar year 2022, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Colombia. Unless earlier
modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9918.21.10 through 9918.21.11, any intervening superior text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2022.

9.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Colombia entered under subheading 9918.24.10 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

5/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(Metric tons)

4,200
4,410
4,631
4,862
5,105
5,360
5,628

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025

Quantity
(Metric tons)

5,910
6,205
6,516
6,841
7,183
7,543
7,920

Beginning in calendar year 2026, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Colombia. Unless earlier
modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9918.24.10 through 9918.24.11, any intervening superior text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2026.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XVIII - 4
U.S. Notes (con.)

10.

Subheading 9918.24.15 and the related value limitations set forth in this note apply to goods of Colombia, provided for in
subheadings 2402.20 through 2402.90 and heading 2403 of the tariff schedule. The provisions of this note and such subheading
shall apply to such goods of Colombia that do not undergo a change in tariff classification specified in general note 34(o) to
the tariff schedule but that otherwise meet all applicable requirements of such general note 34, provided that the value of
non-originating tobacco of heading 2401, other than wrapper tobacco not threshed or similarly processed, does not exceed
the percentage of the adjusted value of the good set out below:

Year

Adjusted value percentage

5/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015

15 percent of the adjusted value of the good
14 percent of the adjusted value of the good
13 percent of the adjusted value of the good
12 percent of the adjusted value of the good

For purposes of making a claim for preferential tariff treatment for the goods described in this note, an importer, exporter or
producer may use the provisions of this note or may use the rule specified in general note 34(e), but not both. Nonoriginating
goods of Colombia that are not entered under the terms of this note in any calendar year specified herein shall receive the column
1-general rate of duty provided for in the appropriate provision in chapter 24. No originating goods of Colombia shall be permitted
or included under these subheadings. Unless earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9918.24.15 and 9918.24.20
and the superior text thereto shall be deleted at the close of December 31, 2016.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XVIII - 5

2

Goods of Colombia, under the terms of general note 34 to the
tariff schedule:

Goods provided for in subheading 0201.10.50, 0201.20.80,
0201.30.80, 0202.10.50, 0202.20.80 or 0202.30.80:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
3(a) to this subchapter....................................................

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in:

U.S. note 3 (b) to this subchapter..................................

1/

Other.................................................................................

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.40.25, 0401.50.25
or 0403.90.16:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
4 to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

9918.02.01

1/

9918.02.02

9918.02.03

1/

1/

9918.04.01

1/

9918.04.02

1/

Other.................................................................................

1/

9918.04.04

1/

9918.04.05

1/

9918.04.06

9918.04.07

1/

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.50.75, 0403.90.78,
0405.10.20, 0405.20.30, 0405.90.20, 2106.90.26 or
2106.90.36:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
5 to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading 0401.50.75 or
0403.90.78................................................................

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.10.20......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.30,
2106.90.26, or 2106.90.36......................................

1/

9918.04.08

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.90.20......

1/

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XVIII - 6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods of Colombia, under the terms of general note 34 to the
tariff schedule: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08, 0406.10.18,
0406.10.28, 0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58,
0406.10.68, 0406.10.78, 0406.10.88, 0406.20.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.39, 0406.20.48, 0406.20.53,
0406.20.63, 0406.20.67, 0406.20.71, 0406.20.75,
0406.20.79, 0406.20.83, 0406.20.87, 0406.20.91,
0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.48,
0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67, 0406.30.71,
0406.30.75, 0406.30.79, 0406.30.83, 0406.30.87,
0406.30.91, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12, 0406.90.18,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42, 0406.90.48,
0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90.74, 0406.90.78,
0406.90.84, 0406.90.88, 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94,
0406.90.97 or 1901.90.36:

9918.04.50

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
6 to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

Other:

9918.04.51

1/

9918.04.52

1/

9918.04.53

1/

9918.04.54

1/

9918.04.55

1/

9918.04.56

1/

9918.04.57

1/

9918.04.58

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08,
0406.10.88, 0406.20.91, 0406.30.91 or
0406.90.97................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18,
0406.20.28, 0406.20.63, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.63,
0406.40.70 or 0406.90.74.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.67, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.67,
0406.90.12 or 0406.90.78.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.38,
0406.20.39, 0406.20.71, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.71,
0406.90.54 or 0406.90.84.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.48,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.75, 0406.30.48, 0406.30.75,
0406.90.18 or 0406.90.88.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.58,
0406.20.53, 0406.20.79, 0406.30.79, 0406.90.32,
0406.90.37, 0406.90.42 or 0406.90.68.................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.68,
0406.20.83, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.83 or
0406.90.92................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.78,
0406.20.87, 0406.30.87, 0406.90.94 or
1901.90.36................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9918.04.59

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.48......

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XVIII - 7

2

Goods of Colombia, under the terms of general note 34 to the
tariff schedule: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50, 0402.99.90,
0403.20.50, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50,
0405.20.70, 1517.90.60, 1704.90.58, 1806.20.82,
1806.20.83, 1806.32.70, 1806.32.80, 1806.90.08,
1806.90.10, 1901.10.16, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.36,
1901.10.44, 1901.10.56, 1901.10.66, 1901.20.15,
1901.20.50, 1901.90.62, 1901.90.65, 2105.00.40,
2106.90.09, 2106.90.66, 2106.90.87 or 2202.99.28:

9918.04.60

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
7 to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

Other:

9918.04.61

9918.04.62

9918.04.63

9918.04.64

9918.04.65

9918.04.66

9918.04.67

9918.04.68

9918.04.69

9918.04.70

9918.04.71

9918.04.72

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9918.04.73

1/

9918.04.74

1/

9918.04.75

1/

9918.04.76

1/

9918.04.77

9918.04.78

9918.04.79

9918.04.80

9918.21.10

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.90......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.20.50......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.95......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0404.10.15......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0404.90.50......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.70 or
2106.90.66................................................................

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1517.90.60......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1704.90.58......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.82......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.83......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.70 or
1806.90.08................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.80 or
1806.90.10................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.16,
1901.10.26 1901.10.36, or 1901.10.44.................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.15 or
1901.20.50................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.56,
1901.10.66, 1901.90.62 or 1901.90.65.................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2105.00.40......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.09......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.87......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2202.99.28......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2105.00.20:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
8 to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

9918.21.11

1/

Other.................................................................................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XVIII - 8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods of Colombia, under the terms of general note 34 to the
tariff schedule: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 2401.10.65, 2401.20.35,
2401.20.87, 2401.30.70, 2403.19.90, 2403.91.47 or
2403.99.90:

9918.24.10

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
9 to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

9918.24.11

1/

Other.................................................................................

1/

9918.24.15

1/

Goods of Colombia, under the terms of U.S. note 10 to this
subchapter and subject to the terms of such note:

Goods provided for in subheading 2402.20.10, 2402.20.80,
2402.20.90 or 2402.90.00 or heading 2403 (other than
subheading 2403.19.90 or 2403.99.90)..............................

9918.24.20

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2403.19.90 or
2403.99.90 Other...................................................................

1/

1/

Free (CO)

Free (CO)

Free

The duty rate

provided for origin-
ating goods of
Colombia in such
subheading

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XIX

MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
THE UNITED STATES-PANAMA TRADE PROMOTION AGREEMENT

XXII
99-XIX-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

This subchapter contains modifications to the tariff schedule established pursuant to the United States-Panama Trade Promotion
Agreement. Goods of Panama, entered under the terms of general note 35 to the tariff schedule and described in subheadings
9919.04.10 through 9919.61.12 of this subchapter for which a rate of duty followed by the symbol "(PA)" is herein provided,
are subject to duty at the rate set forth in this subchapter in lieu of the rate provided therefore in chapters 1 through 97. Such
goods of Panama entered into the United States under the provisions of subheadings 9919.04.10 through 9919.61.12 are not
subject to any of the provisions, duties or limitations of subchapter IV of chapter 99 of the tariff schedule.

Unless otherwise provided, U.S. notes 1 through 7 and subheadings 9919.04.10 through 9919.61.12 of this subchapter are
effective as to such goods of Panama entered, under general note 35 to the tariff schedule, through the close of December 31,
2028 and shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of such date.

Whenever goods are classifiable under a provision for which the modification of the applicable United States-Panama Trade
Promotion Agreement rate of duty is provided for in a subheading in this subchapter, the reporting number, in the absence of
specific instructions to the contrary, shall be the appropriate statistical reporting number for the basic provision (the appropriate
provision for classification purposes in chapters 1 through 97) preceded by the subheading number of this subchapter. For
statistical purposes, both the basic provision's statistical reporting number and the applicable heading or subheading number
from this subchapter shall be collected by the United States Bureau of Census.

3.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheading 9919.02.01 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

10/31/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(Metric tons)

330
363
399
439
483
531
585

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025

Quantity
(Metric Tons)

643
707
778
856
942
1,036
1,130

Beginning in calendar year 2026, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Panama. Unless earlier
modified or terminated, this note and subheadings 9918.02.01 through 9918.02.02 shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at
the close of December 31, 2026.

4.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheading 9919.04.10 in any calendar year shall
not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

10/31/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019

Quantity
(Metric tons)

2,120
2,247
2,382
2,525
2,676
2,837
3,007
3,188

Year

2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027

Quantity
(Metric tons)

3,379
3,582
3,797
4,024
4,266
4,522
4,793
5,081

Beginning in calendar year 2028, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Panama.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XIX - 2
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheading 9919.04.11 through 9919.04.12 in any
calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

10/31/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019

Quantity
(Metric tons)

318
337
357
379
401
426
451
478

Year

2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027

Quantity
(Metric tons)

507
537
570
604
640
678
719
762

Beginning in calendar year 2028, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Panama. Unless
earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9919.04.10 through 9919.04.14, any intervening text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2028.

5.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheading 9919.04.40 in any calendar year shall
not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

10/31/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(Metric tons)

318
337
357
379
401
426
451

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025

Quantity
(Metric Tons)

478
507
537
569
604
640
678

Beginning in calendar year 2026, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Panama.

(b)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheadings 9919.04.41 in any calendar year shall
not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

10/31/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(Metric tons)

48
51
54
57
60
64
68

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025

Quantity
(Metric Tons)

68
76
81
85
91
96
102

Beginning in calendar year 2026, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Panama. Unless
earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9919.04.40 through 9919.04.42, any intervening text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2026.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XIX - 3

U.S. Notes (con.)

6.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheading 9919.04.50 in any calendar year shall
not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

10/31/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019

Quantity
(Metric tons)

525
551
579
608
638
670
704
739

Year

2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027

Quantity
(Metric tons)

776
814
855
898
943
990
1,039
1,091

Beginning in calendar year 2028, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Panama.

(b)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheading 9919.04.51 through 9919.04.58 in any
calendar year shall not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

10/31/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019

Quantity
(Metric tons)

79
83
87
91
96
101
106
111

Year

2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027

Quantity
(Metric tons)

116
122
128
135
141
149
156
164

Beginning in calendar year 2028, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Panama. Unless
earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9919.04.50 through 9919.04.68, any intervening text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2028.

7.

(a)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheading 9919.21.10 in any calendar year shall
not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

10/31/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(Metric tons)

1,590
1,685
1,787
1,894
2,007
2,128
2,255

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025

Quantity
(Metric Tons)

2,391
2,534
2,686
2,847
3,018
3,199
3,391

Beginning in calendar year 2026, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Panama.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XIX - 4
U.S. Notes (con.)

(b)

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Panama entered under subheading 9919.21.11 in any calendar year shall
not exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

10/31/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018

Quantity
(Metric tons)

239
253
268
284
301
319
338

Year

2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025

Quantity
(Metric Tons)

359
380
403
427
453
480
509

Beginning in calendar year 2026, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Panama. Unless
earlier modified or terminated, this note, subheadings 9919.21.10 through 9919.21.12, any intervening text and the immediate
superior text thereto shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at the close of December 31, 2026.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XIX - 5

2

Goods of Panama, under the terms of general note 35 to the
tariff schedule:

Goods provided for in subheading 0201.10.50, 0201.20.80,
0201.30.80, 0202.10.50, 0202.20.80 or 0202.30.80:

9919.02.01

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
3 to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

9919.02.02

1/

Other.................................................................................

1/

9919.04.10

1/

9919.04.11

9919.04.12

1/

1/

9919.04.13

1/

9919.04.14

1/

9919.04.40

1/

9919.04.41

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70, 0402.91.90,
0402.99.45 or 0402.99.55:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
4(a) to this subchapter....................................................
Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note 4(b)
to this subchapter:

1/

Goods provided for in subheading:

0402.91.70 or 0402.91.90 ......................................

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.45 or
0402.99.55 ...............................................................

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.91.70 or
0402.91.90 ...............................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.45 or
0402.99.55 ...............................................................
Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.08, 0406.10.88,
0406.20.91, 0406.30.91 or 0406.90.97:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
5(a) to this subchapter ...................................................

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
5(b) to this subchapter ...................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9919.04.42

1/

Other.................................................................................

1/

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

7.8¢/kg (PA)

12.4¢/kg (PA)

19.5¢/kg (PA)

31¢/kg (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XIX - 6

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods of Panama, under the terms of general note 35 to the
tariff schedule: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18, 0406.10.28,
0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58, 0406.10.68,
0406.10.78, 0406.20.28, 0406.20.33, 0406.20.39,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.53, 0406.20.63, 0406.20.67,
0406.20.71, 0406.20.75, 0406.20.79, 0406.20.83,
0406.20.87, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.38,
0406.30.48, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67,
0406.30.79, 0406.30.83, 0406.30.71, 0406.30.75,
0406.30.87, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12, 0406.90.18,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42, 0406.90.48,
0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90.74, 0406.90.78,
0406.90.84, 0406.90.88, 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94, or
1901.90.36:

9919.04.50

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
6(a) to this subchapter....................................................

1/

Free (PA)

9919.04.51

1/

9919.04.52

1/

9919.04.53

1/

9919.04.54

1/

9919.04.55

1/

9919.04.56

1/

9919.04.57

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
6(b) to this subchapter:

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18,
0406.20.28, 0406.20.63, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.63,
0406.40.70 or 0406.90.74.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.28,
0406.20.33, 0406.20.67, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.67,
0406.90.12 or 0406.90.78.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.38,
0406.20.39, 0406.20.71, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.71,
0406.90.54 or 0406.90.84.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.48,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.75, 0406.30.48, 0406.30.75,
0406.90.18 or 0406.90.88.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.58,
0406.20.53, 0406.20.79, 0406.30.79, 0406.90.32,
0406.90.37, 0406.90.42 or 0406.90.68.................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.68,
0406.20.83, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.83 or
0406.90.92................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.78,
0406.20.87, 0406.30.87, 0406.90.94 or
1901.90.36................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9919.04.58

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.48......

1/

56.7¢/kg (PA)

30.7¢/kg (PA)

26.4¢/kg (PA)

45.1¢/kg (PA)

53.7¢/kg (PA)

34.7¢/kg (PA)

28.2¢/kg (PA)

46.9¢/kg (PA)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XIX - 7

2

Goods of Panama, under the terms of general note 35 to the
tariff schedule: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18, 0406.10.28,
0406.10.38, 0406.10.48, 0406.10.58, 0406.10.68,
0406.10.78, 0406.20.28, 0406.20.33, 0406.20.39,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.53, 0406.20.63, 0406.20.67,
0406.20.71, 0406.20.75, 0406.20.79, 0406.20.83,
0406.20.87, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.28, 0406.30.38,
0406.30.48, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.63, 0406.30.67,
0406.30.79, 0406.30.83, 0406.30.71, 0406.30.75,
0406.30.87, 0406.40.70, 0406.90.12, 0406.90.18,
0406.90.32, 0406.90.37, 0406.90.42, 0406.90.48,
0406.90.54, 0406.90.68, 0406.90.74, 0406.90.78,
0406.90.84, 0406.90.88, 0406.90.92, 0406.90.94, or
1901.90.36: (con.)

Other:

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.18,
0406.20.28, 0406.20.63, 0406.30.18, 0406.30.63,
0406.40.70 or 0406.90.74.......................................

0406.10.28, 0406.20.33, 0406.20.67, 0406.30.28,
0406.30.67, 0406.90.12 or 0406.90.78 ................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.38,
0406.20.39, 0406.20.71, 0406.30.38, 0406.30.71,
0406.90.54 or 0406.90.84.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.48,
0406.20.48, 0406.20.75, 0406.30.48, 0406.30.75,
0406.90.18 or 0406.90.88.......................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.58,
0406.20.53, 0406.20.79, 0406.30.79, 0406.90.32,
0406.90.37, 0406.90.42 or 0406.90.68.................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.68,
0406.20.83, 0406.30.53, 0406.30.83 or
0406.90.92................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.10.78,
0406.20.87, 0406.30.87, 0406.90.94 or
1901.90.36................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0406.90.48......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2105.00.20:

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
7(a) to this subchapter....................................................

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
7(b) to this subchapter....................................................

1/

1/

9919.04.61

1/

9919.04.62

1/

9919.04.63

1/

9919.04.64

1/

9919.04.65

1/

9919.04.66

1/

9919.04.67

1/

9919.04.68

9919.21.10

1/

1/

9919.21.11

1/

9919.21.12

1/

Other.................................................................................

1/

9919.61.01

1/

9919.61.02

1/

9919.61.03

1/

9919.61.04

1/

Goods provided for in subheadings 6111.20.60,
6111.30.50, or 6111.90.50:

Goods other than babiesʼ socks and booties currently
provided for in 6111.20.60, 6111.30.50, or
6111.90.50.......................................................................

Babiesʼ socks and booties provided for in subheading
6111.20.60 ......................................................................

Babiesʼ socks and booties provided for in subheading
6111.30.50 ......................................................................

Babiesʼ socks and booties provided for in subheading
6111.90.50 ......................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

$1.41/kg (PA)

76.7¢/kg (PA)

65.9¢/kg (PA)

$1.12/kg (PA)

$1.34/kg (PA)

86.6¢/kg (PA)

70.5¢/kg (PA)

$1.17/kg (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

XXII
99 - XIX - 8

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9919.61.05

9919.61.06

9919.61.07

9919.61.08

9919.61.09

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9919.61.10

1/

9919.61.11

9919.61.12

1/

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods of Panama, under the terms of general note 35 to the
tariff schedule: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheadings 6115.94.00,
6115.95.60, 6115.95.90, 6115.96.60, 6115.96.90
6115.99.14, 6115.99.19, 6115.99.40, 6115.99.90:

Goods other than socks..................................................

1/

Socks provided for in subheading 6115.94.00............

1/

Socks provided for in subheading 6115.95.60............

1/

Socks provided for in subheadings 6115.95.90..........

1/

Socks provided for in subheading 6115.96.60 or
6115.99.14.......................................................................

Socks provided for in subheadings 6115.96.90 : or
6115.99.19.......................................................................

1/

1/

Socks provided for in subheading 6115.99.40............

1/

Socks provided for in subheading 6115.99.90............

1/

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

Free (PA)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XX

MODIFICATIONS ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
THE UNITED STATES-KOREA TRADE PROMOTION AGREEMENT

XXII
99-XX-1

U.S. Notes

1.

2.

This subchapter contains modifications of the provisions of the tariff schedule established pursuant to the United States-Korea
Free Trade Agreement. Goods of Korea, under the terms of general note 33 to the tariff schedule, entered and described in
any of subheadings 9920.04.10 through 9920.85.02 of this subchapter for which a rate of duty followed by the symbol "(KR)"
is herein provided, are subject to duty at the rate set forth in this subchapter in lieu of the rate provided in chapters 1 through
97. For purposes of this subchapter, notwithstanding any other provisions of the tariff schedule, the term "goods of Korea,
under the terms of general note 33 to the tariff schedule" means goods of Korea that satisfy the requirements of general note
33 to the tariff schedule, except that operations performed in, or material obtained from, the United States shall be considered
as if the operations were performed in, and the material was obtained from, a country that is not a party to the Agreement as
defined in general note 33 to the tariff schedule. Such goods of Korea entered into the United States under the provisions of
subheadings 9920.04.10 through 9920.85.02 are not subject to any of the provisions, duties or limitations of subchapter IV of
chapter 99 of the tariff schedule. Unless otherwise provided, the provisions of this subchapter are effective as to such goods
of Korea, under general note 33 to the tariff schedule, entered through the close of December 31, 2026 and shall be deleted
from the tariff schedule at the close of such date.

Whenever goods are classifiable under a provision for which the modification of the applicable United States-Korea Free Trade
Agreement rate of duty is provided for in a subheading in this subchapter, the reporting number, in the absence of specific
instructions to the contrary, shall be the appropriate statistical reporting number for the basic provision (the appropriate provision
for classification purposes in chapters 1 through 97) preceded by the subheading number of this subchapter. For statistical
purposes, both the basic provision statistical reporting number and the applicable subheading number from this subchapter
shall be collected by the United States Bureau of Census.

3.

The aggregate quantity of originating goods of Korea entered under subheading 9920.04.10 in any calendar year shall not
exceed the quantity specified below for that year.

Year

3/15/2012-
12/31/2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

Quantity
(Metric tons)

300
309
318
328
338

Year

2017
2018
2019
2020

Quantity
(Metric Tons)

348
358
369
380

Beginning in calendar year 2021, quantitative limitations shall cease to apply to such originating goods of Korea. Unless earlier
modified or terminated, this note and subheadings 9920.04.10 through 9920.04.30 shall be deleted from the tariff schedule at
the close of December 31, 2021.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXII
99 - XX - 2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods of Korea, under the terms of general note 33 to the tariff
schedule:

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50, 0402.99.90,
0403.20.50, 0403.90.95, 0404.10.15, 0404.90.50,
0405.20.70, 1517.90.60, 1704.90.58, 1806.20.82,
1806.20.83, 1806.32.70, 1806.32.80, 1806.90.08,
1806.90.10, 1901.10.26, 1901.10.44, 1901.10.56,
1901.10.60, 1901.20.15, 1901.20.50, 1901.90.62,
1901.90.65, 2105.00.40, 2106.90.09, 2106.90.66,
2106.90.87 or 2202.99.28:

9920.04.10

1/

Subject to the quantitative limits specified in U.S. note
3 to this subchapter.........................................................

1/

Other:

9920.04.11

9920.04.12

9920.04.13

9920.04.14

9920.04.15

9920.04.16

9920.04.17

9920.04.18

9920.04.19

9920.04.20

9920.04.21

9920.04.22

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

9920.04.23

1/

9920.04.24

1/

9920.04.25

1/

9920.04.26

1/

9920.04.27

9920.04.28

9920.04.29

9920.04.30

9920.38.01

9920.38.02

9920.85.01

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.29.50......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0402.99.90......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.20.50......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0403.90.95......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0404.10.15......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0404.90.50......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 0405.20.70 or
2106.90.66................................................................

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1517.90.60......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1704.90.58......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.82......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.20.83......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.70 or
1806.90.08................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1806.32.80 or
1806.90.10................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.26 or
1901.10.44................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.20.15 or
1901.20.50................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1901.10.56,
1901.10.60, 1901.90.62 or 1901.90.65.................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2105.00.40......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.09......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2106.90.87......

1/

Goods provided for in subheading 2202.99.28......

1/

Goods provided in subheading 3824.71.01:

Perhalogenated with both fluorine and chlorine, but
not with any other halogens...........................................

1/

Other.................................................................................

1/

Goods provided in subheading 8544.42.90:

Insulated electric conductors, for a voltage not
exceeding 80 V, fitted with connectors.........................

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Free (KR)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

Goods of Korea, under the terms of general note 33 to the tariff
schedule: (con.)
Goods provided in subheading 8544.42.90: (con.)

9920.85.02

1/

Insulated electric conductors, for a voltage exceeding
80 V but not exceeding 1,000 V, fitted with
connectors........................................................................

1/

Free (KR)

XXII
99 - XX - 3

2

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XXI

TRADE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND JAPAN

1.

The provisions of this subchapter contain modifications of the provisions of the tariff schedule established pursuant to the
Trade Agreement between the United States and Japan, entered under the terms of general note 36 to the tariff schedule
and described in subheadings 9921.01.01 through 9921.01.02, inclusive, in this subchapter. Unless otherwise expressly
indicated herein, such subheadings apply to goods of Japan, under the terms of general note 36 to the tariff schedule for
which a rate of duty followed by the symbol “(JP)” is herein provided. Originating goods of Japan described in such
subheadings and entered into the customs territory of the United States shall be subject to duty as provided herein in lieu
of the duty rates otherwise set forth in the tariff schedule.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

XXI
99 - XXI - 2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9921.01.01

9921.01.02

1/

1/

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Parts of air conditioning machines of heading 8415 (provided
[for] in subheading 8415.90.80), including parts of those
machines in which the humidity cannot be separately controlled:
Of automotive air conditioners..............................................

1/

Other........................................................................................

1/

1.4% (JP)

Free (JP)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SUBCHAPTER XXII

UNITED STATES-MEXICO-CANADA FREE TRADE AGREEMENT

1.

2.

(a)

(b)

(a)

(b)

Peanuts and peanut-related goods.-- This note and subheadings 9922.01.01 through 9922.01.12 are effective as to
originating goods of USMCA countries eligible for special tariff treatment under the terms of general note 11 to the
tariff schedule provided for in subheadings 1202.30.80, 1202.41.80, 1202.42.20, 1202.42.90, 2008.11.15 or 2008.11.61
during the period from July 01, 2020 through the close of December 31, 2024.

Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether
the good is marked, and goods of the United States shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under
subheading 9922.01.01, 9922.01.03, 9922.01.05, 9922.01.07, 9922.01.09 or 9922.01.11 during the period specified
in this note.

Goods of Canada that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether
the goods is marked, shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9922.01.02, 9922.01.04,
9922.01.06, 9922.01.08, 9922.01.10 or 9922.01.12 during the period specified in this note.

Cotton and cotton-related goods.--This note and subheadings 9922.52.01 through 9922.52.12 are effective as to
originating goods of the parties to the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement classified in the permanent subheadings
5201.00.18, 5201.00.28, 5201.00.38, 5201.00.80, 5202.99.30 or 5203.00.30 entered under the terms of general note
11 to this tariff schedule on or after July 01, 2020 through the close of December 31, 2024.

Goods of Mexico that qualify to be marked as a good of Mexico pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether
the good is marked, and goods of the United States entered under the terms of general note 11 shall be eligible
for USMCA tariff treatment only under subheading 9922.52.01, 9922.52.03, 9922.52.05, 9922.52.07, 9922.52.09
or 9922.52.11 during the period specified in this note.

Goods of Canada entered under the terms of general note 11 and that qualify to be marked as a good of Canada
pursuant to U.S. law, without regard to whether the good is marked, shall be eligible for USMCA tariff treatment
only under subheading 9922.52.02, 9922.52.04, 9922.52.06, 9922.52.08, 9922.52.10 or 9922.52.12 during the
period specified in this note.

XXII
99 - XXII - 2

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9922.01.01

1/

9922.01.02

1/

9922.01.03

1/

9922.01.04

1/

9922.01.05

1/

9922.01.06

1/

9922.01.07

1/

9922.01.08

1/

9922.01.09

1/

9922.01.10

1/

9922.01.11

1/

9922.01.12

1/

9922.52.01

1/

9922.52.02

1/

9922.52.03

1/

9922.52.04

1/

9922.52.05

1/

9922.52.06

1/

9922.52.07

1/

9922.52.08

1/

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

2

General

Special

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement in general note 11:

Goods provided for in subheading 1202.30.80:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 1(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 1(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1202.41.80:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 1(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 1(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1202.42.90:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 1(A) to this subchapter.................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 1(b) to
thissubchapter

Goods provided for in subheading 2008.11.15:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 1(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 1(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 1202.42.20:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 1(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 1(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 2008.11.61:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 1(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 1(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 5201.00.18:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 2(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 2(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 5201.00.28:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 2(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 2(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 5201.00.38:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 2(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 2(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 5201.00.80:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 2(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 2(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free (S+)

22% (S+)

Free (S+)

27.3% (S+)

Free (S+)

1/

22% (S+)

Free (S+)

22% (S+)

Free (S+)

22% (S+)

Free (S+)

22% (S+)

Free (S+)

5.2¢/kg (S+)

Free (S+)

5.2¢/kg (S+)

Free (S+)

5.2¢/kg (S+)

Free (S+)

5.2¢/kg (S+)

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Article Description

Unit
of
Quantity

Rates of Duty
Rates of Duty

1
1

General

Special

XXII
99 - XXII - 3

2

Goods entered under the provisions of the US-Mexico-Canada
Agreement in general note 11: (con.)

Goods provided for in subheading 5202.99.30:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 2(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 2(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

Goods provided for in subheading 5203.00.30:

Goods of Mexico or goods of the United States
provided for in note 2(a) to this subchapter..................

Goods of Canada provided for in note 2(b) to this
subchapter.......................................................................

1/

1/

1/

1/

Free (S+)

1.3¢/kg (S+)

Free (S+)

5.2¢/kg (S+)

Heading/
Subheading

Stat.
Suf-
fix

9922.52.09

1/

9922.52.10

1/

9922.52.11

1/

9922.52.12

1/

1/ See chapter 99 statistical note 1.

Note: The shaded areas indicate the provision has expired

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

SPECIAL STATISTICAL REPORTING NUMBERS

99-SSRN

Statistical
Reporting
Number

Provision

SALVAGE

9999.00.2000

When a vessel has been sunk for 2 years in territorial waters of the United States and has been
abandoned by its owner, any dutiable merchandise recovered therefrom may be brought into the
nearest port free of duty under the authority of section 310 of the Tariff Act of 1930.

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS

9999.00.84

Goods imported from Singapore and treated as originating goods under general note 25(m) for
purposes of the U.S.-Singapore Free Trade Agreement.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE HARMONIZED TARIFF SCHEDULE  1/

1/ Most of the products listed in the Chemical Appendix are identified only by the applicable Chemical Abstracts Service (C.A.S.) registry
number. The C.A.S. registry numbers applicable to imported chemicals and products may be obtained from USITC Publication 1073 --
Chemicals and Products Provided for in the Chemical Appendix to the Tariff Schedules of the United States.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

2
Chemical Appendix Note

1. This appendix enumerates those chemicals and products which the President has determined were imported into the United States before
January 1, 1978, or were produced in the United States before May 1, 1978. For convenience, the listed articles are described (1) by reference
to their registry number with the Chemical Abstracts Service (C.A.S.) of the American Chemical Society, where available, or (2) by reference
to their common chemical name or trade name where the C.A.S. registry number is not available. For the purpose of the tariff schedule, any
reference to a product provided for in this appendix includes such products listed herein, by whatever name known.

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

3

50-29-3
50-32-8
50-34-0
50-42-0
50-52-2
50-58-8
50-63-5
50-84-0
51-12-7
51-17-2
51-30-9
51-40-1
51-42-3
51-43-4
51-44-5
51-56-9
51-57-0
51-60-5
51-61-6
51-63-8
51-64-9
51-65-0
51-78-5
52-49-3
52-85-7
53-46-3
53-57-6
53-70-3
53-84-9
54-36-4
54-42-2
54-85-3
54-95-5
55-06-1
55-10-7
55-21-0
55-38-9
55-80-1
55-81-2
56-33-7
56-37-1
56-38-2
56-49-5
56-55-3
56-65-5
56-72-4
56-93-9
57-37-4
57-50-1
57-62-5
57-66-9
57-74-9
57-97-6
58-14-0
58-15-1
58-25-3
58-27-5
58-28-6
58-38-8
58-39-9
58-54-8

58-64-0
58-68-4
58-72-0
58-74-2
58-89-9
58-94-6
58-95-7
59-05-2
59-06-3
59-26-7
59-30-3
59-31-4
59-33-6
59-42-7
59-47-2
59-50-7
59-63-2
59-92-7
60-11-7
60-13-9
60-18-4
60-19-5
60-32-2
60-57-1
61-16-5
61-25-6
61-31-4
61-73-4
61-96-1
62-23-7
62-31-7
62-38-4
62-97-5
63-25-2
63-45-6
63-56-9
64-04-0
64-10-8
65-28-1
65-29-2
65-47-4
65-49-6
65-71-4
66-22-8
66-71-7
66-76-2
67-92-5
68-01-9
68-34-8
69-09-0
69-44-3
69-72-7
69-89-6
70-30-4
70-55-3
70-69-9
71-81-8
72-20-8
72-43-5
72-48-0
72-57-1

72-69-5
72-80-0
73-05-2
73-22-3
73-24-5
73-48-3
73-49-4
74-11-3
74-31-7
74-39-5
76-44-8
76-51-7
76-54-0
76-60-8
76-61-9
76-62-0
76-67-5
76-86-8
76-87-9
76-90-4
77-08-7
77-36-1
77-52-1
77-83-8
78-04-6
78-27-3
78-37-5
79-01-6
79-88-9
79-93-6
79-94-7
79-95-8
79-98-1
80-00-2
80-04-6
80-07-9
80-08-0
80-10-4
80-11-5
80-15-9
80-18-2
80-19-3
80-20-6
80-22-8
80-23-9
80-32-0
80-33-1
80-35-3
80-40-0
80-43-3
80-49-9
80-51-3
80-74-0
80-77-3
80-81-9
81-03-8
81-06-1
81-08-3
81-12-9
81-16-3
81-19-6

81-20-9
81-26-5
81-30-1
81-32-3
81-39-0
81-41-4
81-42-5
81-44-7
81-46-9
81-49-2
81-56-1
81-63-0
81-68-5
81-71-0
81-73-2
81-75-4
81-77-6
81-78-7
81-81-2
81-85-6
81-88-9
81-90-3
81-94-7
82-07-5
82-14-4
82-15-5
82-16-6
82-18-8
82-19-9
82-20-2
82-24-6
82-27-9
82-31-5
82-33-7
82-37-1
82-38-2
82-45-1
82-66-6
82-71-3
82-81-5
82-87-1
83-08-9
83-13-6
83-18-1
83-23-8
83-31-8
83-32-9
83-34-1
83-41-0
83-42-1
83-53-4
83-70-5
83-81-8
84-15-1
84-22-0
84-23-1
84-46-8
84-57-1
84-58-2
84-59-3
84-69-5

84-77-5
84-80-0
84-83-3
84-86-6
84-92-4
84-94-6
85-01-8
85-04-1
85-07-4
85-08-5
85-09-6
85-15-4
85-22-3
85-34-7
85-40-5
85-42-7
85-43-8
85-45-0
85-47-2
85-48-3
85-52-9
85-54-1
85-55-2
85-56-3
85-57-4
85-67-6
85-72-3
85-73-4
85-75-6
85-77-8
85-81-4
85-83-6
85-85-8
85-91-6
85-98-3
86-15-7
86-16-8
86-20-4
86-25-9
86-26-0
86-29-3
86-30-6
86-42-0
86-45-3
86-49-7
86-50-0
86-52-2
86-53-3
86-56-6
86-61-3
86-63-5
86-72-6
86-75-9
86-76-0
86-86-2
86-87-3
86-88-4
86-95-3
86-98-6
86-99-7
87-00-3

87-01-4
87-02-5
87-03-6
87-05-8
87-08-1
87-10-5
87-12-7
87-17-2
87-18-3
87-19-4
87-20-7
87-22-9
87-25-2
87-29-6
87-32-1
87-41-2
87-52-5
87-61-6
87-62-7
87-65-0
87-82-1
87-83-2
87-87-6
88-04-0
88-16-4
88-17-5
88-22-2
88-23-3
88-27-7
88-34-6
88-39-1
88-40-4
88-42-6
88-44-8
88-45-9
88-49-3
88-50-6
88-51-7
88-52-8
88-53-9
88-56-2
88-61-9
88-63-1
88-64-2
88-66-4
88-67-5
88-68-6
88-74-4
88-82-4
88-85-7
88-87-9
88-89-1
88-90-4
88-95-9
88-96-0
88-97-1
88-98-2
89-02-1
89-07-6
89-08-7
89-13-4

89-20-3
89-24-7
89-26-9
89-27-0
89-28-1
89-29-2
89-30-5
89-32-7
89-33-8
89-36-1
89-39-4
89-43-0
89-52-1
89-55-4
89-57-6
89-59-8
89-60-1
89-61-2
89-62-3
89-63-4
89-68-9
89-69-0
89-71-4
89-75-8
89-80-5
89-83-8
89-84-9
89-86-1
89-87-2
89-93-0
89-97-4
89-99-6
90-11-9
90-12-0
90-13-1
90-16-4
90-17-5
90-25-5
90-30-2
90-33-5
90-40-4
90-43-7
90-45-9
90-51-7
90-55-1
90-68-6
90-72-2
90-87-9
90-93-7
90-94-8
90-99-3
91-02-1
91-06-5
91-08-7
91-10-1
91-13-4
91-16-7
91-17-8
91-19-0
91-22-5
91-23-6

91-28-1
91-29-2
91-31-6
91-33-8
91-34-9
91-36-1
91-43-0
91-44-1
91-45-2
91-50-9
91-51-0
91-55-4
91-56-5
91-57-6
91-58-7
91-59-8
91-61-2
91-62-3
91-63-4
91-65-6
91-66-7
91-67-8
91-72-5
91-73-6
91-76-9
91-78-1
91-80-5
91-81-6
91-84-9
91-87-2
91-88-3
91-90-7
91-91-8
91-93-0
91-94-1
91-98-5
91-99-6
92-00-2
92-02-4
92-04-6
92-06-8
92-09-1
92-11-5
92-12-6
92-14-8
92-17-1
92-18-2
92-24-0
92-26-2
92-27-3
92-31-9
92-36-4
92-39-7
92-41-1
92-43-3
92-49-9
92-50-2
92-56-8
92-59-1
92-60-4
92-63-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

94-02-0
94-11-1
94-13-3
94-18-8
94-20-2
94-21-3
94-26-8
94-30-4
94-31-5
94-33-7
94-34-8
94-36-0
94-38-2
94-43-9
94-44-0
94-46-2
94-47-3
94-48-4
94-53-1
94-57-5
94-62-2
94-64-4
94-69-9
94-70-2
94-74-6
94-75-7
94-79-1
94-80-4
94-82-6
94-84-8
94-86-0
94-87-1
94-89-3
94-91-7
94-92-8
94-93-9
94-98-4
94-99-5
95-00-1
95-13-6
95-14-7
95-16-9
95-20-5
95-21-6
95-23-8
95-24-9
95-25-0
95-26-1
95-29-4
95-31-8
95-33-0
95-46-5
95-49-8
95-51-2
95-52-3
95-53-4
95-55-6
95-56-7
95-57-8
95-72-7
95-73-8

95-74-9
95-75-0
95-76-1
95-83-0
95-94-3
96-41-3
96-59-3
96-62-8
96-72-0
96-73-1
96-74-2
96-75-3
96-77-5
96-78-6
96-83-3
96-96-8
96-97-9
96-98-0
97-00-7
97-02-9
97-04-1
97-08-5
97-09-6
97-17-6
97-18-7
97-22-3
97-23-4
97-32-5
97-35-8
97-42-7
97-43-8
97-46-1
97-47-2
97-50-7
97-52-9
97-53-0
97-54-1
97-56-3
97-60-9
98-05-5
98-08-8
98-09-9
98-11-3
98-13-5
98-16-8
98-21-5
98-28-2
98-30-6
98-31-7
98-32-8
98-33-9
98-34-0
98-35-1
98-36-2
98-37-3
98-40-8
98-43-1
98-44-2
98-47-5
98-48-6
98-49-7

98-50-0
98-52-2
98-53-3
98-56-6
98-60-2
98-61-3
98-62-4
98-64-6
98-66-8
98-67-9
98-69-1
98-72-6
98-73-7
98-81-7
98-87-3
98-94-2
98-95-3
99-04-7
99-11-6
99-24-1
99-26-3
99-27-4
99-28-5
99-29-6
99-30-9
99-31-0
99-33-2
99-34-3
99-36-5
99-55-8
99-56-9
99-59-2
99-60-5
99-63-8
99-64-9
99-72-9
99-75-2
99-76-3
99-79-6
99-80-9
99-90-1
99-94-5
99-98-9
100-01-6
100-03-8
100-04-9
100-05-0
100-07-2
100-11-8
100-15-2
100-17-4
100-20-9
100-22-1
100-23-2
100-25-4
100-29-8
100-39-0
100-43-6
100-46-9
100-48-1
100-50-5

100-54-9
100-55-0
100-56-1
100-60-7
100-62-9
100-64-1
100-65-2
100-66-3
100-69-6
100-70-9
100-71-0
100-76-5
100-81-2
100-82-3
100-84-5
100-86-7
100-87-8
100-88-9
100-92-5
100-93-6
100-94-7
101-06-4
101-09-7
101-10-0
101-11-1
101-12-2
101-15-5
101-17-7
101-18-8
101-20-2
101-23-5
101-24-6
101-26-8
101-27-9
101-39-3
101-41-7
101-42-8
101-49-5
101-51-9
101-52-0
101-54-2
101-55-3
101-56-4
101-57-5
101-61-1
101-63-3
101-64-4
101-65-5
101-67-7
101-68-8
101-70-2
101-72-4
101-73-5
101-74-6
101-75-7
101-76-8
101-79-1
101-80-4
101-81-5
101-82-6
101-83-7

101-84-8
101-87-1
101-91-7
101-94-0
101-96-2
101-97-3
101-98-4
101-99-5
102-01-2
102-04-5
102-05-6
102-11-4
102-13-6
102-16-9
102-17-0
102-18-1
102-19-2
102-20-5
102-22-7
102-23-8
102-27-2
102-28-3
102-29-4
102-36-3
102-40-9
102-42-1
102-47-6
102-48-7
102-49-8
102-56-7
102-63-6
102-77-2
102-78-3
102-92-1
102-96-5
102-97-6
102-98-7
103-01-5
103-03-7
103-05-9
103-06-0
103-07-1
103-18-4
103-19-5
103-21-9
103-25-3
103-26-4
103-28-6
103-31-1
103-32-2
103-33-3
103-36-6
103-37-7
103-38-8
103-41-3
103-45-7
103-46-8
103-48-0
103-49-1
103-50-4
103-52-6

103-53-7
103-54-8
103-55-9
103-56-0
103-58-2
103-59-3
103-60-6
103-61-7
103-62-8
103-63-9
103-64-0
103-67-3
103-68-4
103-69-5
103-70-8
103-71-9
103-80-0
103-81-1
103-83-3
103-84-4
103-88-8
103-89-9
103-90-2
103-92-4
103-93-5
103-94-6
103-96-8
103-98-0
103-99-1
104-01-8
104-04-1
104-09-6
104-10-9
104-11-0
104-12-1
104-13-2
104-20-1
104-21-2
104-23-4
104-24-5
104-27-8
104-28-9
104-29-4
104-31-4
104-36-9
104-38-1
104-39-2
104-45-0
104-47-2
104-48-3
104-49-4
104-54-1
104-57-4
104-62-1
104-63-2
104-64-3
104-65-4
104-66-5
104-68-7
104-69-8
104-71-2

104-81-4
104-82-5
104-83-6
104-84-7
104-86-9
104-91-6
104-92-7
104-93-8
105-07-7
105-08-8
105-12-4
105-13-5
105-52-2
105-75-9
105-76-0
106-37-6
106-38-7
106-40-1
106-43-4
106-47-8
106-48-9
106-50-3
106-53-6
106-87-6
108-26-9
108-30-5
108-33-8
108-37-2
108-40-7
108-41-8
108-42-9
108-44-1
108-58-7
108-69-0
108-71-4
108-72-5
108-77-0
108-86-1
108-87-2
108-91-8
108-93-0
109-00-2
109-04-6
109-09-1
110-15-6
110-16-7
110-83-8
110-89-4
111-49-9
113-59-7
114-26-1
114-63-6
114-70-5
114-80-7
114-91-0
115-29-7
115-32-2
115-37-7
115-39-9
115-40-2
115-41-3

4
92-64-8
92-65-9
92-66-0
92-70-6
92-71-7
92-80-8
92-82-0
92-83-1
92-84-2
92-85-3
92-86-4
92-87-5
92-89-7
92-92-2
92-94-4
92-99-9
93-00-5
93-01-6
93-04-9
93-07-2
93-08-3
93-09-4
93-10-7
93-11-8
93-13-0
93-15-2
93-16-3
93-17-4
93-18-5
93-19-6
93-21-0
93-26-5
93-27-6
93-28-7
93-29-8
93-34-5
93-37-8
93-40-3
93-43-6
93-45-8
93-46-9
93-48-1
93-50-5
93-51-6
93-52-7
93-53-8
93-58-3
93-64-1
93-69-6
93-70-9
93-72-1
93-76-5
93-79-8
93-84-5
93-85-6
93-89-0
93-90-3
93-92-5
93-94-7
93-99-2
94-01-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

5

115-51-5
115-63-9
115-64-0
115-78-6
115-93-5
116-22-3
116-29-0
116-31-4
116-43-8
116-49-4
116-70-1
116-71-2
116-72-3
116-73-4
116-74-5
116-76-7
116-79-0
116-81-4
116-82-5
116-85-8
116-88-1
116-89-2
116-90-5
116-98-3
117-01-1
117-03-3
117-08-8
117-09-9
117-11-3
117-18-0
117-22-6
117-23-7
117-26-0
117-27-1
117-32-8
117-33-9
117-34-0
117-37-3
117-42-0
117-44-2
117-45-3
117-46-4
117-55-5
117-57-7
117-59-9
117-61-3
117-62-4
117-69-1
117-71-5
117-76-0
117-86-2
117-88-4
117-92-0
117-93-1
117-98-6
118-04-7
118-07-0
118-12-7
118-20-7
118-31-0
118-32-1

118-33-2
118-41-2
118-42-3
118-46-7
118-48-9
118-55-8
118-56-9
118-58-1
118-60-5
118-61-6
118-69-4
118-72-9
118-74-1
118-79-6
118-83-2
118-88-7
118-90-1
118-91-2
118-92-3
118-96-7
119-10-8
119-13-1
119-15-3
119-17-5
119-19-7
119-21-1
119-27-7
119-33-5
119-34-6
119-39-1
119-40-4
119-43-7
119-56-2
119-64-2
119-67-5
119-68-6
119-72-2
119-74-4
119-76-6
119-77-7
119-81-3
119-84-6
119-90-4
119-92-6
119-97-1
120-07-0
120-11-6
120-15-0
120-18-3
120-21-8
120-22-9
120-23-0
120-32-1
120-35-4
120-39-8
120-42-3
120-45-6
120-47-8
120-50-3
120-56-9
120-66-1

120-70-7
120-71-8
120-72-9
120-75-2
120-83-2
120-92-3
120-97-8
120-98-9
121-00-6
121-02-8
121-04-0
121-17-5
121-18-6
121-19-7
121-25-5
121-34-6
121-39-1
121-47-1
121-48-2
121-51-7
121-53-9
121-57-3
121-58-4
121-59-5
121-61-9
121-62-0
121-63-1
121-72-2
121-75-5
121-78-8
121-79-9
121-81-3
121-86-8
121-87-9
121-90-4
121-92-6
121-95-9
121-98-2
122-01-0
122-09-8
122-11-2
122-16-7
122-18-9
122-28-1
122-35-0
122-37-2
122-39-4
122-42-9
122-43-0
122-46-3
122-48-5
122-59-8
122-63-4
122-65-6
122-68-9
122-69-0
122-70-3
122-71-4
122-72-5
122-73-6
122-74-7

122-79-2
122-80-5
122-84-9
122-87-2
122-91-8
122-94-1
122-95-2
122-97-4
122-98-5
122-99-6
123-03-5
123-30-8
123-33-1
123-61-5
125-20-2
125-31-5
125-46-2
125-51-9
125-52-0
125-66-6
125-69-9
125-86-0
125-93-9
125-99-5
126-02-3
126-14-7
126-15-8
126-64-7
126-81-8
127-23-1
127-24-2
127-25-3
127-57-1
127-58-2
127-68-4
127-71-9
127-73-1
127-75-3
127-85-5
128-44-9
128-58-5
128-67-6
128-69-8
128-70-1
128-79-0
128-80-3
128-82-5
128-83-6
128-85-8
128-86-9
128-87-0
128-88-1
128-89-2
128-90-5
128-93-8
128-94-9
128-95-0
128-97-2
129-09-9
129-16-8
129-22-6

129-28-2
129-29-3
129-30-6
129-42-0
129-44-2
129-54-4
129-56-6
129-63-5
129-67-9
129-73-7
129-74-8
129-77-1
129-90-8
130-00-7
130-14-3
130-17-6
130-18-7
130-20-1
130-22-3
130-24-5
130-34-7
130-37-0
130-85-8
131-13-5
131-14-6
131-15-7
131-16-8
131-17-9
131-18-0
131-22-6
131-27-1
131-43-1
131-49-7
131-53-3
131-65-7
131-69-1
131-70-4
131-74-8
131-91-9
132-15-0
132-16-1
132-17-2
132-18-3
132-20-7
132-22-9
132-32-1
132-53-6
132-60-5
132-66-1
132-67-2
132-75-2
132-87-6
132-88-7
132-93-4
132-98-9
133-09-5
133-10-8
133-14-2
133-17-5
133-18-6
133-32-4

133-49-3
133-55-1
133-58-4
133-59-5
133-60-8
133-67-5
133-91-5
133-96-0
134-09-8
134-19-0
134-25-8
134-30-5
134-32-7
134-34-9
134-47-4
134-50-9
134-80-5
134-83-8
134-94-1
135-02-4
135-07-9
135-09-1
135-10-4
135-11-5
135-12-6
135-20-6
135-23-9
135-31-9
135-48-8
135-49-9
135-53-5
135-57-9
135-62-6
135-70-6
135-72-8
135-73-9
135-76-2
135-80-8
135-91-1
136-21-0
136-28-7
136-36-7
136-44-7
136-45-8
136-60-7
136-69-6
136-77-6
136-78-7
136-80-1
136-95-8
137-04-2
137-06-4
137-09-7
137-18-8
137-19-9
137-47-3
137-48-4
137-49-5
137-51-9
137-53-1
137-64-4

137-65-5
138-25-0
138-28-3
138-37-4
138-39-6
138-41-0
138-42-1
138-52-3
138-86-3
138-89-6
139-05-9
139-06-0
139-27-5
139-28-6
139-29-7
139-60-6
139-70-8
139-76-4
140-10-3
140-18-1
140-19-2
140-21-6
140-25-0
140-26-1
140-27-2
140-28-3
140-29-4
140-39-6
140-41-0
140-49-8
140-50-1
140-53-4
140-57-8
140-60-3
140-67-0
140-73-8
140-75-0
140-76-1
140-99-8
141-01-5
141-02-6
141-05-9
141-30-0
141-85-5
141-86-6
141-90-2
142-04-1
142-08-5
142-16-5
142-46-1
142-88-1
143-74-8
144-35-4
144-75-2
144-79-6
144-80-9
144-82-1
145-49-3
146-56-5
146-68-9
146-81-6

147-24-0
147-52-4
147-82-0
148-01-6
148-24-3
148-25-4
148-39-0
148-54-9
148-56-1
148-64-1
148-65-2
148-69-6
148-71-0
148-79-8
148-82-3
148-85-6
148-87-8
149-30-4
149-74-6
150-19-6
150-33-4
150-59-4
150-61-8
150-76-5
150-78-7
151-05-3
151-06-4
151-10-0
153-87-7
154-41-6
154-69-8
155-04-4
156-10-5
156-38-7
156-51-4
182-55-8
191-48-0
198-55-0
208-96-8
218-01-9
225-83-2
253-52-1
254-27-3
256-96-2
262-20-4
271-89-6
273-13-2
273-53-0
281-23-2
286-20-4
298-00-0
298-59-9
298-83-9
298-93-1
298-95-3
299-11-6
299-84-3
299-86-5
299-95-6
300-57-2
300-62-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

368-43-4
369-58-4
369-77-7
371-41-5
372-44-1
379-50-0
383-29-9
387-45-1
389-08-2
389-40-2
392-56-3
392-83-6
392-85-8
393-52-2
393-75-9
394-35-4
394-47-8
394-50-3
396-01-0
398-99-2
401-78-5
401-81-0
402-43-7
402-44-8
402-71-1
403-54-3
404-82-0
405-50-5
427-36-1
433-06-7
433-19-2
434-45-7
434-64-0
435-97-2
437-15-0
437-17-2
438-41-5
438-60-8
439-14-5
440-29-9
443-26-5
443-83-4
444-29-1
445-29-4
446-35-5
446-72-0
447-14-3
451-02-5
451-13-8
451-40-1
451-46-7
451-82-1
452-35-7
452-71-1
455-13-0
455-14-1
455-16-3
455-20-9
455-32-3
456-27-9
456-41-7

456-42-8
456-59-7
458-35-5
459-22-3
459-44-9
459-46-1
459-60-9
461-78-9
462-06-6
462-08-8
464-72-2
464-85-7
467-60-7
467-62-9
467-63-0
469-61-4
470-40-6
470-55-3
470-90-6
471-53-4
472-41-3
472-86-6
472-97-9
473-54-1
473-55-2
474-86-2
475-03-6
475-63-8
477-73-6
477-75-8
479-13-0
480-18-2
480-63-7
480-96-6
482-05-3
482-15-5
483-20-5
483-84-1
484-11-7
484-47-9
484-65-1
485-31-4
485-35-8
486-16-8
487-16-1
487-21-8
487-26-3
487-88-7
487-89-8
488-98-2
490-03-9
490-78-8
491-35-0
491-80-5
492-37-5
492-80-8
492-86-4
493-01-6
493-02-7
493-52-7
493-77-6

494-90-6
495-18-1
495-48-7
495-54-5
495-69-2
495-76-1
496-11-7
496-41-3
496-72-0
498-02-2
499-06-9
499-83-2
500-72-1
500-73-2
501-00-8
501-52-0
501-65-5
501-81-5
502-02-3
504-02-9
504-03-0
504-24-5
504-29-0
505-29-3
508-02-1
509-34-2
509-77-3
510-13-4
510-15-6
510-39-4
511-13-7
512-63-0
512-69-6
514-10-3
514-73-8
514-85-2
515-03-7
515-30-0
515-40-2
515-74-2
517-28-2
517-51-1
518-47-8
518-51-4
518-63-8
518-67-2
519-73-3
519-87-9
519-95-9
520-03-6
522-48-5
523-27-3
523-44-4
523-87-5
524-38-9
525-05-3
525-52-0
525-79-1
525-82-6
527-85-5
528-21-2

528-45-0
528-79-0
528-94-9
529-19-1
529-23-7
529-28-2
529-65-7
529-84-0
530-44-9
530-64-3
530-91-6
531-52-2
531-53-3
531-59-9
531-85-1
532-02-5
532-03-6
532-28-5
532-31-0
532-54-7
532-82-1
532-94-5
533-00-6
533-18-6
533-23-3
533-31-3
533-58-4
534-85-0
534-97-4
535-75-1
535-80-8
536-17-4
536-38-9
536-46-9
536-60-7
536-80-1
536-90-3
537-67-7
537-91-7
537-92-8
538-28-3
538-41-0
538-42-1
538-68-1
538-75-0
538-86-3
539-03-7
539-17-3
539-30-0
540-23-8
540-37-4
540-38-5
541-69-5
541-70-8
542-11-0
542-14-3
542-18-7
544-47-8
546-28-1
546-45-2
546-56-5

547-57-9
547-58-0
548-24-3
548-62-9
548-68-5
548-80-1
549-94-0
550-15-2
550-44-7
550-74-3
550-82-3
550-99-2
551-09-7
551-16-6
552-32-9
552-38-5
552-45-4
552-46-5
552-82-9
553-08-2
553-24-2
553-54-8
553-70-8
553-82-2
553-94-6
553-97-9
554-73-4
554-84-7
554-92-7
554-95-0
555-03-3
555-21-5
555-30-6
555-32-8
555-37-3
555-48-6
555-57-7
555-60-2
555-68-0
556-18-3
556-72-9
562-10-7
564-20-5
567-13-5
569-58-4
569-59-5
569-61-9
569-64-2
569-65-3
571-60-8
573-26-2
573-58-0
573-83-1
574-06-1
574-15-2
574-66-3
574-98-1
575-36-0
575-44-0
575-61-1
575-75-7

576-24-9
576-55-6
576-83-0
577-85-5
578-54-1
578-57-4
578-58-5
578-66-5
578-95-0
579-10-2
579-66-8
579-98-6
580-13-2
580-20-1
580-22-3
581-08-8
581-43-1
581-64-6
581-75-9
582-24-1
582-25-2
582-33-2
582-60-5
582-69-4
582-73-0
583-03-9
583-06-2
583-39-1
583-55-1
583-68-6
583-69-7
583-75-5
583-78-8
584-42-9
584-48-5
585-47-7
585-71-7
585-76-2
585-79-5
586-38-9
586-61-8
586-62-9
586-75-4
586-76-5
586-77-6
586-78-7
586-96-9
587-23-5
587-49-5
587-84-8
587-98-4
588-07-8
588-16-9
588-46-5
588-52-3
588-59-0
588-63-6
588-64-7
588-68-1
589-10-6
589-15-1

589-87-7
591-17-3
591-18-4
591-19-5
591-20-8
591-50-4
594-31-0
595-90-4
596-03-2
596-09-8
596-27-0
596-28-1
596-42-9
596-43-0
596-49-6
597-12-6
599-61-1
599-66-6
599-69-9
599-71-3
599-91-7
601-89-8
602-01-7
602-02-8
602-38-0
602-87-9
602-94-8
603-32-7
603-33-8
603-35-0
603-36-1
603-48-5
603-50-9
603-54-3
603-62-3
603-71-4
603-76-9
603-86-1
604-32-0
604-44-4
604-53-5
604-59-1
604-75-1
605-36-7
605-45-8
605-48-1
605-54-9
605-59-4
605-65-2
605-69-6
606-00-8
606-20-2
606-21-3
606-35-9
606-45-1
606-46-2
606-55-3
607-00-1
607-35-2
607-56-7
607-57-8

6
303-21-9
303-25-3
304-06-3
304-17-6
304-88-1
305-03-3
305-80-6
305-85-1
305-96-4
306-07-0
306-08-1
309-00-2
312-30-1
312-40-3
312-45-8
314-13-6
314-40-9
319-89-1
320-51-4
320-60-5
320-72-9
321-14-2
321-38-0
324-00-5
326-56-7
326-61-4
327-92-4
327-98-0
328-84-7
329-20-4
329-98-6
330-54-1
330-55-2
331-25-9
332-14-9
333-41-5
341-02-6
341-69-5
344-04-7
344-07-0
345-35-7
348-51-6
348-52-7
348-54-9
349-78-0
349-88-2
350-03-8
350-46-9
350-50-5
351-32-6
352-11-4
352-32-9
352-34-1
357-08-4
363-72-4
364-76-1
364-83-0
364-98-7
366-29-0
367-12-4
367-21-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

7

607-81-8
607-88-5
607-90-9
607-96-5
607-99-8
608-25-3
608-28-6
608-31-1
608-33-3
608-71-9
608-74-2
608-93-5
609-21-2
609-22-3
609-23-4
609-54-1
609-60-9
609-65-4
609-67-6
609-72-3
609-73-4
609-86-9
610-17-3
610-22-0
610-23-1
610-28-6
610-29-7
610-30-0
610-35-5
610-39-9
610-53-7
610-66-2
610-67-3
610-69-5
610-72-0
610-94-6
610-96-8
610-97-9
611-01-8
611-06-3
611-07-4
611-19-8
611-20-l
611-21-2
611-33-6
611-71-2
611-74-5
612-12-4
612-28-2
612-45-3
612-57-7
612-60-2
612-62-4
612-83-9
612-98-6
613-03-6
613-28-5
613-29-6
613-37-6
613-46-7
613-48-9

613-70-7
613-90-1
613-91-2
613-93-4
613-97-8
614-00-6
614-16-4
614-30-2
614-34-6
614-39-1
614-60-8
614-68-6
614-80-2
614-82-4
614-94-8
614-97-1
615-15-6
615-16-7
615-18-9
615-20-3
615-21-4
615-22-5
615-28-1
615-37-2
615-41-8
615-42-9
615-43-0
615-45-2
615-46-3
615-47-4
615-48-5
615-49-6
615-58-7
615-59-8
615-65-6
615-93-0
615-94-1
616-79-5
616-86-4
617-07-2
617-94-7
618-03-1
618-32-6
618-36-0
618-44-0
618-46-2
618-51-9
618-56-4
618-62-2
618-68-8
618-76-8
618-80-4
618-83-7
618-88-2
618-89-3
618-91-7
618-95-1
618-98-4
619-04-5
619-08-9
619-15-8

619-19-2
619-21-6
619-24-9
619-25-0
619-42-1
619-44-3
619-45-4
619-50-1
619-55-6
619-58-9
619-65-8
619-66-9
619-72-7
619-75-0
619-84-1
619-86-3
619-89-6
619-90-9
619-91-0
620-05-3
620-13-3
620-20-2
620-22-4
620-40-6
620-55-3
620-71-3
620-73-5
620-81-5
620-84-8
620-87-1
620-88-2
621-03-4
621-07-8
621-09-0
621-10-3
621-14-7
621-29-4
621-32-9
621-33-0
621-35-2
621-42-1
621-59-0
621-66-9
621-79-4
621-82-9
621-87-4
621-88-5
621-95-4
622-03-7
622-04-8
622-08-2
622-15-1
622-16-2
622-24-2
622-25-3
622-29-7
622-50-4
622-56-0
622-57-1
622-60-6
622-61-7

622-62-8
622-80-0
622-85-5
622-97-9
623-08-5
623-12-1
623-24-5
623-25-6
623-26-7
624-18-0
624-19-1
624-31-7
624-38-4
624-48-6
625-95-6
625-98-9
625-99-0
626-00-6
626-01-7
626-02-8
626-15-3
626-16-4
626-17-5
626-39-1
626-48-2
628-13-7
630-88-6
632-02-0
632-25-7
632-51-9
632-58-6
632-68-8
632-79-1
632-80-4
632-99-5
633-03-4
633-96-5
634-20-8
634-21-9
634-35-5
634-60-6
634-66-2
634-93-5
635-21-2
635-46-1
635-51-8
635-53-0
635-78-9
635-84-7
636-09-9
636-13-5
636-21-5
636-26-0
636-28-2
636-98-6
637-01-4
637-03-6
637-27-4
637-44-5
637-53-6
637-54-7

637-55-8
637-56-9
637-59-2
637-87-6
638-16-4
639-58-7
640-57-3
640-61-9
642-31-9
643-43-6
643-53-8
643-93-6
644-06-4
644-33-7
644-97-3
645-00-1
645-09-0
645-13-6
645-45-4
645-59-0
645-96-5
653-14-5
654-42-2
655-32-3
657-84-1
658-78-6
660-53-7
670-24-6
670-80-4
672-04-8
672-65-1
673-48-3
694-53-1
694-80-4
695-12-5
696-28-6
696-44-6
696-62-8
697-91-6
699-02-5
699-12-7
700-87-8
701-35-9
701-82-6
701-99-5
704-01-8
705-29-3
707-07-3
707-61-9
708-64-5
709-09-1
709-98-8
711-79-5
711-82-0
713-36-0
713-68-8
716-39-2
717-74-8
718-64-9
719-22-2
719-32-4

719-59-5
719-64-2
720-75-2
721-00-6
721-91-5
723-62-6
724-98-1
728-90-5
729-43-1
730-23-4
730-40-5
733-44-8
733-51-7
736-30-1
737-31-5
741-58-2
744-45-6
747-36-4
748-30-1
766-08-5
766-51-8
766-77-8
766-85-8
767-00-0
767-92-0
768-32-1
768-33-2
768-52-5
769-06-2
769-68-6
770-09-2
770-10-5
770-35-4
771-51-7
771-56-2
771-60-8
771-61-9
772-00-9
772-03-2
772-33-8
772-65-6
773-76-2
773-82-0
774-44-7
775-12-2
775-56-4
776-74-9
776-76-1
777-37-7
778-25-6
778-28-9
779-02-2
780-11-0
780-25-6
780-69-8
785-30-8
786-19-6
787-70-2
788-17-0
789-25-3
791-28-6

791-31-1
792-74-5
793-24-8
802-93-7
807-28-3
822-06-0
823-40-5
823-78-9
823-87-0
824-39-5
824-45-3
824-69-1
824-72-6
824-79-3
824-94-2
825-51-4
825-52-5
825-94-5
826-81-3
827-19-0
827-21-4
827-27-0
827-52-1
827-94-1
827-95-2
828-01-3
828-86-4
830-03-5
830-09-1
830-81-9
830-96-6
831-52-7
832-49-5
833-43-2
833-50-1
833-66-9
834-28-6
835-64-3
835-71-2
840-58-4
840-65-3
841-32-7
842-07-9
842-15-9
842-17-1
842-18-2
842-19-3
845-10-3
845-46-5
846-63-9
846-70-8
847-51-8
852-38-0
855-38-9
860-22-0
860-39-9
873-32-5
873-74-5
874-60-2
874-90-8
875-51-4

875-74-1
877-43-0
878-00-2
879-18-5
879-72-1
880-52-4
881-03-8
882-36-0
883-62-5
883-99-8
884-89-9
885-81-4
886-06-6
886-65-7
886-66-8
886-74-8
887-76-3
894-86-0
897-55-2
900-77-6
900-95-8
901-44-0
905-96-4
911-77-3
915-67-3
917-23-7
925-21-3
930-69-8
932-69-4
932-90-1
933-75-5
933-88-0
934-34-9
935-56-8
937-10-0
937-30-4
937-41-7
938-73-8
939-23-1
939-48-0
940-31-8
940-41-0
941-55-9
941-69-5
943-15-7
944-22-9
946-30-5
946-80-5
947-42-2
948-03-8
951-78-0
951-97-3
953-26-4
953-91-3
955-03-3
955-83-9
957-51-7
958-93-0
959-22-8
959-26-2
959-36-4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

1079-66-9
1083-48-3
1085-12-7
1087-21-4
1096-48-6
1096-80-6
1098-60-8
1099-45-2
1100-88-5
1103-38-4
1103-39-5
1107-00-2
1121-86-4
1122-42-5
1122-54-9
1122-58-3
1122-62-9
1122-93-6
1124-05-6
1125-27-5
1125-88-8
1126-34-7
1126-78-9
1126-79-0
1129-50-6
1129-62-0
1131-01-7
1131-16-4
1131-61-9
1132-39-4
1134-36-7
1134-47-0
1135-66-6
1136-45-4
1138-15-4
1138-80-3
1141-59-9
1141-88-4
1142-19-4
1145-01-3
1147-56-4
1149-16-2
1151-11-7
1151-14-0
1151-97-9
1152-61-0
1153-05-5
1154-59-2
1154-84-3
1155-00-6
1155-62-0
1156-19-0
1159-53-1
1160-28-7
1163-19-5
1170-02-1
1172-02-7
1172-42-5
1172-76-5
1176-08-5
1176-74-5

1178-79-6
1179-69-7
1182-06-5
1182-65-6
1184-43-6
1193-24-4
1196-13-0
1196-57-2
1197-01-9
1197-21-3
1197-37-1
1197-55-3
1198-27-2
1198-37-4
1198-63-6
1198-64-7
1199-01-5
1199-03-7
1199-20-8
1201-38-3
1203-17-4
1203-86-7
1204-28-0
1205-02-3
1205-17-0
1205-91-0
1207-69-8
1207-72-3
1208-52-2
1208-67-9
1209-84-3
1210-12-4
1210-56-6
1212-72-2
1214-39-7
1214-47-7
1215-57-2
1217-45-4
1218-35-5
1220-94-6
1221-56-3
1222-05-5
1225-20-3
1225-55-4
1228-53-1
1229-29-4
1229-55-6
1234-35-1
1235-82-1
1239-45-8
1245-13-2
1248-18-6
1249-97-4
1255-69-2
1257-78-9
1261-86-5
1262-78-8
1300-47-6
1300-92-1
1319-88-6
1320-07-6

1320-15-6
1320-79-2
1321-64-8
1321-65-9
1321-74-0
1322-93-6
1323-19-9
1324-04-5
1324-11-4
1324-21-6
1324-27-2
1324-28-3
1324-33-0
1324-54-5
1324-55-6
1324-76-1
1324-87-4
1325-16-2
1325-19-5
1325-24-2
1325-32-2
1325-35-5
1325-37-7
1325-38-8
1325-42-4
1325-53-7
1325-54-8
1325-62-8
1325-63-9
1325-74-2
1325-75-3
1325-80-0
1325-82-2
1325-83-3
1325-85-5
1325-86-6
1325-87-7
1325-88-8
1325-93-5
1325-94-6
1326-03-0
1326-04-1
1326-05-2
1326-11-0
1326-12-1
1326-37-0
1326-38-1
1326-40-5
1326-49-4
1326-51-8
1326-52-9
1326-55-2
1326-60-9
1326-75-6
1326-83-6
1326-86-9
1326-96-1
1327-01-1
1327-11-3
1327-13-5
1327-14-6

1327-18-0
1327-56-6
1327-57-7
1327-65-7
1327-74-8
1327-75-9
1327-79-3
1327-85-1
1327-88-4
1328-01-4
1328-04-7
1328-19-4
1328-24-1
1328-25-2
1328-40-1
1328-51-4
1328-53-6
1328-54-7
1330-39-8
1330-40-1
1330-69-4
1330-75-2
1330-96-7
1331-28-8
1331-81-3
1331-83-5
1332-88-3
1333-39-7
1333-47-7
1333-53-5
1333-58-0
1335-06-4
1335-42-8
1335-66-6
1335-87-1
1335-88-2
1337-89-9
1338-51-8
1344-32-7
1344-37-2
1344-38-3
1345-16-0
1345-24-0
1393-03-9
1405-86-3
1416-03-1
1421-49-4
1424-14-2
1424-79-9
1435-71-8
1444-94-6
1445-19-8
1446-61-3
1450-18-6
1450-23-3
1450-63-1
1450-72-2
1456-56-0
1457-46-1
1459-09-2
1459-10-5

1459-93-4
1461-15-0
1461-17-2
1462-73-3
1464-44-4
1465-25-4
1466-67-7
1466-76-8
1477-19-6
1477-42-5
1477-55-0
1478-61-1
1484-09-9
1484-50-0
1484-88-4
1485-92-3
1495-72-3
1497-49-0
1498-88-0
1499-17-8
1499-33-8
1503-48-6
1504-55-8
1504-63-8
1504-74-1
1506-02-1
1508-65-2
1514-52-9
1515-72-6
1516-74-1
1516-80-9
1519-47-7
1520-21-4
1523-11-1
1527-12-4
1528-74-1
1529-17-5
1531-20-0
1533-45-5
1533-65-9
1533-77-3
1533-78-4
1552-42-7
1553-34-0
1555-66-4
1562-93-2
1562-94-3
1563-01-5
1563-38-8
1563-66-2
1565-17-9
1565-46-4
1570-64-5
1571-08-0
1571-20-6
1571-33-1
1573-51-9
1576-43-8
1579-40-4
1582-09-8
1582-27-0

1585-07-5
1586-91-0
1591-30-6
1591-31-7
1592-20-7
1592-31-0
1595-15-9
1603-79-8
1611-83-2
1620-21-9
1620-64-0
1623-95-6
1628-58-6
1630-08-6
1631-82-9
1631-83-0
1631-84-1
1633-22-3
1633-83-6
1638-12-6
1640-39-7
1641-40-3
1646-26-0
1646-54-4
1653-75-4
1655-35-2
1655-43-2
1655-68-1
1655-74-9
1656-44-6
1657-16-5
1658-56-6
1660-93-1
1662-01-7
1664-40-0
1664-52-4
1665-59-4
1666-13-3
1667-01-2
1667-99-8
1670-14-0
1670-83-3
1674-18-6
1676-63-7
1676-73-9
1679-51-2
1679-64-7
1680-16-6
1681-60-3
1686-14-2
1688-71-7
1689-82-3
1689-99-2
1694-09-3
1694-92-4
1696-17-9
1696-60-2
1706-12-3
1707-67-1
1707-68-2
1709-44-0

1709-59-7
1711-02-0
1711-06-4
1711-07-5
1711-09-7
1712-71-6
1713-15-1
1718-34-9
1720-32-7
1728-46-7
1730-48-9
1732-97-4
1733-12-6
1733-89-7
1733-96-6
1736-34-1
1740-19-8
1742-14-9
1742-90-1
1742-95-6
1745-32-0
1746-13-0
1746-81-2
1758-25-4
1758-64-1
1758-68-5
1761-71-3
1767-12-0
1769-41-1
1777-84-0
1779-10-8
1779-11-9
1779-48-2
1784-04-9
1786-87-4
1787-61-7
1797-33-7
1797-74-6
1798-11-4
1802-34-2
1808-12-4
1810-62-4
1811-28-5
1816-96-2
1817-73-8
1817-74-9
1818-06-0
1820-50-4
1820-99-1
1821-12-1
1823-18-3
1824-74-4
1824-81-3
1825-30-5
1825-31-6
1825-58-7
1826-28-4
1829-00-1
1829-40-9
1831-69-2
1833-27-8

8
959-55-7
960-71-4
961-68-2
961-69-3
963-14-4
963-39-3
967-80-6
968-81-0
969-33-5
975-17-7
977-96-8
980-26-7
980-71-2
981-18-0
985-16-0
988-93-2
989-38-8
989-77-5
992-55-2
992-59-6
999-21-3
1006-23-1
1006-99-1
1008-88-4
1009-36-5
1009-61-6
1010-19-1
1011-50-3
1011-73-0
1014-66-0
1019-80-3
1024-58-4
1026-92-2
1027-62-9
1034-01-1
1034-39-5
1037-50-9
1038-95-5
1041-00-5
1042-84-8
1046-56-6
1047-16-1
1048-08-4
1052-38-6
1058-71-5
1058-92-0
1063-92-9
1064-48-8
1065-95-8
1073-67-2
1074-24-4
1074-52-8
1075-76-9
1076-38-6
1076-43-3
1076-46-6
1076-59-1
1076-95-5
1077-56-1
1078-95-1
1078-97-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

9

1833-31-4
1833-51-8
1836-22-2
1836-75-5
1843-05-6
1847-84-3
1859-39-8
1861-32-1
1861-40-1
1864-92-2
1865-01-6
1866-31-5
1867-66-9
1871-22-3
1877-75-4
1878-66-6
1878-84-8
1878-91-7
1885-14-9
1886-81-3
1887-02-1
1892-43-9
1897-52-5
1899-02-1
1907-65-9
1910-68-5
1916-07-7
1918-00-9
1918-02-1
1918-16-7
1919-91-1
1922-99-2
1928-43-4
1928-47-8
1929-73-3
1929-82-4
1931-62-0
1932-84-9
1934-20-9
1934-21-0
1936-15-8
1937-34-4
1937-35-5
1937-37-7
1938-32-5
1939-99-7
1942-61-6
1942-71-8
1945-78-4
1945-92-2
1955-21-1
1963-36-6
1965-09-9
1973-05-3
1980-93-4
1982-37-2
1982-49-6
1982-69-0
1984-58-3
1984-59-4
1985-84-8

1989-33-9
1989-53-3
1990-11-0
1990-34-7
2008-39-1
2008-46-0
2008-88-0
2010-61-9
2012-74-0
2012-81-9
2015-14-7
2025-40-3
2026-24-6
2027-17-0
2032-33-9
2033-89-8
2037-31-2
2039-46-5
2039-85-2
2044-72-6
2046-18-6
2049-96-9
2050-08-0
2050-14-8
2050-47-7
2050-66-0
2050-69-3
2050-72-8
2050-73-9
2050-74-0
2050-75-1
2050-76-2
2051-18-5
2051-28-7
2051-79-8
2051-90-3
2051-95-8
2051-97-0
2052-06-4
2052-07-5
2052-14-4
2052-25-7
2052-46-2
2057-47-8
2065-23-8
2065-70-5
2066-93-5
2077-13-6
2077-46-5
2082-79-3
2084-69-7
2090-05-3
2090-14-4
2090-82-6
2092-55-9
2092-56-0
2097-19-0
2100-42-7
2103-64-2
2103-88-0
2104-64-5

2113-51-1
2113-57-7
2113-68-0
2116-65-6
2116-84-9
2122-70-5
2123-35-5
2131-18-2
2131-61-5
2136-89-2
2142-73-6
2144-00-5
2146-36-3
2149-36-2
2150-44-9
2150-47-2
2150-48-3
2150-54-1
2150-60-9
2152-64-9
2153-98-2
2157-39-3
2158-76-1
2162-74-5
2164-08-1
2164-17-2
2172-33-0
2176-62-7
2179-89-7
2182-55-0
2185-86-6
2186-92-7
2192-20-3
2197-01-5
2198-58-5
2198-75-6
2198-77-8
2200-44-4
2202-98-4
2203-01-2
2206-94-2
2208-05-1
2208-20-0
2211-98-5
2212-75-1
2212-81-9
2213-63-0
2213-82-3
2216-12-8
2216-15-1
2216-16-2
2216-45-7
2216-51-5
2216-68-4
2216-69-5
2216-92-4
2217-07-4
2217-55-2
2223-89-4
2224-00-2
2234-13-1

2234-16-4
2239-92-1
2243-35-8
2243-42-7
2243-76-7
2243-83-6
2245-53-6
2259-96-3
2276-90-6
2298-13-7
2299-73-2
2302-96-7
2303-01-7
2304-96-3
2312-35-8
2312-76-7
2313-87-3
2315-02-8
2315-68-6
2321-07-5
2338-76-3
2345-34-8
2348-81-4
2351-37-3
2353-45-9
2359-09-3
2364-54-7
2367-19-3
2374-05-2
2378-95-2
2379-55-7
2379-74-0
2379-75-1
2379-78-4
2379-81-9
2381-85-3
2382-96-9
2386-87-0
2389-45-9
2389-75-5
2390-56-9
2390-59-2
2390-60-5
2390-63-8
2391-03-9
2393-23-9
2398-81-4
2401-85-6
2402-42-8
2402-78-0
2402-79-1
2402-95-1
2403-22-7
2411-89-4
2415-87-4
2420-97-5
2421-11-6
2421-28-5
2422-91-5
2425-10-7
2425-85-6

2429-70-1
2429-71-2
2429-73-4
2429-74-5
2429-76-7
2429-79-0
2429-80-3
2429-81-4
2429-82-5
2429-83-6
2429-84-7
2432-12-4
2432-90-8
2438-32-6
2439-00-1
2445-83-2
2449-05-0
2450-55-7
2455-71-2
2457-76-3
2459-09-8
2459-10-1
2465-27-2
2465-29-4
2475-33-4
2475-43-6
2475-44-7
2475-45-8
2475-46-9
2476-37-1
2478-20-8
2478-67-3
2479-49-4
2481-94-9
2484-88-0
2488-01-9
2489-52-3
2490-60-0
2491-17-0
2491-71-6
2491-74-9
2493-02-9
2493-84-7
2494-89-5
2494-93-1
2495-35-4
2496-26-6
2497-38-3
2498-02-4
2498-03-5
2498-95-5
2503-55-1
2503-73-3
2510-95-4
2510-99-8
2512-29-0
2516-05-4
2516-96-3
2518-24-3
2519-28-0
2524-67-6

2525-21-5
2532-07-2
2536-05-2
2538-84-3
2538-85-4
2539-21-1
2540-09-2
2545-59-7
2549-99-7
2550-26-7
2550-73-4
2553-19-7
2556-10-7
2565-07-3
2568-25-4
2579-20-6
2580-56-5
2581-69-3
2586-57-4
2586-58-5
2586-60-9
2587-42-0
2589-71-1
2589-73-3
2596-47-6
2602-46-2
2605-67-6
2609-88-3
2609-99-6
2610-05-1
2610-10-8
2610-11-9
2610-86-8
2611-82-7
2612-02-4
2613-89-0
2615-05-6
2618-26-0
2618-77-1
2618-96-4
2620-44-2
2621-46-7
2621-62-7
2622-21-1
2623-45-2
2627-06-7
2627-86-3
2627-97-6
2631-40-5
2631-68-7
2635-26-9
2637-37-8
2641-01-2
2642-63-9
2646-15-3
2646-17-5
2650-18-2
2650-64-8
2653-64-7
2654-52-6
2654-58-2

2654-66-2
2657-00-3
2657-85-4
2664-63-3
2666-17-3
2669-94-5
2679-49-4
2682-45-3
2687-12-9
2687-25-4
2694-54-4
2695-37-6
2696-84-6
2698-41-1
2702-44-5
2702-72-9
2712-83-6
2718-78-7
2718-90-3
2719-08-6
2719-13-3
2719-15-5
2719-32-6
2733-41-7
2734-52-3
2735-05-9
2735-62-8
2739-04-0
2743-38-6
2754-32-7
2757-92-8
2760-98-7
2768-90-3
2770-11-8
2771-67-7
2783-94-0
2784-64-7
2784-89-6
2784-94-3
2786-31-4
2786-71-2
2786-85-8
2788-23-0
2801-29-8
2801-68-5
2809-47-4
2814-77-9
2818-66-8
2818-69-1
2818-76-0
2818-88-4
2829-42-7
2829-43-8
2831-60-9
2832-40-8
2834-92-6
2835-06-5
2835-68-9
2835-99-6
2836-04-6
2851-09-4

2859-78-1
2865-70-5
2868-75-9
2869-83-2
2870-32-8
2870-37-3
2870-38-4
2871-01-4
2872-48-2
2872-52-8
2881-83-6
2882-20-4
2893-80-3
2898-84-2
2902-64-9
2903-34-6
2904-60-1
2905-54-6
2905-60-4
2905-62-6
2905-65-9
2905-69-3
2909-38-8
2915-53-9
2915-72-2
2918-80-1
2920-38-9
2921-88-2
2923-93-5
2926-45-6
2941-63-1
2941-69-7
2941-71-1
2941-72-2
2944-19-6
2944-26-5
2944-27-6
2944-28-7
2944-30-1
2945-96-2
2946-17-0
2955-38-6
2958-60-3
2958-87-4
2963-66-8
2971-22-4
2971-36-0
2977-69-7
2977-70-0
2978-11-2
2980-33-8
2987-66-8
2996-92-1
3002-78-6
3002-81-1
3004-42-0
3007-43-0
3007-75-8
3008-87-5
3009-13-0
3010-45-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

3179-56-4
3179-89-3
3179-90-6
3180-81-2
3181-86-0
3182-02-3
3184-65-4
3188-83-8
3204-68-0
3209-22-1
3214-47-9
3215-30-3
3215-65-4
3221-64-5
3223-94-7
3224-15-5
3230-39-5
3232-84-6
3237-62-5
3240-34-4
3247-34-5
3248-05-3
3248-93-9
3256-88-0
3260-63-7
3263-79-4
3271-76-9
3272-91-1
3283-05-4
3284-07-9
3287-99-8
3288-99-1
3290-24-2
3291-00-7
3294-03-9
3301-79-9
3312-60-5
3312-83-2
3316-02-7
3316-13-0
3317-67-7
3318-43-2
3320-83-0
3320-86-3
3320-87-4
3324-58-1
3326-32-7
3326-34-9
3326-35-0
3333-62-8
3337-62-0
3343-24-6
3343-28-0
3343-80-4
3349-63-1
3351-05-1
3352-54-3
3354-97-0
3368-04-5
3375-25-5
3376-24-7

3378-72-1
3379-38-2
3383-96-8
3385-21-5
3385-41-9
3388-01-0
3388-03-2
3388-04-3
3390-61-2
3391-10-4
3393-72-4
3399-73-3
3401-26-1
3401-80-7
3403-23-4
3406-84-6
3407-93-0
3411-95-8
3419-18-9
3425-89-6
3426-28-6
3426-43-5
3433-80-5
3435-51-6
3441-14-3
3443-45-6
3457-46-3
3457-98-5
3457-99-6
3459-92-5
3464-15-6
3468-11-9
3468-53-9
3468-63-1
3470-17-5
3473-75-4
3476-89-9
3476-90-2
3483-82-7
3485-62-9
3485-82-3
3485-84-5
3486-30-4
3487-99-8
3497-00-5
3505-38-2
3511-16-8
3520-72-7
3521-06-0
3521-84-4
3529-01-9
3529-82-6
3530-19-6
3531-19-9
3535-50-0
3543-39-3
3546-41-6
3549-23-3
3555-11-1
3558-60-9
3562-84-3

3564-14-5
3564-18-9
3564-21-4
3564-22-5
3564-26-9
3564-27-0
3564-70-3
3565-26-2
3566-95-8
3567-65-5
3567-66-6
3567-69-9
3568-88-5
3570-46-5
3570-80-7
3575-31-3
3575-32-4
3582-72-7
3586-12-7
3586-14-9
3588-63-4
3590-52-1
3594-55-6
3598-16-1
3598-37-6
3599-32-4
3599-58-4
3605-31-0
3606-21-1
3608-11-5
3614-69-5
3618-58-4
3618-60-8
3618-62-0
3618-63-1
3618-72-2
3622-84-2
3624-68-8
3624-90-6
3626-28-6
3626-30-0
3626-36-6
3626-40-2
3627-48-3
3627-62-1
3635-74-3
3637-01-2
3645-00-9
3648-21-3
3651-62-5
3663-23-8
3663-99-8
3665-51-8
3676-85-5
3678-72-6
3679-63-8
3682-15-3
3682-32-4
3682-35-7
3683-12-3
3687-67-0

3687-80-7
3691-68-7
3691-93-8
3694-83-5
3695-00-9
3696-28-4
3698-10-0
3698-83-7
3701-40-4
3705-62-2
3709-43-1
3717-28-0
3717-88-2
3724-36-5
3724-52-5
3731-52-0
3734-67-6
3735-33-9
3737-09-5
3738-00-9
3739-67-1
3740-52-1
3746-46-1
3746-67-6
3747-06-6
3748-70-7
3751-46-0
3753-05-7
3754-60-7
3759-61-3
3761-53-3
3766-27-6
3768-55-6
3769-57-1
3769-61-7
3770-97-6
3771-14-0
3771-31-1
3779-03-1
3780-50-5
3784-03-0
3785-01-1
3810-39-7
3810-51-3
3811-25-4
3811-71-0
3811-73-2
3813-08-9
3813-13-6
3819-12-3
3819-14-5
3829-86-5
3841-14-3
3844-45-9
3861-73-2
3867-55-8
3875-72-7
3886-69-9
3886-70-2
3887-48-7
3891-07-4

3898-08-6
3900-93-4
3901-30-2
3902-71-4
3910-35-8
3922-40-5
3942-54-9
3943-82-6
3947-58-8
3952-78-1
3955-26-8
3956-73-8
3958-57-4
3972-56-3
3982-82-9
3989-75-1
3993-43-9
3993-45-1
3993-46-2
4001-61-0
4016-85-7
4025-64-3
4028-32-4
4032-80-8
4044-65-9
4047-75-0
4052-92-0
4058-30-4
4065-45-6
4067-14-5
4068-78-4
4072-67-7
4075-79-0
4081-35-0
4083-64-1
4085-18-1
4091-99-0
4093-31-6
4096-20-2
4097-47-6
4099-65-4
4105-90-2
4106-67-6
4106-76-7
4108-61-6
4112-89-4
4115-76-8
4121-67-9
4124-42-9
4126-81-2
4129-84-4
4143-74-2
4152-09-4
4152-90-3
4154-63-6
4162-43-0
4162-45-2
4167-05-9
4169-04-4
4173-73-3
4175-38-6

4177-31-5
4178-93-2
4180-23-8
4182-80-3
4185-69-7
4193-55-9
4194-00-7
4196-86-5
4196-87-6
4196-89-8
4196-99-0
4199-88-6
4199-89-7
4203-50-3
4203-77-4
4207-56-1
4213-45-0
4214-28-2
4221-80-1
4228-00-6
4232-27-3
4234-72-4
4237-40-5
4251-01-8
4255-94-1
4263-38-1
4264-83-9
4272-77-9
4273-88-5
4274-03-7
4275-05-2
4285-42-1
4297-95-4
4304-40-9
4310-35-4
4314-14-1
4316-23-8
4316-35-2
4317-65-1
4321-69-1
4325-96-6
4327-84-8
4329-91-3
4329-95-7
4335-09-5
4338-98-1
4342-30-7
4342-36-3
4344-55-2
4346-48-9
4346-51-4
4348-19-0
4353-01-9
4358-87-6
4360-47-8
4360-60-5
4361-84-6
4362-20-3
4364-06-1
4368-56-3
4370-59-6

4378-61-4
4395-53-3
4399-55-7
4403-90-1
4413-31-4
4414-88-4
4422-95-1
4423-49-8
4430-18-6
4430-20-0
4430-25-5
4430-31-3
4431-00-9
4433-79-8
4433-80-1
4436-30-0
4438-16-8
4443-99-6
4444-23-9
4445-76-5
4450-68-4
4462-55-9
4465-58-1
4468-48-8
4469-80-1
4471-37-8
4471-41-4
4474-24-2
4477-28-5
4477-79-6
4478-76-6
4482-25-1
4482-70-6
4486-13-9
4497-58-9
4499-01-8
4510-76-3
4513-19-3
4518-10-9
4525-46-6
4525-75-1
4531-49-1
4540-00-5
4543-33-3
4548-53-2
4550-36-1
4563-33-1
4572-95-6
4584-57-0
4587-33-1
4607-38-9
4608-12-2
4615-78-5
4645-07-2
4654-29-9
4657-12-9
4674-50-4
4677-09-2
4680-78-8
4682-03-5
4682-36-4

10
3010-82-0
3015-66-5
3016-76-0
3022-16-0
3024-56-4
3025-41-0
3025-77-2
3026-22-0
3027-21-2
3030-80-6
3032-81-3
3034-94-4
3046-94-4
3048-65-5
3051-11-4
3054-01-1
3056-93-7
3057-08-7
3058-38-6
3058-39-7
3065-79-0
3068-39-1
3068-76-6
3071-32-7
3071-70-3
3071-73-6
3076-05-9
3076-87-7
3077-12-1
3077-13-2
3078-09-9
3081-01-4
3081-14-9
3087-16-9
3089-16-5
3108-15-4
3118-97-6
3119-93-5
3121-52-6
3121-70-8
3121-74-2
3129-91-7
3130-19-6
3131-63-3
3137-83-5
3142-42-5
3147-14-6
3147-62-4
3147-75-9
3158-91-6
3159-28-2
3160-35-8
3160-37-0
3160-86-9
3166-00-5
3172-33-6
3172-34-7
3173-53-3
3174-30-9
3176-77-0
3177-22-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

11

4693-01-0
4693-02-1
4693-19-0
4698-29-7
4698-30-0
4702-90-3
4707-47-5
4711-67-5
4711-68-6
4726-14-1
4732-13-2
4733-39-5
4736-60-1
4747-15-3
4751-23-9
4760-34-3
4769-73-7
4771-08-8
4774-14-5
4774-75-8
4776-06-1
4792-30-7
4792-78-3
4792-83-0
4800-53-7
4800-94-6
4822-44-0
4834-28-0
4840-75-9
4845-49-2
4845-58-3
4846-34-8
4849-46-1
4857-06-1
4858-85-9
4867-01-0
4867-02-1
4890-85-1
4898-56-0
4898-57-1
4913-13-7
4913-28-4
4919-33-9
4937-86-4
4940-11-8
4948-15-6
4948-28-1
4948-29-2
4979-32-2
4980-54-5
4986-70-3
4986-70-3
4988-30-1
4988-30-1
4998-82-7
4998-82-7
5001-72-9
5001-92-9
5007-67-0
5007-67-0
5015-75-8

5015-75-8
5018-87-1
5018-87-1
5022-29-7
5022-29-7
5026-74-4
5026-74-4
5029-61-8
5029-61-8
5036-02-2
5036-02-2
5042-54-6
5042-54-6
5042-55-7
5042-55-7
5045-23-8
5045-23-8
5045-43-2
5045-43-2
5048-82-8
5048-82-8
5068-28-0
5068-28-0
5081-42-5
5081-42-5
5084-12-8
5084-12-8
5084-13-9
5084-13-9
5086-74-8
5086-74-8
5096-13-9
5096-13-9
5098-94-2
5098-94-2
5099-06-9
5099-06-9
5099-13-8
5099-13-8
5102-83-0
5102-83-0
5105-78-2
5105-78-2
5109-95-5
5109-95-5
5117-07-7
5117-07-7
5124-25-4
5124-25-4
5128-28-9
5128-28-9
5137-52-0
5137-52-0
5138-90-9
5138-90-9
5141-20-8
5141-20-8
5149-85-9
5149-85-9
5150-50-5
5150-50-5

5160-02-1
5160-02-1
5165-79-7
5165-79-7
5165-82-2
5165-82-2
5184-75-8
5184-75-8
5190-63-6
5190-63-6
5192-03-0
5192-03-0
5197-80-8
5197-80-8
5205-11-8
5205-11-8
5217-54-9
5217-54-9
5219-07-8
5219-07-8
5227-71-4
5227-71-4
5246-57-1
5246-57-1
5253-02-1
5253-02-1
5254-41-1
5254-41-1
5258-64-0
5258-64-0
5260-37-7
5260-37-7
5261-31-4
5261-31-4
5263-87-6
5263-87-6
5264-47-1
5264-47-1
5280-66-0
5280-66-0
5281-04-9
5281-04-9
5284-73-1
5284-73-1
5284-75-3
5284-75-3
5284-79-7
5284-79-7
5285-60-9
5285-60-9
5290-62-0
5290-62-0
5292-21-7
5292-45-5
5304-18-7
5307-14-2
5310-17-8
5310-18-9
5314-37-4
5316-74-5
5321-31-3

5321-32-4
5321-48-2
5327-44-6
5327-72-0
5332-24-1
5332-25-2
5332-26-3
5333-86-8
5337-19-9
5339-85-5
5341-58-2
5344-90-1
5345-53-9
5349-60-0
5350-57-2
5355-37-3
5382-10-5
5388-62-5
5392-28-9
5392-67-6
5392-82-5
5393-41-9
5393-46-4
5393-59-9
5395-70-0
5395-71-1
5397-34-2
5399-63-3
5401-14-9
5401-86-5
5401-94-5
5402-73-3
5406-58-6
5409-54-1
5410-29-7
5410-93-5
5411-22-3
5413-75-2
5415-80-5
5416-80-8
5416-93-3
5418-63-3
5418-93-9
5420-98-4
5421-00-1
5421-17-0
5421-66-9
5421-92-1
5422-17-3
5422-72-0
5423-07-4
5427-30-5
5427-46-3
5428-54-6
5428-95-5
5434-20-8
5434-21-9
5437-11-6
5437-88-7
5441-06-5
5442-40-0

5444-02-0
5444-75-7
5445-26-1
5445-86-3
5451-76-3
5455-98-1
5459-85-8
5459-93-8
5462-06-6
5462-29-3
5463-64-9
5466-57-9
5466-84-2
5466-90-0
5468-00-8
5468-05-3
5468-75-7
5469-69-2
5470-75-7
5471-08-9
5471-51-2
5471-82-9
5486-84-0
5489-77-0
5496-71-9
5502-88-5
5505-16-8
5521-31-3
5529-38-4
5534-95-2
5538-41-0
5567-15-7
5570-77-4
5579-85-1
5580-58-5
5585-88-6
5586-15-2
5588-10-3
5599-34-8
5599-39-3
5601-29-6
5609-80-3
5610-64-0
5610-94-6
5623-04-1
5634-40-2
5634-42-4
5650-44-2
5656-10-0
5656-90-6
5660-60-6
5667-46-9
5676-58-4
5680-61-5
5694-72-4
5697-00-7
5714-00-1
5714-73-8
5714-90-9
5739-83-3
5743-97-5

5789-30-0
5791-64-0
5798-75-4
5804-73-9
5805-27-6
5805-76-5
5809-23-4
5811-87-0
5825-87-6
5833-18-1
5833-47-6
5850-12-4
5850-16-8
5850-34-0
5850-35-1
5850-37-3
5850-39-5
5850-41-9
5850-73-7
5850-81-7
5850-86-2
5852-33-5
5858-07-1
5858-18-4
5858-33-3
5858-39-9
5858-53-7
5858-81-1
5858-82-2
5858-87-7
5858-88-8
5858-89-9
5858-93-5
5859-00-7
5862-38-4
5863-44-5
5863-46-7
5863-51-4
5863-53-6
5873-54-1
5874-97-5
5882-44-0
5892-09-1
5893-32-3
5894-79-1
5900-54-9
5902-51-2
5905-22-6
5928-63-2
5928-84-7
5930-28-9
5938-85-2
5947-36-4
5950-69-6
5959-56-8
5979-31-7
5981-09-9
5982-87-6
5985-41-1
5987-95-1
5994-45-6

5995-98-2
6014-68-2
6022-22-6
6023-29-6
6023-44-5
6035-94-5
6041-94-7
6044-61-7
6050-13-1
6051-03-2
6054-48-4
6054-80-4
6054-86-0
6054-97-3
6054-98-4
6068-28-6
6073-20-7
6087-58-7
6087-59-8
6098-53-9
6099-57-6
6104-53-6
6104-56-9
6106-18-9
6112-39-6
6130-01-4
6130-64-9
6130-75-2
6138-56-3
6144-04-3
6152-67-6
6153-89-5
6153-92-0
6158-45-8
6163-58-2
6175-45-7
6178-32-1
6192-52-5
6197-30-4
6201-64-5
6202-23-9
6211-24-1
6213-19-0
6214-20-6
6217-19-2
6219-66-5
6219-77-8
6219-89-2
6222-35-1
6222-63-5
6224-63-1
6226-78-4
6226-80-8
6226-87-5
6227-02-7
6227-10-7
6227-14-1
6227-20-9
6232-49-1
6232-51-5
6232-56-0

6232-57-1
6232-88-8
6243-71-6
6247-34-3
6247-37-6
6250-23-3
6252-57-9
6252-62-6
6256-31-1
6257-64-3
6258-06-6
6258-73-7
6259-40-1
6259-42-3
6259-76-3
6262-21-1
6263-37-2
6267-02-3
6270-03-7
6270-04-8
6270-07-1
6270-81-1
6272-27-1
6274-20-0
6274-83-5
6280-80-4
6284-83-9
6285-57-0
6290-37-5
6293-52-3
6295-57-4
6298-72-2
6300-07-8
6300-22-7
6300-23-8
6300-24-9
6300-37-4
6300-50-1
6307-82-0
6310-59-4
6313-17-3
6313-37-7
6313-88-8
6315-32-8
6315-89-5
6318-16-7
6320-02-1
6320-03-2
6320-14-5
6321-11-5
6324-78-3
6324-98-7
6325-91-3
6325-93-5
6328-48-9
6329-01-7
6330-82-1
6330-95-6
6333-15-9
6334-30-1
6334-97-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

6372-96-9
6373-07-5
6373-10-0
6373-20-2
6373-31-5
6373-76-8
6373-95-1
6374-96-5
6375-16-2
6375-17-3
6375-46-8
6375-47-9
6375-54-8
6375-55-9
6378-88-7
6380-23-0
6380-34-3
6380-63-8
6382-07-6
6382-14-5
6383-73-9
6386-38-5
6386-73-8
6387-27-5
6388-26-7
6391-21-5
6391-27-1
6396-90-3
6401-98-5
6402-06-8
6402-09-1
6405-94-3
6406-32-2
6406-56-0
6406-74-2
6407-59-6
6407-74-5
6407-75-6
6407-78-9
6408-02-2
6408-22-6
6408-27-1
6408-29-3
6408-34-0
6408-39-5
6408-51-1
6408-57-7
6408-72-6
6408-78-2
6408-80-6
6408-90-8
6408-99-7
6409-10-5
6409-83-2
6410-09-9
6410-10-2
6410-13-5
6410-26-0
6410-29-3
6410-30-6
6410-33-9

6410-35-1
6410-39-5
6410-40-8
6410-41-9
6410-42-0
6413-26-9
6417-36-3
6417-44-3
6417-51-2
6417-83-0
6420-29-7
6420-33-3
6420-36-6
6420-38-8
6420-39-9
6420-40-2
6420-41-3
6420-43-5
6420-44-6
6420-46-8
6420-47-9
6421-04-1
6421-30-3
6421-64-3
6422-86-2
6424-75-5
6424-77-7
6424-85-7
6426-62-6
6426-67-1
6428-19-9
6428-31-5
6428-60-0
6434-57-7
6439-53-8
6441-77-6
6441-82-3
6441-91-4
6441-93-6
6442-08-6
6442-10-0
6443-85-2
6448-95-9
6448-96-0
6449-35-0
6449-79-2
6451-09-8
6459-69-4
6459-94-5
6460-01-1
6460-05-5
6469-85-8
6470-20-8
6470-23-1
6471-07-4
6471-09-6
6471-46-1
6471-49-4
6471-51-8
6471-78-9
6472-50-0

6472-58-8
6473-13-8
6473-30-9
6480-68-8
6486-21-1
6486-23-3
6486-26-6
6486-55-1
6486-92-6
6487-07-6
6492-73-5
6500-50-1
6505-28-8
6505-29-9
6505-30-2
6508-04-9
6521-30-8
6522-74-3
6528-34-3
6528-53-6
6535-41-7
6535-42-8
6535-47-3
6537-66-2
6548-12-5
6560-83-4
6578-06-9
6582-52-1
6591-72-6
6596-35-6
6598-63-6
6613-44-1
6623-41-2
6625-46-3
6627-59-4
6628-28-0
6634-82-8
6636-71-1
6637-88-3
6639-30-1
6639-79-8
6640-27-3
6642-29-1
6652-28-4
6655-84-1
6656-00-4
6656-03-7
6657-33-6
6661-54-7
6671-49-4
6671-52-9
6675-28-1
6683-19-8
6700-56-7
6706-75-8
6706-82-7
6707-01-3
6711-46-2
6722-15-2
6737-68-4
6739-48-6

6764-27-8
6764-43-8
6764-45-0
6768-23-6
6780-49-0
6786-83-0
6786-84-1
6789-88-4
6792-71-8
6798-03-4
6798-76-1
6830-82-6
6837-24-7
6837-37-2
6837-45-2
6837-46-3
6838-01-3
6838-85-3
6843-66-9
6844-74-2
6846-21-5
6848-13-1
6848-24-9
6852-54-6
6852-56-8
6854-81-5
6860-97-5
6864-37-5
6876-13-7
6882-44-6
6893-02-3
6905-61-9
6908-41-4
6915-15-7
6921-64-8
6925-69-5
6928-67-2
6931-54-0
6935-27-9
6939-89-5
6940-50-7
6940-53-0
6946-22-1
6949-09-3
6950-88-5
6957-25-1
6960-45-8
6961-89-3
6963-56-0
6965-01-1
6971-33-1
6972-71-0
6973-13-3
6974-32-9
6974-47-6
6975-29-7
6992-73-0
6993-66-4
6994-46-3
6994-53-2
7005-72-3

7006-60-2
7021-09-2
7023-61-2
7044-91-9
7057-57-0
7058-55-1
7065-22-7
7073-93-0
7082-31-7
7116-96-3
7120-73-2
7128-64-5
7147-42-4
7147-89-9
7148-03-0
7148-50-7
7149-23-7
7149-26-0
7149-79-3
7159-96-8
7166-19-0
7187-55-5
7195-45-1
7218-44-2
7218-46-4
7225-61-8
7246-14-2
7246-21-1
7248-45-5
7257-44-5
7259-89-4
7296-20-0
7298-65-9
7300-59-6
7306-12-9
7311-27-5
7324-87-0
7334-33-0
7335-26-4
7335-27-5
7336-20-1
7342-13-4
7347-19-5
7355-22-8
7356-11-8
7357-71-3
7364-25-2
7376-52-5
7383-98-4
7385-67-3
7385-99-1
7402-29-1
7411-49-6
7415-86-3
7423-31-6
7424-00-2
7425-81-2
7438-18-8
7440-84-8
7442-07-1
7443-25-6

7452-51-9
7459-95-2
7463-22-1
7474-78-4
7475-57-2
7476-91-7
7477-67-0
7478-69-5
7493-57-4
7493-63-2
7493-74-5
7493-78-9
7504-66-7
7528-00-9
7536-58-5
7538-59-2
7549-33-9
7560-83-0
7564-51-4
7566-41-8
7568-93-6
7570-41-4
7575-45-3
7576-65-0
7585-41-3
7597-18-4
7606-87-3
7620-46-4
7620-71-5
7631-46-1
7631-93-8
7643-08-5
7652-64-4
7673-07-6
7687-09-4
7696-12-0
7696-69-7
7710-20-5
7713-58-8
7719-02-0
7719-03-1
7722-73-8
7724-15-4
7756-87-8
7756-96-9
7773-34-4
7775-39-5
7778-70-3
7778-73-6
7778-83-8
7779-65-9
7779-77-3
7779-78-4
7780-06-5
7784-67-0
7786-61-0
7797-81-1
8000-95-1
8001-54-5
8002-90-2
8003-22-3

8003-57-4
8003-62-1
8003-69-8
8003-79-0
8003-87-0
8003-88-1
8004-41-9
8004-87-3
8004-88-4
8004-91-9
8004-92-0
8004-98-6
8004-99-7
8005-02-5
8005-03-6
8005-06-9
8005-40-1
8005-53-6
8005-56-9
8005-64-9
8005-79-6
8006-02-8
8006-04-0
8006-05-1
8007-18-9
8007-22-5
8011-87-8
8012-00-8
8014-91-3
8048-07-5
8064-60-6
9004-38-0
9012-25-3
9016-87-9
9019-85-6
9036-22-0
9764-85-2
10021-55-3
10026-99-0
10029-31-9
10031-71-7
10031-82-0
10075-85-1
10081-67-1
10089-93-7
10094-34-5
10108-61-9
10109-95-2
10114-24-6
10114-58-6
10114-86-0
10126-87-1
10126-90-6
10126-97-3
10127-03-4
10127-05-6
10127-27-2
10127-28-3
10130-29-7
10130-89-9
10132-80-6

12
6341-28-2
6349-98-0
6357-85-3
6358-07-2
6358-22-1
6358-26-5
6358-29-8
6358-30-1
6358-31-2
6358-36-7
6358-37-8
6358-49-2
6358-53-8
6358-63-0
6358-83-4
6358-85-6
6358-87-8
6358-88-9
6359-45-1
6359-62-2
6359-82-6
6359-83-7
6359-85-9
6359-86-0
6359-88-2
6359-90-6
6359-91-7
6359-95-1
6359-96-2
6359-97-3
6359-98-4
6360-10-7
6360-14-1
6360-26-5
6360-29-8
6360-54-9
6360-57-2
6361-49-5
6362-79-4
6362-80-7
6364-36-9
6365-50-0
6365-83-9
6369-32-0
6369-35-3
6369-65-9
6370-08-7
6370-23-6
6370-25-8
6370-62-3
6370-89-4
6370-93-0
6371-11-5
6371-23-9
6371-42-2
6371-55-7
6371-67-1
6371-76-2
6371-84-2
6371-96-6
6372-69-6

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

13

10134-35-7
10143-03-0
10155-47-2
10157-76-3
10169-02-5
10187-52-7
10190-68-8
10196-68-6
10199-89-0
10201-29-3
10212-25-6
10214-07-0
10215-25-5
10220-34-5
10241-21-1
10241-27-7
10246-75-0
10248-55-2
10249-13-5
10254-86-1
10265-69-7
10278-71-4
10279-43-3
10284-44-3
10290-07-0
10291-28-8
10302-15-5
10304-39-9
10311-84-9
10318-38-4
10319-14-9
10319-80-9
10321-42-3
10328-92-4
10343-55-2
10343-58-5
10349-57-2
10351-19-6
10352-27-9
10359-69-0
10359-95-2
10360-31-3
10361-39-4
10377-95-4
10381-75-6
10387-13-0
10389-51-2
10401-50-0
10402-33-2
10402-52-5
10411-85-5
10416-67-8
10420-33-4
10420-89-0
10422-66-9
10453-86-8
10479-30-8
10482-43-6
10482-79-8
10484-09-0
10484-13-6

10484-56-7
10486-47-2
10496-54-5
10510-77-7
10519-06-9
10519-12-7
10519-88-7
10521-96-7
10522-41-5
10526-07-5
10526-80-4
10534-92-6
10535-52-1
10541-29-4
10541-56-7
10541-83-0
10551-21-0
10580-80-0
10594-03-3
11070-44-3
11075-16-4
11075-30-2
11097-74-8
11099-03-9
11099-97-1
11145-39-4
12001-99-9
12002-22-1
12002-53-8
12068-08-5
12068-19-8
12110-39-3
12213-69-3
12217-04-8
12217-05-9
12217-14-0
12217-17-3
12217-22-0
12217-37-7
12217-38-8
12217-41-3
12217-43-5
12217-49-1
12217-64-0
12217-73-1
12217-74-2
12217-75-3
12217-77-5
12217-80-0
12217-83-3
12217-86-6
12217-91-3
12217-92-4
12217-95-7
12218-94-9
12218-95-0
12218-96-1
12219-04-4
12219-33-9
12219-38-4
12219-46-4

12219-53-3
12219-66-8
12220-10-9
12220-20-1
12220-25-6
12220-26-7
12220-28-9
12220-29-0
12220-38-1
12220-52-9
12220-56-3
12220-64-3
12220-70-1
12220-73-4
12220-76-7
12220-77-8
12220-88-1
12220-95-0
12220-99-4
12221-16-8
12221-17-9
12221-18-0
12221-31-7
12221-34-0
12221-43-1
12221-46-4
12221-70-4
12221-79-3
12222-00-3
12222-04-7
12222-20-7
12222-32-1
12222-37-6
12222-40-1
12222-45-6
12222-60-5
12222-62-7
12222-63-8
12222-65-0
12222-68-3
12222-69-4
12222-72-9
12222-77-4
12222-79-6
12222-80-9
12222-83-2
12222-85-4
12222-97-8
12223-04-0
12223-07-3
12223-08-4
12223-10-8
12223-13-1
12223-14-2
12223-19-7
12223-20-0
12223-23-3
12223-26-6
12223-27-7
12223-32-4
12223-33-5

12223-35-7
12223-36-8
12223-38-0
12223-41-5
12223-42-6
12223-43-7
12223-47-1
12223-61-9
12223-67-5
12223-70-0
12223-71-1
12223-72-2
12223-78-8
12223-79-9
12223-80-2
12223-81-3
12223-82-4
12223-84-6
12223-85-7
12223-87-9
12223-88-0
12223-89-1
12223-91-5
12223-94-8
12223-96-0
12223-97-1
12223-98-2
12223-99-3
12224-00-9
12224-53-2
12224-54-3
12224-56-5
12224-77-0
12224-78-1
12225-02-4
12225-05-7
12225-19-3
12225-21-7
12225-23-9
12225-27-3
12225-66-0
12225-67-1
12225-72-8
12225-82-0
12225-84-2
12225-85-3
12225-86-4
12225-88-6
12226-08-3
12226-16-3
12226-18-5
12226-20-9
12226-27-6
12226-32-3
12226-38-9
12226-46-9
12226-48-1
12226-49-2
12226-51-6
12226-74-3
12226-85-6

12226-91-4
12227-04-2
12227-06-4
12227-13-3
12227-27-9
12227-50-8
12227-55-3
12227-62-2
12227-67-7
12227-78-0
12234-61-6
12234-62-7
12234-67-2
12234-73-0
12234-92-3
12234-93-4
12234-94-5
12235-01-7
12235-21-1
12235-22-2
12235-28-8
12235-34-6
12235-39-1
12235-47-1
12235-53-9
12235-80-2
12235-83-5
12235-84-6
12235-96-0
12236-01-0
12236-07-6
12236-10-1
12236-11-2
12236-14-5
12236-15-6
12236-17-8
12236-18-9
12236-22-5
12236-29-2
12236-33-8
12236-49-6
12236-50-9
12236-51-0
12236-52-1
12236-87-2
12237-00-2
12237-01-3
12237-09-1
12237-14-8
12237-17-1
12237-21-7
12237-24-0
12237-31-9
12237-35-3
12238-31-2
12238-63-0
12238-65-2
12238-84-5
12238-89-0
12238-94-7
12239-02-0

12239-15-5
12239-21-3
12239-31-5
12239-36-0
12239-37-1
12239-45-1
12239-54-2
12239-56-4
12239-69-9
12239-75-7
12239-78-0
12239-83-7
12239-84-8
12239-85-9
12239-87-1
12240-09-4
12240-15-2
12262-17-8
12262-26-9
12262-27-0
12262-28-1
12262-32-7
12262-33-8
12262-36-1
12262-38-3
12262-39-4
12262-58-7
12262-66-7
12269-82-8
12269-88-4
12269-96-4
12269-97-5
12270-02-9
12270-05-2
12270-06-3
12270-07-4
12270-14-3
12270-15-4
12270-18-7
12270-19-8
12270-20-1
12270-23-4
12270-25-6
12270-26-7
12270-28-9
12270-30-3
12270-31-4
12270-32-5
12270-35-8
12270-36-9
12270-37-0
12270-40-5
12270-42-7
12270-43-8
12270-45-0
12270-61-0
12271-01-1
12271-03-3
12643-06-0
12656-57-4
12656-85-8

12677-15-5
12677-19-9
12692-98-7
12707-27-6
12715-61-6
12731-53-2
12731-54-3
12731-63-4
12738-64-6
12768-78-4
12769-04-9
12769-08-3
12769-09-4
12769-14-1
12769-17-4
12769-22-1
12772-21-3
13005-36-2
13009-99-9
13014-18-1
13014-24-9
13027-28-6
13033-91-5
13036-02-7
13036-19-6
13037-86-0
13047-13-7
13076-29-4
13076-44-3
13080-86-9
13082-47-8
13087-53-1
13091-80-0
13103-75-8
13109-68-7
13114-87-9
13120-77-9
13138-53-9
13161-28-9
13209-15-9
13217-74-8
13242-16-5
13244-33-2
13244-35-4
13255-27-1
13279-58-8
13280-61-0
13281-14-6
13287-76-8
13290-16-9
13290-74-9
13290-96-5
13301-33-2
13301-61-6
13303-10-1
13331-27-6
13331-93-6
13347-42-7
13350-41-9
13356-08-6
13390-47-1

13393-93-6
13402-96-5
13414-54-5
13414-55-6
13414-58-9
13414-95-4
13416-17-6
13416-35-8
13418-50-3
13429-10-2
13432-32-1
13435-09-1
13435-46-6
13438-45-4
13458-81-6
13463-41-7
13463-98-4
13466-78-9
13473-26-2
13481-09-9
13486-13-0
13486-43-6
13492-01-8
13515-40-7
13524-04-4
13532-96-2
13552-44-8
13556-84-8
13558-31-1
13562-21-5
13574-13-5
13581-52-7
13616-82-5
13617-28-2
13624-14-1
13631-64-6
13639-21-9
13654-74-5
13659-98-8
13663-23-5
13676-54-5
13680-35-8
13686-87-8
13698-55-0
13732-62-2
13746-54-8
13746-56-0
13746-57-1
13746-58-2
13746-60-6
13746-62-8
13781-53-8
13795-24-9
13796-22-0
13816-33-6
13826-35-2
13836-37-8
13863-31-5
13871-68-6
13895-38-0
13921-32-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

14548-46-0
14562-04-0
14564-35-3
14564-74-0
14569-54-1
14569-71-2
14580-22-4
14618-10-1
14637-08-2
14667-54-0
14667-59-5
14694-95-2
14698-29-4
14706-41-3
14709-71-8
14722-38-4
14726-19-3
14726-22-8
14726-58-0
14737-86-1
14751-97-4
14762-38-0
14767-37-4
14769-73-4
14779-78-3
14806-50-9
14832-14-5
14838-15-4
14861-17-7
14868-03-2
14933-76-7
14934-37-3
14954-75-7
14960-63-5
14995-38-1
14999-97-4
15000-59-6
15008-36-3
15015-84-6
15017-02-4
15020-57-2
15038-67-2
15052-19-4
15086-94-9
15087-68-0
15096-02-3
15108-51-7
15110-84-6
15111-96-3
15121-84-3
15149-10-7
15151-00-5
15185-43-0
15206-55-0
15217-42-2
15220-11-8
15233-47-3
15245-44-0
15270-08-3
15280-31-6
15284-70-5

15356-60-2
15356-70-4
15371-06-9
15387-45-8
15404-00-9
15414-98-9
15440-98-9
15446-39-6
15452-89-8
15457-05-3
15471-17-7
15475-84-0
15486-19-8
15541-60-3
15546-43-7
15555-71-2
15589-64-7
15619-48-4
15656-86-7
15715-19-2
15717-40-5
15721-78-5
15733-22-9
15757-54-7
15763-57-2
15772-26-6
15782-03-3
15782-04-4
15782-06-6
15790-07-5
15791-78-3
15792-20-8
15792-50-4
15792-67-3
15793-77-8
15804-19-0
15805-42-2
15814-45-6
15826-91-2
15843-27-3
15864-32-1
15872-73-8
15876-51-4
15883-59-7
15886-56-3
15905-32-5
15909-94-1
15945-07-0
15958-68-6
15964-79-1
15968-02-2
15972-60-8
15979-19-8
15988-11-1
15990-43-9
16013-44-8
16014-23-6
16034-77-8
16044-24-9
16055-33-7
16056-11-4

16066-35-6
16069-36-6
16071-86-6
16089-42-2
16089-43-3
16090-02-1
16091-26-2
16093-66-6
16099-54-0
16106-44-8
16110-89-7
16143-79-6
16153-75-6
16195-23-6
16201-96-0
16214-98-5
16214-99-6
16245-77-5
16249-87-9
16279-54-2
16357-59-8
16365-27-8
16372-99-9
16375-90-9
16388-74-2
16389-59-6
16403-84-2
16423-68-0
16427-65-9
16430-93-6
16432-36-3
16432-37-4
16432-45-4
16432-81-8
16436-29-6
16452-06-5
16470-24-9
16470-41-0
16470-42-1
16470-45-4
16490-80-5
16494-24-9
16494-25-0
16494-27-2
16508-74-0
16517-70-7
16518-26-6
16521-36-1
16521-38-3
16532-79-9
16534-12-6
16545-54-3
16546-01-3
16571-39-4
16574-43-9
16586-42-8
16586-43-9
16588-06-0
16588-67-3
16595-80-5
16616-82-3

16623-25-9
16623-47-5
16679-58-6
16698-16-1
16698-35-4
16707-41-8
16712-64-4
16722-32-0
16766-09-9
16781-08-1
16823-51-1
16836-95-6
16883-16-2
16883-83-3
16894-34-1
16909-22-1
16909-78-7
16915-70-1
16926-70-8
16960-49-9
16965-08-5
17011-51-7
17016-43-2
17018-66-5
17026-81-2
17040-79-8
17051-01-3
17066-96-5
17088-28-7
17091-45-1
17095-24-8
17096-15-0
17138-28-2
17146-08-6
17146-09-7
17151-27-8
17162-39-9
17174-98-0
17178-10-8
17185-29-4
17192-79-9
17199-24-5
17201-43-3
17202-49-2
17205-68-4
17215-44-0
17233-65-7
17260-11-6
17261-28-8
17264-53-8
17265-34-8
17306-05-7
17345-68-5
17354-14-2
17354-79-9
17357-14-1
17368-48-8
17369-59-4
17372-87-1
17376-04-4
17389-14-9

17394-77-3
17418-58-5
17418-59-6
17453-73-5
17481-27-5
17518-43-3
17526-94-2
17557-67-4
17564-64-6
17574-08-2
17574-09-3
17577-28-5
17618-85-8
17625-03-5
17635-21-1
17658-06-9
17665-72-4
17681-50-4
17683-09-9
17688-68-5
17695-46-4
17700-55-9
17722-17-7
17736-40-2
17741-62-7
17754-91-5
17772-51-9
17784-12-2
17796-82-6
17804-49-8
17814-20-9
17832-16-5
17852-98-1
17852-99-2
17869-10-2
17874-34-9
17878-39-6
17887-41-1
17887-60-4
17895-40-8
17903-05-8
17918-11-5
17924-92-4
17933-85-6
17964-30-6
17976-43-1
17998-91-3
18004-57-4
18015-76-4
18018-33-2
18018-34-3
18037-63-3
18038-99-8
18039-42-4
18042-54-1
18066-68-7
18108-68-4
18126-02-8
18181-80-1
18189-07-6
18226-17-0

18244-79-6
18247-80-8
18266-52-9
18282-59-2
18319-92-1
18347-39-2
18360-24-2
18371-33-0
18403-59-3
18418-79-6
18419-53-9
18420-49-0
18420-56-9
18426-55-6
18426-56-7
18434-12-3
18462-64-1
18467-77-1
18472-51-0
18522-93-5
18530-56-8
18586-22-6
18586-39-5
18622-13-4
18643-47-5
18666-65-4
18666-68-7
18708-70-8
18714-16-4
18733-06-7
18740-59-5
18770-76-8
18777-54-3
18790-57-3
18790-97-1
18800-51-6
18800-53-8
18824-74-3
18824-79-8
18826-29-4
18908-07-1
18912-01-1
18942-46-6
18979-50-5
18979-53-8
18979-55-0
19003-87-3
19013-11-7
19040-62-1
19044-88-3
19077-97-5
19077-98-6
19089-55-5
19159-68-3
19163-98-5
19219-98-8
19219-99-9
19224-26-1
19237-84-4
19248-13-6
19277-56-6

19286-75-0
19303-34-5
19343-78-3
19351-91-8
19361-62-7
19372-80-6
19374-99-3
19379-90-9
19381-50-1
19387-83-8
19398-61-9
19402-64-3
19402-71-2
19406-86-1
19433-94-4
19437-42-4
19438-61-0
19473-05-3
19480-43-4
19482-05-4
19493-25-5
19520-88-8
19525-59-8
19532-03-7
19692-45-6
19715-19-6
19720-42-4
19759-89-8
19764-96-6
19798-93-7
19798-94-8
19800-42-1
19840-99-4
19841-73-7
19853-79-3
19870-74-7
19900-69-7
19931-87-4
19952-47-7
20018-09-1
20034-71-3
20048-92-4
20062-22-0
20082-71-7
20109-39-1
20116-65-8
20170-32-5
20174-68-9
20182-56-3
20198-87-2
20200-22-0
20201-60-9
20201-72-3
20201-75-6
20237-98-3
20241-68-3
20241-74-1
20241-76-3
20241-77-4
20249-05-2
20262-58-2

14
13940-94-8
13949-67-2
13954-62-6
13978-85-3
14002-51-8
14034-57-2
14055-02-8
14070-48-5
14070-49-6
14074-80-7
14097-03-1
14106-38-8
14118-16-2
14124-47-1
14126-32-0
14128-84-8
14186-60-8
14187-31-6
14187-32-7
14199-15-6
14200-84-1
14205-65-3
14206-62-3
14210-25-4
14221-00-2
14221-01-3
14221-02-4
14230-52-5
14233-37-5
14234-82-3
14235-45-1
14239-23-7
14239-24-8
14245-97-7
14254-76-3
14263-89-9
14263-94-6
14264-16-5
14268-66-7
14295-43-3
14297-39-3
14297-59-7
14302-13-7
14309-25-2
14309-42-3
14319-01-8
14321-27-8
14323-17-2
14323-18-3
14351-66-7
14356-38-8
14371-84-7
14414-32-5
14426-25-6
14437-41-3
14437-46-8
14452-30-3
14459-33-7
14464-10-9
14516-71-3
14534-87-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

15

20265-97-8
20322-78-5
20324-87-2
20325-40-0
20354-26-1
20364-09-4
20367-32-2
20387-34-2
20389-01-9
20389-38-2
20393-06-0
20416-08-4
20416-09-5
20416-12-0
20416-14-2
20440-93-1
20440-95-3
20442-79-9
20452-51-1
20492-50-6
20544-37-0
20555-91-3
20556-89-2
20566-35-2
20568-80-3
20571-42-0
20587-61-5
20591-23-5
20597-89-1
20651-69-8
20651-71-2
20653-04-7
20662-90-2
20665-85-4
20686-65-1
20691-52-5
20707-70-4
20721-50-0
20730-67-0
20746-54-7
20762-71-4
20776-03-8
20850-43-5
20898-44-6
20904-74-9
20934-81-0
20936-32-7
21006-73-5
21016-19-3
21016-22-8
21016-37-5
21054-07-9
21055-88-9
21083-47-6
21086-87-3
21112-37-8
21124-13-0
21157-12-0
21213-89-8
21214-39-1
21236-74-8

21245-02-3
21288-28-8
21354-01-8
21364-46-5
21416-46-6
21465-51-0
21493-04-9
21528-31-4
21532-74-1
21535-47-7
21538-06-7
21545-54-0
21609-90-5
21615-29-2
21615-34-9
21615-36-1
21643-38-9
21646-20-8
21678-63-7
21700-74-3
21731-56-6
21784-69-0
21811-92-7
21811-94-9
21812-61-3
21850-44-2
21889-25-8
21889-28-1
21894-06-4
21934-68-9
21951-32-6
21951-33-7
22016-03-1
22025-44-1
22031-33-0
22042-71-3
22042-79-1
22047-25-2
22091-92-5
22117-79-9
22134-75-4
22136-09-0
22185-47-3
22190-12-1
22198-72-7
22232-25-3
22236-61-9
22248-79-9
22257-44-9
22276-63-7
22298-29-9
22302-65-4
22304-57-0
22308-77-6
22313-62-8
22326-31-4
22381-54-0
22440-93-3
22499-12-3
22509-74-6
22525-43-5

22527-63-5
22578-86-5
22617-04-5
22633-33-6
22636-29-9
22662-39-1
22690-27-3
22818-40-2
22832-87-7
22873-89-8
22916-47-8
22919-26-2
22919-58-0
22948-06-7
23001-29-8
23034-56-2
23038-61-1
23042-75-3
23060-42-6
23104-75-8
23128-51-0
23159-76-4
23178-67-8
23184-66-9
23216-67-3
23218-62-4
23236-18-2
23239-51-2
23250-44-4
23250-48-8
23282-55-5
23287-26-5
23292-93-5
23295-00-3
23307-72-4
23308-53-4
23315-55-1
23327-57-3
23341-13-1
23350-56-3
23351-91-9
23355-64-8
23368-55-0
23374-15-4
23383-59-7
23421-22-9
23422-12-0
23427-51-2
23453-39-6
23469-93-4
23495-12-7
23500-79-0
23545-77-9
23563-26-0
23593-75-1
23598-72-3
23642-01-5
23659-80-5
23680-31-1
23681-60-9
23691-27-2

23725-15-7
23729-34-2
23778-59-8
23822-43-7
23826-72-4
23838-12-2
23838-74-6
23840-43-9
23857-69-4
23873-81-6
23890-27-9
23950-58-5
23976-66-1
24057-28-1
24059-71-0
24072-75-1
24092-48-6
24108-89-2
24133-65-1
24133-73-1
24136-83-2
24138-34-9
24140-30-5
24140-33-8
24141-90-0
24147-49-7
24147-50-0
24157-79-7
24157-81-1
24169-02-6
24170-48-7
24170-60-3
24173-36-2
24192-58-3
24207-41-8
24231-46-7
24260-42-2
24261-19-6
24263-92-1
24273-19-6
24293-73-0
24310-41-6
24351-11-9
24351-12-0
24387-68-6
24402-80-0
24413-04-5
24447-78-7
24458-48-8
24460-06-8
24520-19-2
24530-53-8
24530-67-4
24549-06-2
24556-64-7
24564-52-1
24599-58-4
24679-02-5
24681-18-3
24687-31-8
24700-20-7

24704-54-9
24742-30-1
24789-99-9
24796-94-9
24817-51-4
24858-54-6
24922-77-8
24925-59-5
24939-64-8
24954-60-7
25013-16-5
25024-53-7
25047-90-9
25059-14-7
25070-22-8
25078-74-4
25080-14-2
25080-15-3
25088-69-1
25108-36-5
25124-87-2
25134-08-1
25140-86-7
25148-68-9
25155-30-0
25167-32-2
25167-81-1
25168-05-2
25168-10-9
25168-15-4
25168-26-7
25177-16-6
25185-95-9
25186-43-0
25243-36-1
25264-32-8
25279-63-4
25282-76-2
25289-00-3
25305-87-7
25310-97-8
25317-34-4
25317-42-4
25319-73-7
25321-14-6
25321-43-1
25322-17-2
25338-55-0
25351-57-9
25357-79-3
25374-10-1
25374-11-2
25376-38-9
25395-13-5
25417-20-3
25442-86-8
25448-05-9
25464-95-3
25470-94-4
25485-34-1
25492-67-5

25492-69-7
25492-74-4
25495-99-2
25510-81-0
25539-14-4
25539-16-6
25550-51-0
25567-10-6
25567-11-7
25583-37-3
25586-43-0
25619-56-1
25619-63-0
25620-59-1
25628-84-6
25629-50-9
25639-42-3
25640-78-2
25641-18-3
25641-99-0
25646-71-3
25646-77-9
25684-23-2
25687-72-3
25687-77-8
25709-80-2
25711-77-7
25717-11-7
25738-24-3
25743-94-6
25746-37-6
25747-08-4
25771-65-7
25790-73-2
25797-78-8
25834-80-4
25837-05-2
25849-26-7
25855-46-3
25857-05-0
25875-50-7
25910-37-6
25910-85-4
25956-17-6
25959-70-0
25962-03-2
25962-05-4
25962-08-7
25962-16-7
25963-47-7
25971-15-7
25980-22-7
25980-23-8
25981-82-2
25982-89-2
25983-11-3
25985-63-1
26021-20-5
26021-21-6
26021-90-9
26040-51-7

26049-94-5
26078-23-9
26078-25-1
26093-31-2
26110-32-7
26138-98-7
26164-08-9
26171-78-8
26189-88-8
26227-73-6
26249-12-7
26264-09-5
26264-58-4
26266-63-7
26271-97-6
26311-44-4
26311-45-5
26339-42-4
26399-36-0
26401-27-4
26408-28-6
26412-87-3
26413-18-3
26444-69-9
26444-72-4
26446-38-8
26447-09-6
26447-40-5
26479-97-0
26486-93-1
26488-93-7
26523-78-4
26529-14-6
26544-20-7
26545-51-7
26545-58-4
26545-62-0
26570-87-6
26571-11-9
26583-60-8
26603-40-7
26604-4l-l
26605-69-6
26619-69-2
26639-29-2
26644-96-2
26692-46-6
26692-47-7
26705-20-4
26741-53-7
26748-47-0
26762-93-6
26763-69-9
26780-96-1
26787-78-0
26834-28-6
26834-32-2
26836-07-7
26841-47-4
26845-91-0
26854-48-8

26863-15-0
26868-32-6
26869-99-8
26878-11-5
26889-86-1
26903-94-6
26941-42-4
26950-07-2
26968-58-1
27059-08-1
27070-59-3
27072-45-3
27072-64-6
27116-62-7
27137-85-5
27138-31-4
27151-54-8
27152-80-3
27157-94-4
27159-90-6
27176-87-0
27176-93-8
27177-05-5
27177-08-8
27177-37-3
27193-93-7
27216-28-0
27230-51-9
27240-79-5
27280-72-4
27287-91-8
27310-25-4
27312-17-0
27312-18-1
27322-34-5
27341-33-9
27344-06-5
27351-96-8
27354-18-3
27375-52-6
27419-90-5
27425-55-4
27457-28-9
27476-27-3
27478-24-6
27479-28-3
27496-82-8
27550-64-7
27569-09-1
27569-10-4
27583-41-1
27599-04-8
27601-14-5
27613-72-5
27618-25-3
27676-62-6
27749-40-2
27753-52-2
27757-79-5
27822-88-4
27831-63-6

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

28804-88-8
28807-97-8
28809-04-3
28821-18-3
28832-64-6
28836-03-5
28860-95-9
28879-19-8
28882-58-8
28904-29-2
28906-38-9
28908-00-1
28912-93-8
28924-21-2
28950-61-0
28983-56-4
28984-20-5
28984-89-6
28985-56-0
28986-55-2
29060-60-4
29061-66-3
29086-67-7
29091-05-2
29091-09-6
29091-21-2
29103-26-2
29103-58-0
29103-59-1
29103-60-4
29128-55-0
29184-39-2
29188-28-1
29190-28-1
29191-07-6
29191-52-4
29197-94-2
29225-91-0
29246-97-7
29253-36-9
29329-88-2
29329-99-5
29330-49-2
29349-67-5
29350-73-0
29385-11-3
29385-30-6
29385-43-1
29426-52-6
29431-45-6
29512-49-0
29633-64-5
29633-66-7
29637-13-6
29637-14-7
29637-18-1
29637-20-5
29637-28-3
29637-29-4
29637-52-3
29649-48-7

29656-52-8
29680-54-4
29705-38-2
29743-08-6
29759-49-7
29765-00-2
29770-14-7
29770-19-2
29777-36-4
29777-42-2
29779-09-7
29797-40-8
29798-60-5
29811-04-9
29842-22-6
29849-82-9
29878-91-9
29887-08-9
29895-73-6
29900-31-0
29939-35-3
29963-76-6
29994-44-3
30030-25-2
30074-79-4
30085-34-8
30112-70-0
30124-94-8
30179-49-8
30211-77-9
30273-11-1
30273-14-4
30348-72-2
30366-97-3
30367-05-6
30377-62-9
30377-63-0
30377-68-5
30377-70-9
30378-58-6
30387-70-3
30411-66-6
30415-45-3
30431-53-9
30431-54-0
30436-87-4
30449-81-1
30457-67-1
30496-13-0
30501-29-2
30540-34-2
30563-77-0
30583-33-6
30693-53-9
30697-40-6
30700-96-0
30707-68-7
30707-77-8
30707-78-9
30752-19-3
30776-59-1

30787-41-8
30812-87-4
30818-17-8
30818-18-9
30830-55-8
30897-76-8
30926-22-8
30995-65-4
31001-73-7
31002-87-6
31037-84-0
31148-95-5
31188-91-7
31195-17-2
31207-65-5
31215-04-0
31225-17-9
31252-85-4
31265-39-1
31274-42-7
31288-44-5
31301-28-7
31303-42-1
31307-59-2
31352-31-5
31383-81-0
31426-72-9
31431-39-7
31464-38-7
31482-56-1
31501-01-6
31506-87-3
31519-22-9
31529-29-0
31529-83-6
31565-26-1
31574-44-4
31580-45-7
31599-32-3
31601-41-9
31620-80-1
31626-19-4
31643-49-9
31681-98-8
31701-23-2
31701-42-5
31775-20-9
31820-78-8
31820-90-3
31844-92-5
31904-18-4
31906-04-4
31994-53-3
32014-19-0
32014-22-5
32041-58-0
32089-69-3
32089-70-6
32093-35-9
32112-80-4
32153-96-1

32178-39-5
32180-75-9
32180-77-1
32185-10-7
32210-23-4
32241-08-0
32315-05-2
32324-48-4
32332-65-3
32357-46-3
32388-55-9
32388-56-0
32407-67-3
32432-45-4
32449-36-8
32459-62-4
32510-27-3
32527-15-4
32534-81-9
32534-95-5
32536-52-0
32588-76-4
32634-37-0
32638-88-3
32647-67-9
32647-68-0
32651-66-4
32657-12-8
32658-60-9
32685-16-8
32694-95-4
32718-50-6
32741-83-6
32741-92-7
32762-51-9
32768-54-0
32829-81-5
32832-01-2
32852-92-9
32857-63-9
32862-97-8
32863-55-1
32866-11-8
32915-71-2
32915-77-8
32953-14-3
32974-92-8
33006-24-5
33006-61-0
33006-80-3
33032-12-1
33067-78-6
33079-11-7
33096-54-7
33175-34-7
33204-74-9
33228-44-3
33245-39-5
33270-70-1
33273-26-6
33332-28-4

33347-85-2
33374-34-4
33394-59-1
33399-48-3
33401-49-9
33402-03-8
33402-67-4
33434-63-8
33448-68-9
33562-89-9
33617-59-3
33625-43-3
33628-03-4
33628-07-8
33628-30-7
33629-47-9
33632-27-8
33637-20-6
33663-50-2
33667-47-9
33667-49-1
33678-73-8
33687-03-5
33704-59-5
33704-60-8
33704-61-9
337l9-44-7
33721-54-9
33752-16-8
33770-60-4
33798-02-6
33817-09-3
33820-53-0
33864-12-9
33864-17-4
33864-99-2
33893-36-6
33955-42-9
33956-01-3
33979-43-0
33984-50-8
34090-76-1
34114-36-8
34122-40-2
34126-16-4
34131-96-9
34131-98-1
34131-99-2
34137-09-2
34142-26-2
34169-62-5
34200-53-8
34236-97-0
34255-45-3
34262-88-9
34276-89-6
34359-90-5
34362-37-3
34367-95-8
34372-72-0
34375-33-2

34383-51-2
34395-10-3
34408-25-8
34413-35-9
34446-26-9
34487-61-1
34531-26-5
34562-31-7
34571-16-9
34586-49-7
34586-50-0
34613-03-1
34643-46-4
34662-32-3
34664-47-6
34684-43-0
34685-93-3
34722-90-2
34725-61-6
34791-88-3
34824-60-7
34832-88-7
34851-48-4
34870-88-7
34879-70-4
34901-26-3
34935-38-1
34937-00-3
35047-04-2
35092-67-2
35092-73-0
35118-50-4
35170-70-8
35171-26-7
35239-30-6
35263-47-9
35271-57-9
35280-78-5
35294-62-3
35298-13-6
35342-16-6
35355-77-2
35367-38-5
35379-58-9
35400-43-2
35465-66-8
35471-49-9
35473-23-5
35473-24-6
35556-70-8
35586-40-4
35589-32-3
35674-56-7
35677-29-3
35703-14-1
35745-23-4
35773-42-3
35778-58-6
35835-94-0
35840-23-4
35860-37-8

35884-66-3
35915-19-6
35945-15-4
35945-16-5
35976-48-8
36018-09-4
36059-21-9
36073-00-4
36148-59-1
36226-32-1
36236-67-6
36268-59-4
36268-65-2
36294-21-0
36294-24-3
36323-28-1
36339-04-5
36352-49-5
36355-01-8
36357-38-7
36380-97-9
36388-36-0
36393-56-3
36405-17-1
36409-70-8
36411-52-6
36422-95-4
36437-36-2
36437-64-6
36438-51-4
36451-09-9
36452-23-0
36483-60-0
36525-74-3
36528-80-0
36536-22-8
36545-21-8
36563-79-8
36576-70-2
36616-60-1
36626-52-5
36755-19-8
36775-31-2
36783-03-6
36823-84-4
36876-13-8
36877-69-7
36882-17-4
36888-99-0
36889-43-7
36897-88-8
36904-62-8
36936-37-5
36968-27-1
37021-14-0
37067-30-4
37078-97-0
37086-84-3
37138-23-1
37139-99-4
37187-45-4

16
27858-07-7
27876-55-7
27896-84-0
27919-85-3
27934-49-2
27969-53-5
27969-56-8
27982-34-9
27982-36-1
27986-36-3
27990-92-7
28005-74-5
28023-55-4
28048-33-1
28061-11-2
28061-21-4
28080-90-2
28106-30-1
28118-10-7
28118-15-2
28140-60-5
28161-39-9
28169-46-2
28188-41-2
28213-80-1
28214-91-7
28217-92-7
28259-80-5
28259-88-3
28262-03-5
28279-27-8
28279-36-9
28286-88-6
28324-53-9
28334-99-8
28348-53-0
28348-61-0
28361-43-5
28387-62-4
28443-50-7
28470-82-8
28480-77-5
28491-95-4
28543-87-5
28631-63-2
28633-58-1
28652-72-4
28655-62-1
28655-63-2
28655-69-8
28675-17-4
28680-67-3
28705-46-6
28706-21-0
28706-22-1
28706-25-4
28706-33-4
28716-14-5
28749-63-5
28788-62-7
28804-46-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

17

37213-61-9
37219-71-9
37220-20-5
37224-61-6
37226-48-5
37279-47-3
37279-54-2
37293-46-2
37300-23-5
37343-88-7
37360-80-8
37370-49-3
37395-76-9
37405-99-5
37439-34-2
37460-43-8
37475-84-6
37526-88-8
37551-43-2
37558-01-3
37589-10-9
37592-72-6
37593-02-5
37593-03-6
37599-83-0
37672-83-6
37677-09-1
37677-10-4
37682-29-4
37686-98-9
37717-68-3
37778-99-7
37795-71-4
37828-01-6
37832-42-1
37832-65-8
37843-12-2
37847-87-3
37853-59-1
37853-61-5
37860-62-1
37920-25-5
37924-13-3
37936-41-7
37953-05-2
37973-51-6
37973-52-7
38020-69-8
38049-29-5
38103-05-8
38103-06-9
38103-07-0
38119-08-3
38125-00-7
38134-93-9
38134-94-0
38157-01-6
38177-07-0
38185-06-7
38209-58-4
38215-33-7

38215-36-0
38219-91-9
38237-74-0
38250-16-7
38258-26-3
38279-20-8
38350-87-7
38353-81-0
38353-82-1
38360-81-5
38409-63-1
38411-17-5
38412-17-8
38444-08-5
38452-47-0
38454-28-3
38456-45-0
38465-55-3
38489-19-9
38521-49-2
38565-48-9
38577-97-8
38615-38-2
38615-39-3
38640-62-9
38641-16-6
38656-58-5
38668-48-3
38690-76-5
38690-77-6
38690-78-7
38690-79-8
38721-71-0
38727-56-9
38780-90-4
38833-00-0
38850-01-0
38861-78-8
38888-98-1
38897-60-8
38951-97-2
38954-40-4
38970-76-2
38974-68-4
38978-80-2
39050-26-5
39106-10-0
39163-92-3
39182-88-2
39201-42-8
39273-52-4
39279-59-9
39279-68-0
39309-98-3
39327-11-2
39347-18-7
39362-41-9
39379-11-8
39393-38-9
39393-39-0
39394-48-4

39479-71-5
39508-27-5
39515-47-4
39542-83-1
39549-27-4
39549-31-0
39614-78-3
39635-79-5
39642-65-4
39735-13-2
39750-11-3
39777-05-4
39780-55-7
39853-28-6
39878-87-0
39905-45-8
39905-50-5
39905-57-2
39923-17-6
39923-22-3
39951-80-9
39970-42-8
40000-20-2
40038-00-4
40082-68-6
40101-17-5
40101-29-9
40130-25-4
40139-96-6
40172-65-4
40188-83-8
40233-98-5
40298-71-3
40360-18-7
40386-51-4
40397-98-6
40401-39-6
40438-48-0
40465-45-0
40487-42-1
40495-69-0
40497-16-3
40529-66-6
40537-72-2
40538-23-6
40552-84-9
40567-16-6
40567-18-8
40567-23-5
40601-76-1
40677-64-3
40690-89-9
40703-79-5
40817-08-1
40828-00-0
40836-01-9
40837-23-8
40842-68-0
40843-73-0
40876-94-6
40880-51-1

40906-82-9
40915-55-7
40932-60-3
40941-53-5
40947-69-1
40948-32-1
40948-38-7
40948-42-3
40948-95-6
41011-48-7
41044-12-6
41066-08-4
41105-35-5
41122-71-8
41161-53-9
41161-54-0
41161-57-3
41175-45-5
41175-50-2
41184-20-7
41199-19-3
41204-67-5
41240-77-1
41253-36-5
41267-76-9
41272-40-6
41295-98-1
41319-88-4
41333-49-7
41335-35-7
41362-82-7
41363-16-0
41378-27-2
41382-37-0
41426-11-3
41427-13-8
41439-97-8
41450-77-5
41450-78-6
41450-85-5
41453-50-3
41458-65-5
41494-34-2
41494-35-3
41494-71-7
41503-58-6
41503-61-1
41504-19-2
41532-84-7
41543-92-4
41554-11-4
41570-56-3
41573-36-8
41576-40-3
41614-14-6
41614-16-8
41638-55-5
41642-95-9
41663-84-7
41672-54-2
41680-76-6

41682-04-6
41687-30-3
41709-76-6
41710-89-8
41729-43-5
41772-23-0
41830-80-2
41830-81-3
41906-71-2
41909-89-1
41934-47-8
42056-95-1
42165-79-7
42175-41-7
42228-16-0
42228-65-9
42245-42-1
42293-27-6
42344-05-8
42372-00-9
42372-33-8
42372-37-2
42379-67-9
42379-68-0
42389-30-0
42413-23-0
42419-94-3
42423-89-2
42436-07-7
42452-55-1
42481-10-7
42481-11-8
42486-53-3
42487-09-2
42530-53-0
42576-02-3
42612-21-5
42712-64-1
42739-64-0
42825-73-0
42835-92-7
42861-47-2
42861-95-0
42874-03-3
42874-63-5
42880-17-1
42887-24-1
42887-26-3
42887-27-4
42903-59-3
42905-20-4
42906-19-4
42933-52-8
42951-35-9
42952-29-4
42965-91-3
42967-55-5
42978-77-8
42986-15-2
42994-94-5
43000-19-7

43036-07-3
43042-08-6
43047-20-7
43051-43-0
43051-46-3
43052-65-9
43061-75-2
43095-70-1
43096-12-4
43099-94-1
43165-51-1
43210-67-9
43222-48-6
46427-20-7
46506-88-1
46728-75-0
46814-61-3
46815-10-5
46843-54-3
46874-41-3
46917-07-1
46921-92-0
47163-83-7
47310-94-1
47377-16-2
47743-68-0
47747-56-8
47834-75-3
48145-04-6
49539-88-0
49583-83-7
49630-05-9
49650-84-2
49650-88-6
49651-10-7
49723-69-5
49742-56-5
49744-28-7
49759-21-9
49763-60-2
49763-64-6
49763-65-7
49831-05-2
50261-16-0
50261-59-1
50261-99-9
50262-49-2
50262-50-5
50262-51-6
50262-54-9
50262-55-0
50262-56-1
50262-57-2
50262-58-3
50292-91-6
50314-37-9
50328-50-2
50337-75-2
50375-15-0
50378-83-1
50380-74-0

50433-83-5
50498-74-3
50539-65-6
50542-90-0
50543-78-7
50556-36-0
50563-36-5
50563-55-8
50594-44-0
50594-66-6
50594-77-9
50598-29-3
50606-95-6
50606-96-7
50606-97-8
50610-40-7
50622-42-9
50626-02-3
50649-60-0
50649-73-5
50651-39-3
50662-99-2
50687-70-2
50696-42-9
50696-68-9
50714-97-1
50745-64-7
50764-79-9
50770-19-9
50772-35-5
50774-65-7
50789-44-1
50793-85-6
50793-86-7
50802-52-3
50814-25-0
50818-84-3
50849-47-3
50850-92-5
50861-58-0
50868-72-9
50880-65-4
50884-30-5
50922-60-6
50922-61-7
50928-80-8
50930-41-1
50930-79-5
50963-62-7
50976-17-5
50976-35-7
51023-76-8
51032-47-4
51053-43-1
51053-44-2
51072-66-3
51084-32-3
51085-07-5
51085-52-0
51115-63-0
51115-88-9

51126-65-9
51142-36-0
51143-35-2
51160-59-9
51176-98-8
51219-00-2
51235-04-2
51274-00-1
51282-49-6
51286-62-2
51312-03-9
51317-78-3
51325-91-8
51331-32-9
51349-86-1
51363-80-5
51365-70-9
51389-84-5
51418-90-7
51418-91-8
51449-18-4
51461-11-1
51501-27-0
51517-45-4
51550-25-5
51550-64-2
51583-69-8
51596-04-4
51599-32-7
51632-16-7
51656-57-6
51732-34-4
51750-32-4
51760-21-5
51767-45-4
51772-35-1
51811-42-8
51838-10-9
51839-16-8
51848-29-4
51864-09-6
51889-17-9
51897-36-0
51897-37-1
51897-39-3
51897-40-6
51923-16-1
51923-17-2
51923-18-3
51923-19-4
51923-20-7
51931-46-5
51943-58-9
51943-99-8
51947-52-5
51955-66-9
51955-67-0
51959-14-9
51963-82-7
51971-64-3
51980-70-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

52645-53-1
52677-44-8
52686-09-6
52697-38-8
52698-84-7
52710-27-7
52716-30-0
52716-31-1
52722-53-9
52723-96-3
52735-88-3
52746-49-3
52749-23-2
52821-24-6
52829-07-9
52830-65-6
52830-71-4
52830-74-7
52830-80-5
52840-38-7
52868-49-2
52913-45-8
52941-80-7
52994-01-1
52998-13-7
53027-60-4
53054-77-6
53059-76-0
53061-07-7
53101-68-1
53101-69-2
53151-84-1
53179-11-6
53209-24-8
53213-82-4
53288-83-8
53304-43-1
53340-16-2
53350-33-7
53370-57-3
53404-31-2
53404-76-5
53411-33-9
53423-65-7
53452-65-6
53467-11-1
53506-00-6
53510-49-9
53518-14-2
53518-15-3
53518-16-4
53518-18-6
53518-19-7
53523-90-3
53524-27-9
53554-75-9
53558-25-1
53611-17-9
53622-16-5
53655-17-7
53700-79-1

53743-11-6
53744-42-6
53761-45-8
53761-50-5
53780-33-9
53802-03-2
53815-85-3
53817-43-9
53817-44-0
53817-54-2
53817-61-1
53863-23-3
53874-67-2
53918-03-9
53918-53-9
53934-41-1
53950-28-0
53950-33-7
53956-04-0
53957-34-9
53987-32-9
53988-10-6
53989-05-2
54002-45-8
54012-92-9
54023-75-5
54023-77-7
54057-95-3
54060-30-9
54060-31-0
54077-16-6
54079-53-7
54110-21-3
54112-23-1
54119-35-6
54119-36-7
54119-37-8
54151-74-5
54178-94-8
54179-01-0
54179-19-0
54200-50-9
54237-83-1
54241-45-1
54243-60-6
54245-33-9
54256-43-8
54256-51-8
54268-69-8
54268-71-2
54268-90-5
54288-95-8
54288-96-9
54291-12-2
54322-31-5
54323-26-1
54326-11-3
54381-08-7
54381-16-7
54385-47-6
54392-15-3

54392-42-6
54395-52-7
54443-90-2
54443-97-9
54449-74-0
54464-57-2
54464-59-4
54466-36-3
54491-17-7
54554-39-1
54579-28-1
54581-50-9
54600-85-0
54634-94-5
54648-07-6
54650-40-7
54687-44-4
54750-10-6
54762-86-6
54804-85-2
54824-37-2
54830-47-6
54849-69-3
54888-15-2
54939-53-6
54946-60-0
54951-54-1
54983-54-9
54996-03-1
55035-43-3
55036-57-2
55044-52-5
55048-24-3
55066-56-3
55067-15-7
55150-29-3
55197-82-5
55197-83-6
55203-51-5
55203-59-3
55203-60-6
55203-66-2
55203-76-4
55281-26-0
55283-68-6
55290-05-6
55310-46-8
55334-51-5
55398-87-3
55403-91-3
55418-52-5
55425-38-2
55435-71-7
55470-66-1
55479-14-6
55482-31-0
55484-55-4
55490-03-4
55491-44-6
55511-33-6
55514-14-2

55526-73-3
55526-94-8
55526-95-9
55569-68-1
55617-85-1
55619-06-2
55619-17-5
55619-18-6
55645-40-4
55664-78-3
55676-76-1
55676-77-2
55719-85-2
55719-88-5
55719-89-6
55751-54-7
55771-81-8
55772-67-3
55775-26-3
55777-68-9
55777-80-5
55792-63-7
55804-65-4
55804-66-5
55804-67-6
55804-68-7
55804-70-1
55850-01-6
55868-93-4
55881-96-4
55909-76-7
55910-01-5
55911-06-3
55940-73-3
55952-56-2
55973-86-9
55994-13-3
56014-69-8
56014-87-0
56046-61-8
56046-62-9
56047-23-5
56082-24-3
56149-12-3
56207-93-3
56222-83-4
56240-38-1
56243-25-5
56273-48-4
56280-59-2
56288-95-0
56315-29-8
56362-01-7
56363-84-9
56392-17-7
56396-10-2
56405-32-4
56405-37-9
56423-40-6
56431-61-9
56445-00-2

56451-38-8
56504-94-0
56507-10-9
56509-55-8
56509-56-9
56512-49-3
56548-64-2
56585-48-9
56765-79-8
56773-61-6
56797-10-5
56843-30-2
56878-25-2
56890-89-2
56912-29-9
56912-33-5
56932-43-5
56932-44-6
56935-95-6
56961-42-3
56961-50-3
56961-56-9
56961-84-3
56961-90-1
56962-08-4
56968-08-2
57039-61-9
57094-40-3
57109-90-7
57119-69-4
57119-83-2
57119-91-2
57206-44-7
57218-68-5
57272-87-4
57283-72-4
57303-71-6
57322-42-6
57339-57-8
57352-34-8
57356-18-0
57359-00-9
57360-63-1
57414-42-3
57444-70-9
57456-25-4
57515-95-4
57532-26-0
57532-29-3
57532-33-9
57542-56-0
57563-07-2
57564-13-3
57564-96-2
57583-69-4
57589-85-2
57609-64-0
57609-72-0
57610-10-3
57764-54-2
57855-77-3

57913-35-6
57971-98-9
57998-25-1
58051-95-9
58051-96-0
58051-97-1
58051-98-2
58051-99-3
58066-96-9
58067-05-3
58089-99-9
58109-40-3
58161-93-6
58169-99-6
58196-33-1
58214-96-3
58240-57-6
58244-29-4
58249-73-3
58276-69-0
58306-86-8
58336-35-9
58339-34-7
58353-63-2
58359-53-8
58376-56-0
58405-98-4
58468-55-6
58470-10-3
58470-12-5
58471-77-5
58473-78-2
58474-16-1
58479-61-1
58480-17-4
58502-84-4
58513-59-0
58516-12-4
58521-43-0
58556-60-8
58566-44-2
58569-23-6
58573-87-8
58591-14-3
58591-15-4
58591-21-2
58596-05-7
58596-09-1
58632-48-7
58672-61-0
58694-33-0
58698-34-3
58721-74-7
58767-50-3
58795-54-3
58965-11-0
58967-91-2
59160-29-1
59191-99-0
59192-05-1
59230-57-8

59261-10-8
59262-64-5
59354-71-1
59379-70-3
59388-58-8
59411-71-1
59413-34-2
59413-58-0
59431-98-0
59504-34-6
59514-43-1
59519-55-0
59558-23-5
59567-49-6
59572-10-0
59596-06-8
59596-07-9
59639-91-7
59642-74-9
59642-75-0
59662-32-7
59666-16-9
59680-40-9
59736-98-0
59737-31-4
59748-37-7
59756-60-4
59787-79-0
59800-33-8
59895-79-3
59916-30-2
59948-52-6
59970-88-6
59986-55-9
59986-59-3
59994-21-7
60006-10-2
60033-00-3
60044-33-9
60093-93-8
60126-36-5
60160-75-0
60168-88-9
60181-78-4
60202-35-9
60202-39-3
60223-95-2
60246-14-2
60268-12-4
60311-02-6
60316-43-0
60388-20-7
60388-36-5
60388-37-6
60453-87-4
60453-89-6
60485-76-9
60487-81-2
60569-85-9
60593-02-4
60687-77-6

18
51981-33-0
51981-34-1
51988-24-0
52005-81-9
52018-28-7
52018-82-3
52022-77-2
52033-73-5
52078-66-7
52080-58-7
52085-52-6
52093-42-2
52123-15-6
52125-43-6
52126-51-9
52129-61-0
52129-70-1
52129-71-2
52135-26-9
52166-72-0
52181-07-4
52184-19-7
52184-29-9
52191-01-2
52196-74-4
52202-90-1
52233-01-9
52235-55-9
52236-73-4
52237-05-5
52243-33-1
52256-38-9
52277-26-6
52279-66-0
52286-56-3
52298-44-9
52299-73-7
52301-21-0
52320-66-8
52322-16-4
52337-77-6
52337-78-7
52345-47-8
52398-83-1
52406-01-6
52411-33-3
52418-31-2
52435-04-8
52435-14-0
52435-87-7
52483-84-8
52509-83-8
52509-84-9
52513-03-8
52513-11-8
52543-24-5
52562-19-3
52592-57-8
52593-56-3
52623-68-4
52625-25-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

19

60711-74-2
60732-52-7
60760-42-1
60763-41-9
60781-83-1
60813-12-9
60842-34-4
60869-68-3
60869-70-7
60871-86-5
60878-87-7
60899-29-8
60911-92-4
60932-58-3
61036-28-0
61109-39-5
61121-67-3
61168-62-5
61215-89-2
61224-41-7
61262-53-1
61286-65-5
61290-31-1
61354-93-6
61354-99-2
61373-80-6
61377-19-3
61417-50-3
61417-55-8
61417-56-9
61433-43-0
61433-54-3
61461-73-2
61461-74-3
61467-64-9
61470-70-0
61480-14-6
61488-78-6
61512-63-8
61550-72-9
61594-49-8
61600-13-3
61617-00-3
61621-35-0
61679-29-6
61683-99-6
61702-41-8
61702-42-9
61702-44-1
61702-47-4
61702-67-8
61702-91-8
61703-11-5
61711-30-6
61711-31-7
61723-88-4
61724-01-4
61724-02-5
61724-25-2
61724-39-8
61724-51-4

61724-57-0
61724-64-9
61724-89-8
61724-97-8
61724-98-9
61725-02-8
61725-26-6
61725-27-7
61725-28-8
61725-32-4
61725-34-6
61725-40-4
61725-47-1
61725-50-6
61725-51-7
61725-69-7
61725-74-4
61725-98-2
61788-42-9
61789-64-8
61791-73-9
61791-75-1
61791-76-2
61791-77-3
61791-80-8
61791-81-9
61791-83-1
61791-85-3
61791-86-4
61791-92-2
61792-02-7
61792-07-2
61792-17-4
61792-21-0
61792-22-1
61792-24-3
61792-25-4
61792-42-5
61792-43-6
61792-44-7
61792-45-8
61792-46-9
61792-48-1
61813-38-5
61813-42-1
61813-46-5
61813-49-8
61813-59-0
61813-60-3
61813-61-4
61813-62-5
61813-63-6
61813-64-7
61813-65-8
61813-66-9
61813-67-0
61813-68-1
61813-69-2
61813-70-5
61813-71-6
61813-72-7

61813-74-9
61813-75-0
61813-76-1
61813-77-2
61813-78-3
61813-80-7
61813-83-0
61813-85-2
61813-86-3
61813-87-4
61813-89-6
61813-90-9
61813-91-0
61813-93-2
61813-95-4
61813-96-5
61813-97-6
61813-98-7
61813-99-8
61814-00-4
61814-01-5
61814-02-6
61814-03-7
61814-06-0
61814-07-1
61814-08-2
61814-09-3
61814-11-7
61814-12-8
61814-14-0
61814-15-1
61814-16-2
61814-18-4
61814-42-4
61814-43-5
61814-44-6
61814-45-7
61814-47-9
61814-67-3
61814-68-4
61814-69-5
61814-70-8
61814-71-9
61814-73-1
61814-75-3
61814-76-4
61814-77-5
61814-79-7
61814-81-1
61814-82-2
61814-84-4
61814-85-5
61814-87-7
61814-88-8
61814-90-2
61814-91-3
61814-92-4
61814-93-5
61814-97-9
61814-99-1
61815-01-8

61815-02-9
61815-03-0
61815-04-1
61815-05-2
61815-08-5
61815-13-2
61827-59-6
61827-66-5
61827-68-7
61827-70-1
61827-71-2
61827-72-3
61827-73-4
61827-75-6
61827-76-7
61827-77-8
61827-78-9
61827-80-3
61842-44-2
61847-52-7
61847-60-7
61847-68-5
61847-71-0
61847-75-4
61847-76-5
61847-77-6
61852-40-2
61852-41-3
61867-79-6
61867-83-2
61867-90-1
61867-93-4
61867-94-5
61867-96-7
61867-97-8
61867-99-0
61868-00-6
61886-17-7
61886-18-8
61886-23-5
61886-35-9
61886-39-3
61886-40-6
61886-41-7
61886-43-9
61886-51-9
61886-54-2
61889-11-0
61890-96-8
61891-20-1
61900-97-8
61901-03-9
61901-05-1
61901-07-3
61901-08-4
61901-11-9
61901-14-2
61901-16-4
61901-17-5
61901-18-6
61901-20-0

61901-21-1
61901-23-3
61901-24-4
61901-25-5
61901-31-3
61901-34-6
61901-38-0
61901-40-4
61901-41-5
61901-42-6
61901-43-7
61901-46-0
61901-47-1
61901-48-2
61901-51-7
61901-56-2
61901-57-3
61901-59-5
61901-60-8
61901-61-9
61901-62-0
61901-64-2
61901-66-4
61901-70-0
61901-72-2
61901-75-5
61901-76-6
61901-77-7
61901-82-4
61901-89-1
61901-90-4
61901-91-5
61901-92-6
61901-95-9
61902-01-0
61902-05-4
61902-07-6
61902-08-7
61902-10-1
61902-11-2
61902-13-4
61902-15-6
61902-16-7
61902-31-6
61902-33-8
61902-38-3
61902-39-4
61902-40-7
61902-41-8
61902-48-5
61902-49-6
61907-30-0
61919-18-4
61931-04-2
61931-06-4
61931-09-7
61931-23-5
61931-34-8
61931-41-7
61931-55-3
61931-57-5

61931-65-5
61931-68-8
61931-69-9
61931-71-3
61931-72-4
61931-77-9
61931-82-6
61931-85-9
61931-87-1
61949-88-0
61951-34-6
61951-39-1
61951-40-4
61951-41-5
61951-43-7
61951-46-0
61951-47-1
61951-50-6
61951-52-8
61951-53-9
61951-55-1
61951-58-4
61951-59-5
61951-60-8
61951-61-9
61951-62-0
61951-63-1
61951-64-2
61951-65-3
61951-66-4
61951-67-5
61951-72-2
61951-76-6
61951-79-9
61951-82-4
61951-86-8
61951-88-0
61951-89-1
61951-90-4
61967-93-9
61967-94-0
61968-11-4
61968-25-0
61968-26-1
61968-27-2
61968-30-7
61968-41-0
61968-42-1
61968-43-2
61968-49-8
61968-51-2
61968-52-3
61968-53-4
61968-57-8
61968-58-9
61968-63-6
61968-64-7
61968-66-9
61968-85-2
61968-92-1
61968-93-2

61968-98-7
61968-99-8
61969-02-6
61969-29-7
61969-47-9
62106-17-6
62106-21-2
62133-79-3
62133-80-6
62134-44-5
62143-18-4
62158-73-0
62210-73-5
62256-00-2
62257-17-4
62265-99-0
62306-04-1
62314-89-0
62331-46-8
62346-96-7
62353-80-4
62476-15-7
62476-57-7
62476-59-9
62476-60-2
62501-39-7
62509-87-9
62554-36-3
62563-16-0
62568-43-8
62570-47-2
62570-50-7
62587-74-0
62592-39-6
62592-55-6
62592-60-3
62604-62-0
62604-63-1
62609-83-0
62609-84-1
62609-85-2
62609-86-3
62609-87-4
62609-88-5
62609-89-6
62609-90-9
62609-93-2
62609-94-3
62609-95-4
62613-15-4
62625-15-4
62625-16-5
62625-17-6
62625-21-2
62625-22-3
62625-24-5
62625-28-9
62625-29-0
62625-30-3
62625-31-4
62625-32-5

62630-92-6
62637-89-2
62637-91-6
62637-92-7
62637-98-3
62638-01-1
62654-07-3
62654-08-4
62654-09-5
62654-10-8
62654-11-9
62654-12-0
62654-17-5
62654-19-7
62669-60-7
62669-62-9
62669-63-0
62669-66-3
62669-69-6
62669-70-9
62669-72-1
62669-73-2
62669-74-3
62669-75-4
62669-77-6
62697-11-4
62697-12-5
62698-50-4
62698-53-7
62698-54-8
62698-55-9
62698-56-0
62698-58-2
62707-55-5
62708-54-7
62708-58-1
62742-50-1
62742-51-2
62748-01-0
62758-12-7
62758-13-8
62758-14-9
62763-89-7
62778-12-5
62778-15-8
62778-17-0
62778-18-1
62778-19-2
62778-21-6
62778-22-7
62778-24-9
62780-67-0
62796-23-0
62796-24-1
62796-25-2
62796-27-4
62796-28-5
62796-29-6
62796-32-1
62816-35-7
62973-79-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

63133-84-6
63133-86-8
63133-89-1
63133-91-5
63133-92-6
63133-94-8
63133-95-9
63133-96-0
63133-97-1
63133-98-2
63133-99-3
63134-02-1
63134-03-2
63134-04-3
63134-08-7
63134-09-8
63134-10-1
63134-11-2
63134-12-3
63134-14-5
63134-15-6
63134-16-7
63134-17-8
63134-19-0
63134-20-3
63134-21-4
63134-23-6
63134-25-8
63134-26-9
63134-27-0
63134-28-1
63134-29-2
63134-32-7
63134-33-8
63134-34-9
63147-42-2
63148-73-2
63148-76-5
63148-79-8
63148-80-1
63148-81-2
63148-83-4
63148-84-5
63148-85-6
63148-86-7
63148-87-8
63148-88-9
63148-89-0
63148-90-3
63148-91-4
63148-94-7
63148-95-8
63148-97-0
63148-98-1
63148-99-2
63149-00-8
63149-01-9
63149-02-0
63149-03-1
63149-04-2
63149-06-4

63149-07-5
63149-09-7
63149-10-0
63149-11-1
63149-14-4
63149-16-6
63149-18-8
63149-21-3
63149-22-4
63149-23-5
63149-24-6
63149-25-7
63149-26-8
63149-27-9
63149-29-1
63149-30-4
63149-31-5
63149-33-7
63149-36-0
63149-38-2
63149-40-6
63149-42-8
63149-45-1
63149-46-2
63150-14-1
63163-95-1
63163-96-2
63163-97-3
63165-89-9
63165-90-2
63165-91-3
63165-92-4
63175-24-6
63175-96-2
63175-99-5
63179-62-4
63181-82-8
63181-83-9
63182-18-3
63182-22-9
63182-23-0
63182-24-1
63192-51-8
63216-83-1
63216-84-2
63216-86-4
63216-89-7
63216-90-0
63216-93-3
63216-94-4
63216-95-5
63216-98-8
63216-99-9
63217-00-5
63217-11-8
63217-24-3
63217-25-4
63217-26-5
63217-29-8
63217-32-3
63217-33-4

63217-34-5
63217-35-6
63217-38-9
63217-39-0
63217-46-9
63251-40-1
63251-41-2
63251-43-4
63251-44-5
63278-33-1
63284-71-9
63351-73-5
63368-36-5
63400-64-6
63405-85-6
63425-46-7
63428-97-7
63428-99-9
63439-92-9
63449-48-9
63449-52-5
63449-55-8
63449-68-3
63450-30-6
63450-44-2
63450-46-4
63450-47-5
63450-48-6
63450-54-4
63450-59-9
63450-61-3
63450-66-8
63450-67-9
63450-78-2
63450-84-0
63450-87-3
63450-88-4
63450-94-2
63450-99-7
63451-30-9
63451-31-0
63451-32-1
63451-34-3
63451-35-4
63451-49-0
63466-99-9
63467-01-6
63467-02-7
63467-05-0
63467-06-1
63467-07-2
63467-08-3
63467-09-4
63467-10-7
63467-11-8
63467-13-0
63467-14-1
63467-15-2
63467-16-3
63467-18-5
63467-19-6

63467-23-2
63467-24-3
63467-25-4
63467-26-5
63467-27-6
63467-28-7
63467-32-3
63467-34-5
63467-36-7
63467-37-8
63467-44-7
63467-59-4
63467-70-9
63467-92-5
63467-99-2
63468-44-0
63468-52-0
63468-54-2
63468-57-5
63468-58-6
63468-90-6
63468-95-1
63468-98-4
63469-13-6
63469-15-8
63482-60-0
63493-77-6
63494-13-3
63494-56-4
63494-59-7
63494-80-4
63503-96-8
63512-20-9
63512-41-4
63512-52-7
63512-55-0
63512-57-2
63512-58-3
63512-59-4
63512-61-8
63512-64-1
63512-66-3
63526-71-6
63534-59-8
63549-10-0
63549-13-3
63549-18-8
63549-41-7
63549-42-8
63549-43-9
63549-46-2
63549-48-4
63549-51-9
63568-27-4
63568-29-6
63568-30-9
63568-31-0
63568-32-1
63568-33-2
63568-36-5
63568-37-6

63573-38-6
63573-57-9
63589-10-6
63589-29-7
63589-45-7
63610-06-0
63641-88-3
63661-65-4
63665-72-5
63665-75-8
63665-80-5
63665-81-6
63665-89-4
63665-90-7
63665-91-8
63665-92-9
63665-95-2
63666-07-9
63666-09-1
63701-23-5
63701-24-6
63713-74-6
63713-75-7
63713-77-9
63713-86-0
63734-62-3
63741-10-6
63807-44-8
63807-45-9
63815-64-5
63815-65-6
63815-66-7
63815-67-8
63815-68-9
63815-69-0
63815-72-5
63815-75-8
63815-76-9
63815-77-0
63815-78-1
63815-79-2
63815-80-5
63815-81-6
63815-82-7
63815-83-8
63815-84-9
63815-85-0
63815-86-1
63815-89-4
63815-90-7
63815-92-9
63815-93-0
63815-94-1
63815-95-2
63815-96-3
63815-97-4
63815-98-5
63815-99-6
63816-00-2
63816-01-3
63816-02-4

63816-04-6
63816-06-8
63816-07-9
63816-08-0
63816-09-1
63816-10-4
63816-11-5
63816-12-6
63816-13-7
63816-15-9
63816-16-0
63816-17-1
63816-18-2
63816-19-3
63816-20-6
63834-91-3
63870-18-8
63870-29-1
63870-30-4
63870-31-5
63870-32-6
63870-33-7
63870-34-8
63870-36-0
63870-37-1
63870-40-6
63870-43-9
63870-44-0
63870-45-1
63870-47-3
63870-48-4
63870-49-5
63870-50-8
63870-51-9
63870-52-0
63870-54-2
63870-55-3
63870-56-4
63936-56-1
63957-60-8
63957-61-9
64036-72-2
64051-35-0
64051-37-2
64051-40-7
64070-98-0
64123-46-2
64123-64-4
64135-01-9
64147-45-1
64164-99-4
64285-34-3
64346-09-4
64346-10-7
64346-26-5
64346-28-7
64346-29-8
64346-30-1
64346-35-6
64346-37-8
64346-38-9

64346-40-3
64346-41-4
64346-43-6
64346-55-0
64346-56-1
64346-57-2
64346-60-7
64346-61-8
64346-68-5
64346-71-0
64346-72-1
64346-74-3
64346-75-4
64365-65-7
64381-97-1
64381-99-3
64394-19-0
64426-36-4
64485-10-5
64490-84-2
64601-03-2
64601-04-3
64641-84-5
64653-59-4
64653-97-0
64654-05-3
64665-57-2
64683-38-1
64683-39-2
64683-41-6
64683-43-8
64716-00-3
64716-02-5
64722-50-5
64743-14-2
64743-15-3
64800-83-5
64835-62-7
64909-33-7
64988-06-3
64992-16-1
65000-29-5
65000-30-8
65000-33-1
65000-34-2
65000-36-4
65036-45-5
65036-53-5
65036-54-6
65036-60-4
65036-62-6
65036-63-7
65036-64-8
65036-65-9
65036-67-1
65036-69-3
65045-84-3
65045-85-4
65045-86-5
65045-87-6
65059-37-2

20
63021-88-5
63022-06-0
63022-07-1
63022-08-2
63022-09-3
63022-10-6
63059-32-5
63059-34-7
63059-39-2
63059-42-7
63059-43-8
63059-44-9
63059-47-2
63059-48-3
63059-49-4
63059-50-7
63059-51-8
63059-53-0
63059-54-1
63059-55-2
63059-56-3
63059-58-5
63059-59-6
63059-61-0
63059-62-1
63059-64-3
63059-65-4
63081-22-1
63084-98-0
63089-83-8
63105-52-2
63105-53-3
63105-54-4
63105-60-2
63105-61-3
63123-17-1
63123-18-2
63123-20-6
63123-22-8
63123-23-9
63123-24-0
63123-25-1
63123-26-2
63123-27-3
63123-28-4
63123-29-5
63123-34-2
63123-35-3
63123-36-4
63123-38-6
63123-39-7
63123-41-1
63123-42-2
63123-44-4
63123-45-5
63133-73-3
63133-74-4
63133-76-6
63133-78-8
63133-80-2
63133-82-4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

21

65059-41-8
65059-45-2
65059-52-1
65059-63-4
65059-64-5
65059-82-7
65059-83-8
65059-84-9
65059-88-3
65059-89-4
65059-90-7
65059-91-8
65059-92-9
65059-93-0
65059-94-1
65059-95-2
65059-99-6
65072-22-2
65072-26-6
65072-27-7
65072-31-3
65072-34-6
65072-36-8
65072-39-1
65072-40-4
65072-41-5
65072-43-7
65072-44-8
65072-45-9
65072-48-2
65072-49-3
65072-51-7
65072-53-9
65072-54-9
65072-59-5
65072-61-9
65086-47-7
65086-89-7
65086-93-3
65086-95-5
65086-99-9
65087-00-5
65087-03-8
65087-04-9
65087-05-0
65087-06-1
65087-12-9
65087-13-0
65087-14-1
65087-15-2
65087-16-3
65087-17-4
65087-24-3
65104-05-4
65104-20-3
65104-21-4
65104-24-7
65104-25-8
65104-29-2
65104-30-5
65104-31-6

65104-32-7
65104-33-8
65104-34-9
65104-35-0
65104-41-8
65104-62-3
65104-93-0
65104-99-6
65105-00-2
65105-01-3
65105-02-4
65121-70-2
65121-73-5
65121-76-8
65121-77-9
65121-84-8
65121-93-9
65121-97-3
65121-98-4
65122-05-6
65122-06-7
65122-07-8
65122-08-9
65122-11-4
65122-12-5
65122-23-8
65122-39-6
65122-41-0
65122-43-2
65122-44-3
65122-45-4
65122-46-5
65138-69-4
65138-72-9
65138-79-6
65138-80-9
65150-80-3
65150-84-7
65150-86-9
65150-87-0
65150-98-3
65151-24-8
65151-26-0
65151-27-1
65151-29-3
65151-32-8
65151-33-9
65151-34-0
65151-40-8
65151-41-9
65151-42-0
65151-45-3
65151-46-4
65151-47-5
65151-48-6
65151-49-7
65151-59-9
65151-61-3
65151-66-8
65151-68-0
65151-69-1

65152-14-9
65152-15-0
65152-16-1
65152-17-2
65152-19-4
65152-20-7
65152-25-2
65168-09-4
65168-11-8
65168-14-1
65168-18-5
65168-20-9
65186-16-5
65208-16-4
65208-17-5
65208-23-3
65208-24-4
65208-25-5
65208-30-2
65208-31-3
65208-32-4
65208-33-5
65208-34-6
65235-64-5
65237-05-0
65287-01-6
65293-86-9
65293-90-5
65294-00-0
65294-03-3
65294-06-6
65294-07-7
65294-08-8
65294-13-5
65294-14-6
65294-15-7
65294-17-9
65294-20-4
65307-72-4
65339-11-9
65366-87-2
65369-95-1
65379-23-9
65383-61-1
65390-98-9
65392-81-6
65405-67-6
65405-76-7
65405-77-8
65416-14-0
65416-15-1
65416-19-5
65442-31-1
65451-61-8
65605-47-2
65605-48-3
65652-29-1
65652-42-8
65652-43-9
65665-49-8
65665-50-1

65694-10-2
65701-06-6
65701-07-7
65719-14-4
65733-64-4
65776-60-5
65776-61-6
65776-63-8
65776-64-9
65776-66-1
65816-20-8
65850-52-4
65850-54-6
65859-40-7
65859-45-2
65879-43-8
65907-69-9
65916-12-3
65916-13-4
65916-14-5
65916-16-7
66027-80-3
66027-97-2
66027-99-4
66028-00-0
66028-01-1
66037-55-6
66037-56-7
66037-57-8
66037-58-9
66037-59-0
66068-84-6
66085-66-3
66085-67-4
66085-68-5
66085-69-6
66085-70-9
66085-71-0
66085-76-5
66104-32-3
66104-34-5
66104-35-6
66104-36-7
66104-37-8
66104-40-3
66104-41-4
66104-44-7
66104-46-9
66104-49-2
66104-53-8
66104-54-9
66104-55-0
66104-56-1
66104-59-4
66104-70-9
66104-71-0
66104-72-1
66104-73-2
66104-81-2
66104-82-3
66104-83-4

66142-15-2
66142-16-3
66142-19-6
66142-20-9
66142-21-0
66142-22-1
66142-94-7
66142-95-8
66142-99-2
66172-78-9
66172-79-0
66172-80-3
66172-81-4
66172-82-5
66172-83-6
66172-84-7
66172-85-8
66181-84-8
66182-97-6
66182-98-7
66197-78-2
66214-40-2
66214-41-3
66214-42-4
66214-43-5
66214-44-6
66214-45-7
66214-46-8
66214-47-9
66214-48-0
66214-49-1
66214-50-4
66214-51-5
66214-52-6
66214-53-7
66214-54-8
66214-55-9
66225-56-7
66225-60-3
66225-62-5
66225-64-7
66225-65-8
66241-11-0
66241-12-1
66256-71-1
66256-72-2
66256-74-4
66256-76-6
66274-26-8
66276-83-3
66304-04-9
66304-05-0
66304-06-1
66304-07-2
66304-08-3
66327-55-7
66327-56-8
66375-36-8
66375-39-1
66375-40-4
66422-95-5

66620-37-9
66776-65-0
66812-98-4
67000-46-8
67055-68-9
67162-11-2
67169-27-1
67169-91-9
67210-66-6
67273-43-2
67338-57-2
67338-58-3
67338-59-4
67338-61-8
67338-62-9
67339-75-7
67364-88-9
67433-96-9
67491-88-7
67577-84-8
67599-06-8
67599-07-9
67599-08-0
67599-09-1
67599-10-4
67599-11-5
67599-12-6
67599-13-7
67599-14-8
67599-15-9
67599-16-0
67599-17-1
67599-18-2
67599-19-3
67599-20-6
67599-21-7
67599-22-8
67613-13-2
67614-42-0
67633-58-3
67633-59-4
67633-85-6
67633-94-7
67634-02-0
67634-04-2
67634-06-4
67634-12-2
67634-21-3
67634-23-5
67674-20-8
67674-21-9
67674-22-0
67674-23-1
67674-24-2
67674-25-3
67674-26-4
67674-27-5
67674-28-6
67674-29-7
67674-30-0
67674-31-1

67674-32-2
67674-48-0
67674-53-7
67674-55-9
67674-60-6
67689-48-9
67697-31-8
67697-32-9
67697-46-5
67697-49-8
67697-69-2
67697-75-0
67701-35-3
67701-36-4
67710-71-8
67712-20-3
67746-24-1
67748-63-4
67762-57-6
67763-22-8
67763-23-9
67763-24-0
67763-26-2
67785-34-6
67785-69-7
67785-70-0
67785-71-1
67785-72-2
67785-76-6
67785-77-7
67785-88-0
67785-89-1
67786-00-9
67786-07-6
67786-08-7
67786-12-3
67786-13-4
67786-14-5
67786-15-6
67786-16-7
67786-17-8
67786-18-9
67786-19-0
67786-20-3
67786-21-4
67786-22-5
67786-23-6
67786-24-7
67786-25-8
67786-26-9
67800-88-8
67800-90-2
67800-91-3
67800-93-5
67800-97-9
67800-98-0
67801-01-8
67801-02-0
67801-03-0
67801-04-1
67801-05-2

67801-06-3
67801-08-5
67801-09-6
67801-10-9
67801-16-5
67801-18-7
67801-26-7
67801-36-9
67801-37-0
67801-42-7
67801-43-8
67801-44-9
67801-47-2
67801-52-9
67801-53-0
67801-54-1
67801-55-2
67801-56-3
67801-57-4
67801-58-5
67801-60-9
67802-59-6
67815-66-1
67815-70-7
67815-95-6
67816-10-8
67827-69-4
67827-70-7
67827-71-8
67827-72-9
67827-86-4
67827-87-6
67827-88-7
67827-89-8
67828-01-7
67828-02-8
67828-18-6
67828-20-0
67828-21-1
67828-22-2
67828-23-3
67828-24-4
67828-25-5
67828-26-6
67828-27-7
67828-28-8
67828-29-9
67828-30-2
67828-31-3
67828-32-4
67828-33-5
67828-34-6
67828-35-7
67828-37-9
67828-38-0
67828-39-1
67828-40-4
67828-41-5
67828-42-6
67828-43-7
67828-44-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

67874-68-4
67874-69-5
67874-84-4
67874-86-6
67875-00-7
67875-01-8
67875-02-9
67875-03-0
67875-04-1
67875-05-2
67875-06-3
67875-07-4
67875-08-5
67875-09-6
67875-10-9
67875-11-0
67875-12-1
67875-13-2
67875-14-3
67875-15-4
67875-16-5
67875-17-6
67875-18-7
67875-19-8
67875-20-1
67875-21-2
67875-22-3
67875-23-4
67875-24-5
67875-25-6
67875-26-7
67875-27-8
67875-28-9
67875-29-0
67875-30-3
67875-31-4
67875-32-5
67875-33-6
67883-77-6
67889-94-5
67889-95-6
67890-05-5
67892-13-1
67892-30-2
67892-38-0
67892-39-1
67892-40-4
67892-41-5
67892-42-6
67892-44-8
67892-45-9
67892-46-0
67892-47-1
67892-48-2
67892-49-3
67892-50-6
67892-53-9
67892-54-0
67892-55-1
67892-57-3
67892-65-3

67892-67-5
67893-09-8
67893-10-1
67893-12-3
67893-41-8
67893-43-0
67893-44-1
67893-45-2
67893-46-3
67893-47-4
67893-48-5
67893-49-6
67905-10-6
67905-11-7
67905-12-8
67905-14-0
67905-15-1
67905-16-2
67905-17-3
67905-18-4
67905-34-4
67905-35-5
67905-36-6
67905-37-7
67905-38-8
67905-40-2
67905-52-6
67905-54-8
67905-55-9
67905-56-0
67905-57-1
67905-59-3
67905-60-6
67905-62-8
67905-63-9
67905-64-0
67905-65-1
67905-66-2
67905-67-3
67906-22-3
67906-23-4
67906-30-3
67906-33-6
67906-34-7
67906-35-8
67906-43-8
67906-44-9
67906-45-0
67906-46-1
67906-47-2
67906-48-3
67906-49-4
67906-50-7
67906-51-8
67906-52-9
67906-53-0
67906-54-1
67906-55-2
67906-56-3
67906-57-4
67906-58-5

67906-59-6
67906-60-9
67906-61-0
67907-22-6
67907-24-8
67907-25-9
67920-93-8
67923-41-5
67923-42-6
67923-43-7
67923-44-8
67923-46-0
67923-47-1
67923-49-3
67923-52-8
67923-57-3
67923-59-5
67923-60-8
67923-62-0
67923-63-1
67923-64-2
67923-65-3
67923-78-8
67923-87-9
67923-89-1
67924-13-4
67924-14-5
67924-18-9
67924-20-3
67924-22-5
67935-96-0
67939-05-3
67939-24-6
67939-25-7
67939-43-9
67939-53-1
67939-65-5
67939-84-8
67939-85-9
67940-00-5
67940-01-6
67952-27-6
67952-38-9
67952-39-0
67952-45-8
67952-50-5
67952-51-6
67952-64-1
67952-66-3
67952-81-2
67952-93-6
67952-94-7
67952-97-0
67953-06-4
67953-08-6
67953-09-7
67953-13-3
67953-14-4
67953-30-4
67953-39-3
67953-75-7

67966-88-5
67969-66-8
67969-73-7
67969-74-8
67969-79-3
67969-87-3
67969-88-4
67969-89-5
67969-90-8
67969-91-9
67969-92-0
67969-93-1
67969-94-2
67969-95-3
67969-96-4
67970-27-8
67970-28-9
67970-29-0
67970-31-4
67989-22-4
67989-23-5
67989-84-8
67989-98-4
67989-99-5
67990-05-0
67990-06-1
67990-07-2
67990-09-4
67990-10-7
67990-11-8
67990-12-9
67990-19-6
67990-22-1
67990-23-2
67990-24-3
67990-25-4
67990-26-5
67990-27-6
67990-28-7
67990-30-1
67990-31-2
67990-32-3
67990-33-4
67990-34-5
67990-35-6
67990-36-7
67990-37-8
67993-50-4
68003-12-3
68003-30-5
68003-31-6
68003-32-7
68003-37-2
68003-38-3
68015-83-8
68015-88-3
68015-89-4
68015-90-7
68015-91-8
68015-92-9
68015-94-1

68015-95-2
68015-97-4
68015-98-5
68016-04-6
68016-05-7
68016-06-8
68016-07-9
68016-08-0
68025-18-3
68025-19-4
68025-20-7
68025-27-4
68025-30-9
68025-31-0
68025-32-1
68025-33-2
68025-44-5
68025-46-7
68025-48-9
68025-61-6
68030-71-7
68037-34-3
68037-35-4
68038-58-4
68038-80-2
68038-84-6
68039-00-9
68039-01-0
68039-04-3
68039-05-4
68039-06-5
68039-07-6
68039-08-7
68039-14-5
68039-15-6
68039-19-0
68039-22-5
68039-51-0
68039-52-1
68039-53-2
68039-54-3
68039-65-6
68039-67-8
68052-06-2
68052-07-3
68052-08-4
68052-09-5
68052-10-8
68052-11-9
68052-12-0
68052-13-1
68052-14-2
68052-15-3
68052-17-5
68052-18-6
68052-19-7
68052-20-0
68052-22-2
68052-23-3
68052-43-7
68052-44-8

68052-45-9
68052-46-0
68065-81-6
68072-36-6
68072-51-5
68081-81-2
68081-83-4
68083-28-3
68083-29-4
68083-31-8
68083-32-9
68083-33-0
68083-34-1
68083-37-4
68083-41-0
68083-42-1
68083-43-2
68083-44-3
68083-97-6
68083-99-8
68084-00-4
68084-01-5
68084-09-3
68084-10-6
68084-11-7
68084-13-9
68084-14-0
68084-15-1
68084-16-2
68084-17-3
68084-18-4
68084-21-9
68084-22-0
68084-23-1
68084-24-2
68084-25-3
68084-26-4
68084-29-7
68084-30-0
68084-31-1
68084-32-2
68084-36-6
68084-53-7
68084-55-9
68084-56-0
68084-57-1
68084-63-9
68091-86-1
68092-45-5
68092-46-6
68092-47-7
68092-52-4
68092-69-3
68092-71-7
68092-72-8
68092-73-9
68092-74-0
68109-57-9
68109-58-0
68109-64-8
68109-68-2

68109-69-3
68109-70-6
68109-75-1
68109-77-3
68109-78-4
68109-79-5
68109-80-8
68109-81-9
68109-89-7
68109-90-0
68109-91-1
68109-92-2
68110-21-4
68110-24-7
68110-25-8
68110-26-9
68110-31-6
68110-32-7
68123-03-5
68123-09-1
68123-12-6
68123-30-8
68123-31-9
68123-32-0
68123-33-1
68123-35-3
68123-36-4
68123-38-6
68123-39-7
68123-41-1
68123-42-2
68123-44-4
68123-45-5
68123-46-6
68123-47-7
68123-48-8
68123-49-9
68128-25-6
68128-58-5
68130-77-8
68130-78-9
68130-96-1
68132-77-4
68132-81-0
68132-84-3
68132-89-8
68132-90-1
68133-05-1
68133-14-2
68133-23-3
68133-25-5
68133-26-6
68133-27-7
68133-28-8
68133-29-9
68133-30-2
68133-31-3
68133-32-4
68133-33-5
68133-35-7
68133-40-4

22
67828-45-9
67828-46-0
67828-47-1
67828-49-3
67828-50-6
67828-51-7
67828-52-8
67828-54-0
67828-55-1
67828-56-2
67828-57-3
67828-58-4
67828-59-5
67828-60-8
67828-61-9
67828-62-0
67828-63-1
67828-64-2
67828-65-3
67828-66-4
67828-67-5
67828-68-6
67828-69-7
67828-70-0
67828-72-2
67828-73-3
67845-40-3
67845-41-4
67845-42-5
67845-60-7
67845-79-8
67845-80-1
67845-81-2
67845-84-5
67845-85-6
67845-88-9
67845-91-4
67845-93-6
67845-96-9
67845-97-0
67845-98-1
67845-99-2
67846-01-9
67846-02-0
67846-10-0
67846-42-8
67846-44-0
67856-55-7
67859-77-2
67860-00-8
67873-85-2
67874-23-1
67874-24-2
67874-25-3
67874-52-6
67874-56-0
67874-57-1
67874-58-2
67874-59-3
67874-60-6
67874-64-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

23

68133-41-5
68133-42-6
68133-57-3
68133-60-8
68133-61-9
68133-69-7
68133-70-0
68133-75-5
68133-77-7
68133-78-8
68133-97-1
68133-98-2
68134-04-3
68134-08-7
68134-16-7
68134-64-5
68139-94-6
68140-23-8
68140-26-1
68140-37-4
68140-43-2
68140-47-6
68140-50-1
68140-52-3
68140-57-8
68140-63-6
68141-03-7
68141-05-9
68141-07-1
68141-10-6
68141-11-7
68154-00-7
68155-45-3
68155-46-4
68155-53-3
68155-66-8
68155-67-9
68155-68-0
68155-69-1
68155-70-4
68155-71-5
68155-72-6
68155-74-8
68155-75-9
68155-76-0
68156-18-3
68170-20-7
68170-22-9
68170-23-0
68186-31-2
68186-32-3
68186-55-0
68186-81-2
68187-03-1
68187-04-2
68187-06-4
68187-28-0
68188-29-4
68189-12-8
68189-14-0
68189-18-4

68189-23-1
68189-24-2
68189-25-3
68189-28-6
68189-39-9
68189-42-4
68201-66-1
68201-75-2
68201-76-3
68201-77-4
68201-83-2
68212-33-9
68213-79-6
68213-80-9
68213-82-1
68213-83-2
68213-84-3
68213-85-4
68213-88-7
68213-89-8
68213-90-1
68213-91-2
68213-92-3
68213-93-4
68213-94-5
68213-95-6
68213-96-7
68213-97-8
68214-00-6
68214-01-7
68214-02-8
68214-03-9
68214-04-0
68214-42-6
68214-43-7
68214-80-2
68214-81-3
68226-87-9
68226-88-0
68226-89-1
68226-90-4
68226-91-5
68226-92-6
68226-93-7
68226-94-8
68226-95-9
68227-23-6
68227-26-9
68227-27-0
68227-28-1
68227-29-2
68227-30-5
68227-34-9
68227-35-0
68227-36-1
68227-37-2
68227-38-3
68227-39-4
68227-40-7
68227-41-8
68227-42-9

68227-43-0
68227-44-1
68227-46-3
68227-48-5
68227-49-6
68227-54-3
68227-56-5
68227-57-6
68227-58-7
68227-59-8
68227-60-1
68227-62-3
68227-63-4
68227-64-5
68227-65-6
68227-66-7
68227-67-8
68227-71-4
68227-72-5
68227-73-6
68227-78-1
68227-79-2
68228-06-8
68228-08-0
68228-10-4
68238-93-7
68239-07-6
68239-08-7
68239-09-8
68239-10-1
68239-11-2
68239-12-3
68239-13-4
68239-14-5
68239-17-8
68239-18-9
68239-21-4
68239-22-5
68239-23-6
68239-24-7
68239-25-8
68239-26-9
68239-27-0
68239-28-1
68239-29-2
68239-45-2
68239-50-9
68239-60-1
68239-61-2
68239-62-3
68239-63-4
68239-64-5
68239-65-6
68239-66-7
68239-76-9
68239-77-0
68239-78-1
68239-79-2
68239-80-5
68239-81-6
68239-82-7

68239-83-8
68239-84-9
68240-17-5
68258-61-7
68258-62-8
68258-63-9
68258-66-2
68258-67-3
68258-69-5
68258-71-9
68258-97-9
68259-19-8
68259-34-7
68259-35-8
68259-36-9
68296-97-9
68298-05-5
68298-07-7
68298-08-8
68298-09-9
68298-10-2
68298-27-1
68298-33-9
68298-34-0
68298-46-4
68298-47-5
68298-48-6
68298-84-0
68298-85-1
68299-01-4
68299-22-9
68299-26-3
68299-27-4
68299-28-5
68299-29-6
68309-34-2
68309-94-4
68309-97-7
68310-00-9
68310-03-2
68310-04-3
68310-05-4
68310-06-5
68310-09-8
68310-32-7
68310-42-9
68310-47-4
68310-49-6
68310-60-1
68310-69-0
68310-70-3
68310-82-7
68310-85-0
68310-87-2
68310-89-4
68311-16-0
68311-18-2
68311-19-3
68311-24-0
68324-22-1
68332-68-3

68332-77-4
68332-95-6
68334-63-4
68334-64-5
68334-65-6
68334-66-7
68334-68-9
68334-90-7
68345-19-7
68345-20-0
68345-21-1
68345-22-2
68365-86-6
68365-87-7
68366-14-3
68368-33-2
68368-34-3
68368-35-4
68368-36-5
68368-37-6
68368-38-7
68368-39-8
68368-40-1
68368-41-2
68368-42-3
68379-06-6
68389-46-8
68389-48-0
68389-51-5
68389-52-6
68389-53-7
68389-76-4
68391-17-3
68391-21-9
68391-24-2
68391-25-3
68391-26-4
68391-27-5
68391-33-3
68391-38-8
68391-42-4
68391-43-5
68391-44-6
68391-45-7
68391-46-8
68391-47-9
68391-48-0
68391-49-1
68391-50-4
68391-51-5
68391-52-6
68391-55-9
68391-56-0
68391-57-1
68391-58-2
68391-59-3
68398-19-6
68399-69-9
68399-70-2
68399-71-3
68399-72-4

68399-73-5
68399-74-6
68399-75-7
68399-82-6
68399-83-7
68399-84-8
68399-86-0
68399-91-7
68399-92-8
68399-93-9
68399-94-0
68399-95-1
68400-01-1
68400-02-2
68400-20-4
68400-22-6
68400-23-7
68400-25-9
68400-26-0
68400-29-3
68400-30-6
68400-32-8
68400-33-9
68400-34-0
68400-35-1
68400-36-2
68400-37-3
68400-38-4
68400-39-5
68400-41-9
68400-42-0
68400-43-1
68400-45-3
68400-46-4
68400-49-7
68400-55-5
68400-56-6
68400-58-8
68400-77-1
68400-78-2
68400-80-6
68409-66-5
68409-68-7
68411-30-3
68411-31-4
68411-32-5
68411-33-6
68411-39-2
68411-46-1
68411-47-2
68411-74-5
68411-75-6
68411-80-3
68411-84-7
68412-22-6
68412-23-7
68412-24-8
68412-25-9
68412-48-6
68412-74-8
68413-42-3

68413-50-3
68413-58-1
68413-59-2
68413-61-6
68413-62-7
68413-63-8
68413-64-9
68413-69-4
68413-70-7
68413-71-8
68413-79-6
68413-81-0
68413-85-4
68413-86-5
68413-87-6
68413-88-7
68413-89-8
68413-90-1
68413-92-3
68420-92-8
68420-93-9
68422-67-3
68425-59-2
68425-60-5
68425-61-6
68425-64-9
68425-74-1
68425-77-4
68425-86-5
68425-91-2
68425-92-3
68426-05-1
68426-08-4
68427-31-6
68427-33-8
68427-34-9
68427-35-0
68427-37-2
68439-65-6
68441-64-5
68442-08-0
68442-09-1
68442-63-7
68442-64-8
68442-67-1
68442-68-2
68442-72-8
68442-86-4
68443-32-3
68443-33-4
68443-34-5
68443-35-6
68443-36-7
68443-38-9
68443-43-6
68443-45-8
68443-48-1
68443-52-7
68443-60-7
68443-64-1
68443-71-0

68443-72-1
68443-74-3
68443-76-5
68443-80-1
68443-81-2
68443-89-0
68444-03-1
68444-04-2
68444-06-4
68444-07-5
68444-08-6
68444-09-7
68444-10-0
68444-12-2
68444-15-5
68444-39-3
68444-40-6
68457-72-7
68459-81-4
68459-89-2
68459-98-3
68460-00-4
68460-01-5
68460-04-8
68460-09-3
68460-17-3
68478-39-7
68478-41-1
68478-47-7
68478-60-4
68478-61-5
68478-68-2
68478-91-1
68479-59-4
68479-60-7
68479-65-2
68479-98-1
68480-07-9
68480-19-3
68480-32-0
68480-34-2
68492-75-1
68492-76-2
68492-77-3
68510-43-0
68510-93-0
68510-98-5
68511-02-4
68511-19-3
68511-20-6
68512-07-2
68512-13-0
68512-14-1
68515-24-2
68515-61-7
68515-64-0
68515-96-8
68516-46-1
68516-48-3
68516-51-8
68516-53-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

68555-97-5
68556-00-3
68556-01-4
68556-02-5
68556-03-6
68556-04-7
68556-05-8
68556-06-9
68556-07-0
68556-08-1
68556-09-2
68556-10-5
68556-11-6
68556-12-7
68556-13-8
68556-14-9
68556-15-0
68556-16-1
68556-17-2
68556-20-7
68556-21-8
68567-68-0
68567-69-1
68568-47-8
68568-52-5
68568-54-7
68568-55-8
68568-65-0
68568-79-6
68582-45-6
68583-76-6
68583-95-9
68583-99-3
68586-06-1
68586-20-9
68601-95-6
68609-85-8
68609-86-9
68628-60-4
68630-90-0
68631-02-7
68631-04-9
68631-07-2
68631-08-3
68631-09-4
68631-10-7
68631-11-8
68631-12-9
68631-14-1
68647-14-3
68647-32-5
68647-33-6
68647-34-7
68647-35-8
68647-36-9
68679-99-2
68683-27-2
68683-30-7
68683-31-8
68683-35-2
68683-42-1

68683-45-4
68683-46-5
68698-64-6
68698-86-2
68715-88-8
68715-89-9
68715-91-3
68735-92-2
68738-85-2
68738-94-3
68738-96-5
68738-97-6
68739-06-0
68758-63-4
68758-65-6
68758-67-8
68758-68-9
68758-69-0
68758-70-3
68758-71-4
68758-77-0
68758-87-2
68780-28-9
68784-03-2
68784-92-9
68784-94-1
68784-95-2
68785-06-8
68797-42-2
68797-43-3
68797-52-4
68814-00-6
68814-02-8
68814-03-9
68814-04-0
68814-05-1
68814-06-2
68814-07-3
68814-56-2
68815-27-0
68815-70-3
68815-72-5
68816-48-8
68833-59-0
68833-60-3
68833-66-9
68833-67-0
68833-68-1
68833-93-2
68833-95-4
68833-96-5
68833-97-6
68834-08-2
68845-12-5
68845-14-7
68845-37-4
68845-38-5
68845-39-6
68855-30-1
68855-31-2
68855-43-6

68856-21-3
68856-26-8
68859-50-7
68859-68-7
68867-55-0
68867-65-2
68877-28-1
68877-30-5
68877-36-1
68877-39-4
68877-56-5
68877-59-8
68877-61-2
68891-95-2
68892-04-6
68892-09-1
68892-12-6
68892-16-0
68892-29-5
68892-30-8
68900-65-2
68900-67-4
68900-70-9
68900-72-1
68900-95-8
68900-98-1
68900-99-2
68901-00-8
68901-02-0
68901-03-1
68901-04-2
68901-07-5
68901-16-6
68901-18-8
68901-24-6
68901-25-7
68907-20-0
68910-11-2
68911-96-6
68911-97-7
68911-98-8
68911-99-9
68912-03-8
68921-35-7
68921-36-8
68921-40-4
68921-41-5
68921-42-6
68921-43-7
68921-46-0
68921-70-0
68921-73-3
68921-75-5
68921-76-6
68921-77-7
68921-79-9
68921-81-3
68921-84-6
68921-88-0
68921-91-5
68921-92-6

68921-93-7
68921-94-8
68921-95-9
68921-99-3
68922-01-0
68922-02-1
68922-04-3
68922-07-6
68922-08-7
68928-54-1
68928-63-2
68928-79-0
68928-80-3
68928-81-4
68929-01-1
68929-07-7
68929-08-8
68929-09-9
68929-11-3
68929-12-4
68929-13-5
68929-14-6
68936-95-8
68938-57-8
68938-61-4
68938-62-5
68938-63-6
68938-64-7
68938-65-8
68938-67-0
68938-69-2
68938-79-4
68938-80-7
68938-81-8
68938-96-5
68953-81-1
68953-82-2
68953-90-2
68953-97-9
68953-98-0
68954-69-8
68957-44-8
68957-46-0
68957-48-2
68957-52-8
68957-67-5
68957-70-0
68957-71-1
68957-78-8
68958-91-8
68959-00-2
68959-01-3
68959-03-5
68959-09-1
68959-10-4
68959-11-5
68959-12-6
68959-13-7
68959-14-8
68959-21-7
68959-22-8

68959-29-5
68959-30-8
68959-32-0
68959-33-1
68959-34-2
68959-35-3
68959-36-4
68959-37-5
68959-38-6
68959-39-7
68959-40-0
68959-41-1
68959-42-2
68966-31-4
68966-32-5
68966-33-6
68966-37-0
68966-43-8
68966-44-9
68966-45-0
68966-48-3
68966-49-4
68966-50-7
68966-51-8
68966-52-9
68966-53-0
68966-54-1
68966-75-6
68966-76-7
68966-77-8
68966-79-0
68966-80-3
68966-82-5
68966-83-6
68966-84-7
68966-85-8
68966-88-1
68966-92-7
68966-96-1
68966-99-4
68967-00-0
68967-02-2
68975-70-2
68987-39-3
68987-50-8
68987-61-1
68987-62-2
68987-63-3
68987-64-4
68988-28-3
68988-35-2
68988-37-4
68988-62-5
68988-64-7
68990-14-7
68991-91-3
68991-93-5
68991-94-6
68991-96-8
68991-97-9
69009-90-1

69011-12-7
69029-38-5
69030-02-0
69070-63-9
69070-64-0
69102-93-8
69178-37-6
69178-38-7
69178-42-3
69198-43-2
69205-10-3
69205-11-4
69205-13-6
69226-93-3
69226-95-5
69227-09-4
69227-10-7
69227-26-5
69391-20-8
69671-11-0
69815-53-8
69815-54-9
69815-55-0
69815-56-1
69834-12-4
69834-17-9
69834-18-0
69834-19-1
69834-20-4
69834-21-5
69834-22-6
69834-23-7
69847-37-6
69847-39-8
69847-46-7
69847-47-8
69847-48-9
69847-49-0
69847-52-5
69856-00-4
69856-09-3
69856-10-6
69856-11-7
69868-11-7
69868-13-9
69868-17-3
69868-19-5
69880-77-9
69898-20-0
69898-60-8
69898-61-9
69898-62-0
69898-63-1
69898-64-2
69898-65-3
69898-66-4
69898-67-5
69912-92-1
69912-93-2
69912-95-4
69929-03-9

69991-69-1
69991-76-0
70025-53-5
70085-02-8
70161-58-9
70179-80-5
70179-81-6
70179-82-7
70179-86-1
70179-87-2
70198-17-3
70198-21-9
70289-49-5
70456-77-8
70615-15-5
70615-18-8
70632-39-2
71607-30-2
71775-63-8
71775-65-0
71775-88-7
71776-00-6
71776-02-8
71776-07-3
71776-10-8
71786-31-7
71786-32-8
71786-33-9
71786-67-9
71798-67-9
71798-68-0
71798-69-1
71798-70-4
71798-71-5
71798-72-6
71798-73-7
71798-76-0
71798-77-1
71798-82-8
71798-90-8
71798-92-0
71798-99-7
71799-00-3
71799-03-6
71799-04-7
71799-11-6
71799-12-7
71799-14-9
71799-21-8
71799-22-9
71799-23-0
71799-26-3
71799-27-4
71799-32-1
71799-33-2
71799-34-3
71799-35-4
71799-36-5
71799-37-6
71799-38-7
71799-39-8

24
68516-55-2
68516-56-3
68516-57-4
68516-58-5
68516-59-6
68516-60-9
68516-66-5
68516-67-6
68516-69-8
68516-98-3
68516-99-4
68517-11-3
68524-91-4
68527-46-8
68527-61-7
68527-66-2
68527-67-3
68527-68-4
68527-69-5
68527-70-8
68527-71-9
68527-72-0
68527-74-2
68527-76-4
68527-78-6
68527-79-7
68527-80-0
68527-98-0
68540-41-0
68540-77-2
68540-79-4
68540-84-1
68540-85-2
68540-86-3
68540-87-4
68540-88-5
68540-90-9
68540-91-0
68540-92-1
68540-93-2
68540-94-3
68540-95-4
68540-97-6
68540-99-8
68541-01-5
68541-02-6
68541-03-7
68541-05-9
68541-06-0
68541-07-1
68541-69-5
68541-72-0
68555-40-8
68555-54-4
68555-55-5
68555-56-6
68555-57-7
68555-58-8
68555-80-6
68555-82-8
68555-86-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

25

71799-40-1
71799-41-2
71799-43-4
71807-32-4
71807-40-4
71807-46-0
71807-47-1
71807-53-9
71807-57-3
71807-58-4
71807-59-5
71807-61-9
71819-49-3
71819-50-6
71819-51-7
71819-52-8
71819-54-0
71819-55-1
71819-56-2
71819-57-3

71819-58-4
71819-59-5
71819-60-8
71819-61-9
71819-62-0
71819-63-1
71819-64-2
71819-65-3
71819-66-4
71819-67-5
71819-68-6
71819-69-7
71819-70-0
71819-72-2
71819-73-3
71819-74-4
71819-75-5
71819-76-6
71819-77-7
71819-78-8

71819-79-9
71819-81-3
71819-82-4
71819-84-6
71819-85-7
71819-86-8
71819-88-0
71819-89-1
71819-90-4
71819-93-7
71832-06-9
71832-07-0
71832-08-1
71832-09-2
71832-10-5
71832-11-6
71832-12-7
71832-13-8
71832-15-0
71832-16-1

71832-17-2
71832-18-3
71832-19-4
71832-20-7
71832-25-2
71832-26-3
71832-27-4
71838-36-3
71838-37-4
71838-38-5
71838-40-9
71838-41-0
71838-43-2
71838-44-3
71838-46-5
71838-47-6
71838-48-7
71838-49-8
71838-50-1
71838-51-2

71838-52-3
71838-53-4
71838-57-8
71838-60-3
71838-63-6
71838-64-7
71838-66-9
71838-73-8
71838-98-7
71839-14-0
71839-16-2
71839-17-3
71849-97-3
71872-28-1
71872-29-2
71872-33-8
71872-35-0
71872-39-4
71872-46-3
71872-58-7

71872-68-9
71872-77-0
71872-84-9
71872-88-3
71872-92-9
71888-63-6
71902-02-8
71902-04-0
71902-05-1
71902-06-2
71902-07-3
71902-08-4
71902-09-5
71902-10-8
71902-13-1
71902-15-3
71902-16-4
71902-17-5
71902-18-6
72528-70-2

72749-39-4
72749-40-7
72749-41-8
72749-42-9
72827-67-9
72827-68-0
72827-69-1
72827-70-4
72827-71-5
72827-72-6
72827-73-7
72827-74-8
72827-75-9
72827-76-0
72827-77-1
72827-78-2
72827-79-3
72827-81-7
72827-82-8
72827-84-0

72827-85-1
72827-86-2
72827-87-3
72827-88-4
72827-89-5
72827-90-8
72827-91-9
72827-93-1
72827-94-2
72827-95-3
72827-96-4
72827-97-5
72827-98-6
72827-99-7
72828-01-4
72828-03-6
72828-04-7
72828-05-8
72828-06-9
72828-07-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

26
Acetosol dark Violet 5400
Acid Brown 90
Acid Green 68:1
Acid Orange 24
Acid Orange 72
Acid Orange 8
Acid Red 114
Aciderm Light Brown M5G
Aciderm Light Brown MIGG
Aciderm Light Brown MITT
Acidol Olive MSGL
Acrolite Fast Blue CD
Agrox 3-way seed treatment
2-Amino-2,5-dichlorobenzophenone
1-Amino-4-(3 and 4-methylendimethylamino-anilino)

-9,10-dihydro-9,10-dioxo-anthracene-2-sulfonic acid

2-Amino-5-chloro-4-ethylbenzene
4-[(4-Amino-5-methoxy-o-tolyl)azo]-4-hydroxy-2,7-
naphthalenedisulfonic acid, benzenesulfonate

m-Aminopyrazolone
Amyl cinnamicaldehyde diethylacetal
8-Anilino-5-(p-hydroxyanilino)-1-sulfonic acid
2'-Anilino-6-diethylamino-3-methylfluoran
Anthrasol Brown JBR
Antioxidant AFC
Antioxidant ANPD
Antioxidant KA 9056
Antioxidant KA 9059
Antioxidant MBP 5P
Antiozonant AFD
Araldite DW 0116
Astrazon Black M
Astrazon Brown MD
Bafixan Black BR
Bafixan Black TX 4272
Bafixan Black TX 4275
Bafixan Red TX 4282
Bafixan TX 3418
Bafixan Yellow TX 4277
Bafixan Yellow TX 4279
Bafixan Yellow TX 4281
Barium lithol Red DCC 2308
Basic Blue 27
Basic Violet 66
Basic Yellow 111
Basic fast Black DP
Baysin Lustre K
5-[Bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]-2,2'-chloro- 4-nitrophenylazobenzanilide
4,4'-Bis(α,α-dimethylcarbonyldiphenylamine)
Black leuco dye C 1260
Butranil
CMC Blue C
CMC Blue K
Calco Solvent Blue 1007
Calcofast Spirit Red 1020
Caracid Blue 15R
Caracid Dark Green GN
N-(3-Carboxy-3-hydroxypropyl)-α-tolyloxycarbamate
Carosperse Blue B
Centifol
Centifol acetate

Chloramine Fast Brown No. 12
Chlorazol chloride
4-Chloro-3,5-xylene
3-Chloro-4-hydroxyquinoline-3,4-carbonic acid
1-(4-Chlorophenyl)-3-methyl-N-ethylaniline
Chrome Black WRD
Chrome Leather Fast Black TU
Chromofine Blue bx
Cibacron Navy Blue 2R
Cibacron Print Black G
Clarion Red Lake C Homologue
Cooltreat 101
Coranil Brown FR
Coranil Brown HPM
Coranil Brown LF
Coranil Brown TG
Coranil Gray GB
Coranil Olive HEGB, 3B
Cottestrene Black SR
Cottestrene Black msa
Cottestrene Blue MSBC
Cottestrene Blue SBC
Cottestrene Blue SCL
Cottestrene Brown MSG
Cottestrene Brown SG
Cottestrene Dark Blue msdb
Cottestrene Dark Blue sdb
Cottestrene Green MSFB
Cottestrene Green SFB
Cottestrene Grey SB
Cottestrene Navy Blue sb
Cottestrene Olive Green sb
Cottestrene Red MSBB
Cottestrene Red MSGG
Cottestrene Red SGG
Cottestrene Yellow MS5G
Cottestrene Yellow S5G
Cromophtal Yellow H2R
Cuprophenyl Brown 2BL
Cyanine Blue 103
Cyanoethylmethyl ester
Cyclohexylcyclopentenyl acetate
Cyclopentamine hybenzate
Dark Green M-8305 A
Derma Brown 1288
Derma carbon 1338
Derma carbon BF
Dermafix Havana G
Dextroamphetamine tannate
Di- and tribromosalicylanilide
Diazo Black Fast HNB
2-Diazo-1-naphthol-5-sulfonic acid, sodium salt
4-Diazo-2,5-dimethoxyphenolmorpholine
Diazol Black BN
Diazol Black Fn
O,O'-Diethyl-O'-pyrazinyl phosphorodithioate
3-(Diethylamino)acetanilino
Dihydrophenylglycine
Dimethyl-5-sulfoisophthalate, sodium salt
N,N-Dimethyldibenz[b,e]oxepin-[11(6H),r]propylamine
Dimethyltetrahydrobenzaldehyde

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

27

Direct Black 190
Direct Black L
Direct Blue 125
Direct Brilliant Blue BL
Direct Yellow 314
Direct Yellow 5
Disperse Black 1
Disperse Blue 78
Disperse Brown 1
Disperse Red 73:2
Disperse Violet 27
Disperse Yellow 42
Dispersol Red D 20
Drimalan Green G
EDA Adduct 870
Elbenyl Red CBN
Eporal D.A.D.P.S.
Erionyl Blue P-2R
Erionyl Yellow P3R
2-(N-Ethyl-N-cyanoethyl)-4-acetaminoanisole
Ethylphenylbutanal
Eukesolar Navy Blue R
Euthylen Blue 692
Euvinyl Yellow 128
Fast Blue LM
Fical AF 100
Filamid Red 841
Filamid Yellow 2732
Filester Yellow 2648 A
Filester Yellow 4610
Flexo Black G
Fluorescent Pink M8
Fluorescent Red SW
Glycol adipate
Golden Yellow FGRR
Granox Granox N-M seed treatment
Hansa Red 3B
Hecto Black R
Hello Fast Green 6G-CP
Hostacor H
Hostaprint Red F-5RK
Hostavat Grey EGTB
Hostavat Grey NC
Hostavat Yellow F3GS
2-Hydroxymethylindanol-1-formaldehyde acetate (Indolarome)
Indacid Crimson 6 bl
Indanthrene brilliant Orange rrts
Indenodioxane
Irgalan Brown 2-GLC
Irgalan Green GL-KWL
Irgazin Red 08255 B
Irisol ether
Isobutyldimethyl anthranilate
3-Isocamphyl-5-cyclohexanol
Isophthalo Blue DE 7560
4-Isopropenyl-1-carboxaldehyde, antioxime
Kayarus Supra Yellow PG
Lasamid
Leuco Sulfur Black 10
Levafix Brilliant Blue E3G
Levalan Olive I-GL

Libia Brown TNB
Linnol Blue KLG
Lithol Rubine DCC 2739
Luconyl Black X60
Luconyl Blue 708
Luconyl Yellow 177
Lumin Brown G
Lumin Brown GR
Lumin Brown GT
Lumin Yellow gt
Luminous Red G
Macrolex Red 1069
Maleic acid, tribasic lead salt
Maxilon Dark Blue ZR
Maxilon Red M-Red
2-Mecrcaptobenzothiazole, zinc chloride
Metanilicazoanisidine
1-Methoxy-2-nitroacetylaminobenzene
3-Methyl-5-pyrazolone-1-(4'-sulfophenyl)-5-pyrazolone-

3,3-dicarboxylic acid

p-Methylethylphenyl glycidate
1-Methylisohexylhexahydrobenzaldehyde
p-Methyltetrahydroquinoline
Micracete Yellow A2R
Microlith Black 180 FP
Microlith Blue ABRK
Microlith Bordeaux RA
Microlith Bordeaux RT
Microlith Brown 2R-A
Microlith Brown 5R-K
Microlith Gold G-T
Microlith Green G-K
Microlith Orange 3R-K
Microlith Red BR-K
Microlith Scarlet R-K
Microlith Yellow 2R-K
Microlith Yellow 3R-K
Microlith Yellow 501-T
Microlith Yellow G3K
Mordant Black 98
Mordant Red 11
β-Naphthylisobutyl ether
Neo-indisan
Neopralac Blue RON
Neozapon Green 3G
Nitraminic acid
4-Nitro-2,4-dimethylacetanilide
Nitrodiazoxyl acid
p-Nitrophenol, sodium salt
Nitrosulfon B
Nylanthrene Navy Blue LFWG
1-Octadecenyl-2-naphthenyltetrahydropyrimidine
Octylphenoxydiethoxy chloride
Oricinol monohydrate
Oxanone crystals
d-Oxyphene base
Oxyphenylon
Palacet Black BPD
Palacet Black ND
Palanil Black BL
Palanil Orange 3-GH

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

28
Palanil Orange-2PD
Palanil Red FEN
Palanthrene Black 1FP
Palanthrene Black RBS
Palanthrene Brilliant Green 4gp
Palanthrene Direct Black R
Palanthrene Red FBA
Percacid Brilliant Blue G-2LU
Permanent HR 70
Permanent Red PH4B
Phenylchloroformilate
m-Phenyleneisonaphthalamide
Phenylethyldimethyl acrylate
d(-)-2-Phenylglycine, potassium acetaldehyde salt
Pigment Blue 15:3 β-form
Pigment Fast Green 6G-CP
Pigment Fast IRK
Pigment Green 36
Pigment Red 17
Pigment Red 22
Pigment Red 48:1 Barium
Pigment Red 48:2 Calcium
Pigment Red 49:2 Calcium
Pigment Red 57:1 Calcium
Pigment Red DCC 2747
Pigment Violet 3 PTA
Pigment Violet 49
Pilate Fast Blue RRN
Predisol Blue CF
Predisol Magenta CC 9542
Predisol Red CB 9541
Primulinesulfonic acid
Procion Blue 5G-PC
Procion Brown B
Procion Orange GPC
Procion Red 4G-PC
Procion Yellow HGR
Reactive Orange 78
Red B Corial
Remazol Brilliant Blue BF
Remazol Brilliant GGF
Remazol Brilliant Red 6D
Remazol Brilliant SBB
Reomet SBT
Resocoton Black R
Resocoton Blue G
Resocoton Red G
Resocoton Yellow G
Resolin Black base A
Rhodamine B-SF 7919
Rhodamine F4-FK
Ritamide
Samaron Brown JRN
Samaron Orange BR
Sandocyl Blue B-3GLE
Sandoplast Red 2B
Sandorin Red 1664
Sodium ferric ethylenediaminedihydroxyphenylacetate
Sodium tolyltriazole
Solanthrene Yellow GCL
Solvent 7 Base MR

Solvent Blue 32
Solvent Blue 36
Solvent Blue 59
Solvent Orange 7
Solvent Yellow 77
Special Black 7984
Special Fast Blue G
Spirit Black RB
Spirit Black SB
Spirit Fast Scarlet GM
Spirit Green 4
Spirit Green 6
Spirit Soluble Fast Black M
Spirit Soluble Fast Black RE
Spirit Soluble Fast Fiery Red B
Spirit Soluble Fast Green HLK
Stabaxol P
Subla Print Blue 70032
Subla Print Blue S70038
Subla Print Pink S70009
Subla Print Red 70027
Subla Print Red S70052
Subla Print Yellow 70001
m-Sulfaminopyrazolone
Sulfon BTF
Sulfur Brown BCF
Sulpho Rhodamine BG
Tarasol Black RL
Tectilon Brilliant Blue FR
Tetraphenyltin chloride
Tetraphenyltin hydroxide
Tetraphenyltin succinic acid
Thermoplast Black M
d-Thiolactone
m-Tolidine dihydrochloride
Toluzone
2,3,3-Trimethylindoline
Unisperse Black C paste
Unisperse Red 41211
Urethane Blue paste BU
Urethane Blue paste RS
Urethane Green paste GU
Urethane Red paste BBS
Urethane Red paste BH
Urethane Red paste GU
Urethane Yellow paste GH
Urethane Yellow paste RU
Vat Black P2R
Vat Brown 3
Vat Green 2
Vat Olive Green
Vat Orange 9 12%
Veranthrene Brown br
Veratrolo pure
Vestamid T 170
Vialon Fast Brown RL
Vialon Fast Navy Blue RL
Vulcanox PAN
Vulkacit DC
Vulkacit DM/MG
Vulkacit F/C (K)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

CHEMICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

29

Vulkacit TR
Vulkanox HS

Waxoline Black OBP
Waxoline Rubine TR

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE HARMONIZED TARIFF SCHEDULE

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

2
Table 1.
This table enumerates products described by International Non-proprietary Names INN which shall be entered free of duty under general note
13 to the tariff schedule. The Chemical Abstracts Service CAS registry numbers also set forth in this table are included to assist in the
identification of the products concerned. For purposes of the tariff schedule, any references to a product enumerated in this table includes
such product by whatever name known.

ABACAVIR
ABAFUNGIN
ABAGOVOMAB
ABAMECTIN
ABANOQUIL
ABAPERIDONE
ABARELIX
ABATACEPT
ABCIXIMAB
ABECARNIL
ABETIMUS
ABIRATERONE
ABITESARTAN
ABLUKAST
ABRINEURIN
ABUNIDAZOLE
ACADESINE
ACAMPROSATE
ACAPRAZINE
ACARBOSE
ACEBROCHOL
ACEBURIC ACID
ACEBUTOLOL
ACECAINIDE
ACECARBROMAL
ACECLIDINE
ACECLOFENAC
ACEDAPSONE
ACEDIASULFONE SODIUM
ACEDOBEN
ACEFLURANOL
ACEFURTIAMINE
ACEFYLLINE CLOFIBROL
ACEFYLLINE PIPERAZINE
ACEGLATONE
ACEGLUTAMIDE
ACEMANNAN
ACEMETACIN
ACENEURAMIC ACID
ACENOCOUMAROL
ACEPERONE
ACEPROMAZINE
ACEPROMETAZINE
ACEQUINOLINE
ACESULFAME
ACETAMINOSALOL
ACETARSOL
ACETAZOLAMIDE
ACETERGAMINE
ACETIAMINE
ACETIROMATE
ACETOHEXAMIDE
ACETOHYDROXAMIC ACID
ACETOPHENAZINE

136470-78-5
129639-79-8
792921-10-9
65195-55-3
90402-40-7
183849-43-6
183552-38-7
332348-12-6
143653-53-6
111841-85-1
167362-48-3
154229-19-3
137882-98-5
96566-25-5
178535-93-8
91017-58-2
2627-69-2
77337-76-9
55485-20-6
56180-94-0
514-50-1
26976-72-7
37517-30-9
32795-44-1
77-66-7
827-61-2
89796-99-6
77-46-3
127-60-6
556-08-1
80595-73-9
10072-48-7
70788-27-1
18428-63-2
642-83-1
2490-97-3
110042-95-0
53164-05-9
131-48-6
152-72-7
807-31-8
61-00-7
13461-01-3
42465-20-3
33665-90-6
118-57-0
97-44-9
59-66-5
3031-48-9
299-89-8
2260-08-4
968-81-0
546-88-3
2751-68-0

ACETORPHINE
ACETRYPTINE
ACETYLCHOLINE CHLORIDE
ACETYLCYSTEINE
ACETYLDIGITOXIN
ACETYLLEUCINE
ACETYLMETHADOL
ACEVALTRATE
ACEXAMIC ACID
ACICLOVIR
ACIFRAN
ACIPIMOX
ACITAZANOLAST
ACITEMATE
ACITRETIN
ACIVICIN
ACLANTATE
ACLARUBICIN
ACLATONIUM NAPADISILATE
ACLIDINIUM BROMIDE
ACODAZOLE
ACOLBIFENE
ACONIAZIDE
ACOTIAMIDE
ACOXATRINE
ACREOZAST
ACRIDOREX
ACRIFLAVINIUM CHLORIDE
ACRIHELLIN
ACRISORCIN
ACRIVASTINE
ACROCINONIDE
ACRONINE
ACTAGARDIN
ACTAPLANIN
ACTARIT
ACTINOQUINOL
ACTISOMIDE
ACTODIGIN
ADAFENOXATE
ADALIMUMAB
ADAMEXINE
ADAPALENE
ADAPROLOL
ADARGILEUKIN ALFA
ADATANSERIN
ADECATUMUMAB
ADEFOVIR
ADEKALANT
ADELMIDROL
ADEMETIONINE
ADENOSINE PHOSPHATE
ADERBASIB
ADIBENDAN

25333-77-1
3551-18-6
60-31-1
616-91-1
1111-39-3
99-15-0
509-74-0
25161-41-5
57-08-9
59277-89-3
72420-38-3
51037-30-0
114607-46-4
101197-99-3
55079-83-9
42228-92-2
39633-62-0
57576-44-0
55077-30-0
320345-99-1
79152-85-5
182167-02-8
13410-86-1
185106-16-5
748-44-7
123548-56-1
47487-22-9
8063-24-9
67696-82-6
7527-91-5
87848-99-5
28971-58-6
7008-42-6

37305-75-2
18699-02-0
15301-40-3
96914-39-5
36983-69-4
82168-26-1
331731-18-1
54785-02-3
106685-40-9
101479-70-3
250710-65-7
127266-56-2
503605-66-1
106941-25-7
227940-00-3
1675-66-7
17176-17-9
61-19-8
791828-58-5
100510-33-6

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

3

ADICILLIN
ADIMOLOL
ADINAZOLAM
ADIPHENINE
ADIPIODONE
ADIPIPLON
ADITEREN
ADITOPRIM
ADOPRAZINE
ADOSOPINE
ADOZELESIN
ADRAFINIL
ADRENALONE
ADROGOLIDE
AFALANINE
AFELETECAN
AFELIMOMAB
AFIMOXIFENE
AFLIBERCEPT
AFLOQUALONE
AFOVIRSEN
AFUROLOL
AGALSIDASE BETA
AGALSIDASE ALFA
AGANODINE
AGATOLIMOD
AGLEPRISTONE
AGOMELATINE
AKLOMIDE
ALACEPRIL
ALACIZUMAB PEGOL
ALAFOSFALIN
ALAGEBRIUM CHLORIDE
ALAMIFOVIR
ALANINE
ALANOSINE
ALAPROCLATE
ALATROFLOXACIN
ALAZANINE TRICLOFENATE
ALBACONAZOLE
ALBENDAZOLE OXIDE
ALBENDAZOLE
ALBIFYLLINE
ALBIGLUTIDE
ALBINTERFERON ALFA-2B
ALBUTOIN
ALCAFTADINE
ALCLOFENAC
ALCLOMETASONE
ALCLOXA
ALCURONIUM CHLORIDE
ALDESULFONE SODIUM
ALDIOXA
ALDOSTERONE
ALEFACEPT
ALEGLITAZAR
ALEMCINAL
ALEMTUZUMAB
ALENDRONIC ACID
ALENTEMOL

525-94-0
78459-19-5
37115-32-5
64-95-9
606-17-7
840486-93-3
56066-19-4
56066-63-8
222551-17-9
88124-26-9
110314-48-2
63547-13-7
99-45-6
171752-56-0
2901-75-9
215604-75-4
156227-98-4
68392-35-8
862111-32-8
56287-74-2
151356-08-0
65776-67-2
104138-64-9
104138-64-9
86696-87-9
207623-20-9
124478-60-0
138112-76-2
3011-89-0
74258-86-9
934216-54-3
60668-24-8
341028-37-3
193681-12-8
56-41-7
5854-93-3
60719-82-6
157182-32-6
5779-59-9
187949-02-6
54029-12-8
54965-21-8
107767-55-5
782500-75-8
472960-22-8
830-89-7
147084-10-4
22131-79-9
67452-97-5
1317-25-5
15180-03-7
144-75-2
5579-81-7
52-39-1
222535-22-0
475479-34-6
150785-53-8
216503-57-0
66376-36-1
112891-97-1

ALEPLASININ
ALEPRIDE
ALESTRAMUSTINE
ALEXIDINE
ALEXITOL SODIUM
ALFACALCIDOL
ALFADEX
ALFADOLONE
ALFAPROSTOL
ALFATRADIOL
ALFAXALONE
ALFENTANIL
ALFERMINOGENE TADENOVEC
ALFETAMINE
ALFIMEPRASE
ALFUZOSIN
ALGELDRATE
ALGESTONE
ALGLUCERASE
ALGLUCOSIDASE ALFA
ALIBENDOL
ALICAFORSEN
ALICONAZOLE
ALIFEDRINE
ALIFLURANE
ALILUSEM
ALIMADOL
ALIMEMAZINE
ALINASTINE
ALINIDINE
ALIPAMIDE
ALIPOGENE TIPARVOVEC
ALISKIREN
ALITRETINOIN
ALIZAPRIDE
ALLETORPHINE
ALLOBARBITAL
ALLOCLAMIDE
ALLOCUPREIDE SODIUM
ALLOMETHADIONE
ALLOPURINOL
ALLYLESTRENOL
ALLYLPRODINE
ALLYLTHIOUREA
ALMADRATE SULFATE
ALMAGATE
ALMAGODRATE
ALMASILATE
ALMECILLIN
ALMESTRONE
ALMINOPROFEN
ALMITRINE
ALMOKALANT
ALMOREXANT
ALMOTRIPTAN
ALMOXATONE
ALMURTIDE
ALNESPIRONE
ALNIDITAN
ALOGLIPTIN

481629-87-2
66564-15-6
139402-18-9
22573-93-9
66813-51-2
41294-56-8
10016-20-3
14107-37-0
74176-31-1
57-91-0
23930-19-0
71195-58-9
473553-86-5
4255-23-6
259074-76-5
81403-80-7
1330-44-5
595-77-7
143003-46-7
420784-05-0
26750-81-2
185229-68-9
63824-12-4
78756-61-3
56689-41-9
144506-11-6
52742-40-2
84-96-8
154541-72-7
33178-86-8
3184-59-6
929881-05-0
173334-57-1
5300-03-8
59338-93-1
23758-80-7
52-43-7
5486-77-1
5965-40-2
526-35-2
315-30-0
432-60-0
25384-17-2
109-57-9
60239-66-9
66827-12-1
103371-13-8
71205-22-6
87-09-2
10448-96-1
39718-89-3
27469-53-0
123955-10-2
871224-64-5
154323-57-6
84145-89-1
61136-12-7
138298-79-0
152317-89-0
850649-61-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

4
ALONACIC
ALONIMID
ALORACETAM
ALOSETRON
ALOVUDINE
ALOXIPRIN
ALOXISTATIN
ALOZAFONE
ALPERTINE
ALPHACETYLMETHADOL
ALPHAMEPRODINE
ALPHAMETHADOL
ALPHAPRODINE
ALPIDEM
ALPIROPRIDE
ALPRAFENONE
ALPRAZOLAM
ALPRENOLOL
ALPROSTADIL
ALRESTATIN
ALSACTIDE
ALTANSERIN
ALTAPIZONE
ALTECONAZOLE
ALTEPLASE
ALTINICLINE
ALTIZIDE
ALTOQUALINE
ALTRENOGEST
ALTRETAMINE
ALTUMOMAB
ALUMINIUM CLOFIBRATE
ALUSULF
ALVAMELINE
ALVERINE
ALVESPIMYCIN
ALVIMOPAN
ALVIRCEPT SUDOTOX
ALVOCIDIB
AMADINONE
AMAFOLONE
AMANOZINE
AMANTADINE
AMANTANIUM BROMIDE
AMANTOCILLIN
AMBAMUSTINE
AMBASILIDE
AMBAZONE
AMBENONIUM CHLORIDE
AMBENOXAN
AMBICROMIL
AMBOMYCIN
AMBRISENTAN
AMBROXOL
AMBRUTICIN
AMBUCAINE
AMBUCETAMIDE
AMBUSIDE
AMCINAFAL
AMCINAFIDE

105292-70-4
2897-83-8
119610-26-3
122852-42-0
25526-93-6
9014-67-9
88321-09-9
65899-72-1
27076-46-6
17199-58-5
468-51-9
17199-54-1
77-20-3
82626-01-5
81982-32-3
124316-02-5
28981-97-7
13655-52-2
745-65-3
51411-04-2
34765-96-3
76330-71-7
93277-96-4
93479-96-0
105857-23-6
179120-92-4
5588-16-9
121029-11-6
850-52-2
645-05-6
156586-92-4
24818-79-9
61115-28-4
120241-31-8
150-59-4
467214-20-6
156053-89-3
137487-62-8
146426-40-6
30781-27-2
50588-47-1
537-17-7
768-94-5
58158-77-3
10004-67-8
85754-59-2
83991-25-7
539-21-9
115-79-7
2455-84-7
58805-38-2
1402-81-9
177036-94-1
18683-91-5
58857-02-6
119-29-9
519-88-0
3754-19-6
3924-70-7
7332-27-6

AMCINONIDE
AMDOXOVIR
AMEBUCORT
AMEDALIN
AMEDIPLASE
AMELOMETASONE
AMELTOLIDE
AMELUBANT
AMESERGIDE
AMETANTRONE
AMEZEPINE
AMEZINIUM METILSULFATE
AMFEBUTAMONE
AMFECLORAL
AMFENAC
AMFEPENTOREX
AMFEPRAMONE
AMFETAMINE
AMFETAMINIL
AMFLUTIZOLE
AMFOMYCIN
AMFONELIC ACID
AMIBEGRON
AMICARBALIDE
AMICIBONE
AMICYCLINE
AMIDANTEL
AMIDAPSONE
AMIDEFRINE MESILATE
AMIFAMPRIDINE
AMIFLAMINE
AMIFLOVERINE
AMIFLOXACIN
AMIFOSTINE
AMIGLUMIDE
AMIKACIN
AMIKHELLINE
AMILORIDE
AMINDOCATE
AMINEPTINE
AMINITROZOLE
AMINOACRIDINE
AMINOCAPROIC ACID
AMINOETHYL NITRATE
AMINOGLUTETHIMIDE
AMINOMETRADINE
AMINOPHENAZONE
AMINOPHENAZONE CYCLAMATE
AMINOPHYLLINE
AMINOPROMAZINE
AMINOPTERIN SODIUM
AMINOQUINOL
AMINOQUINURIDE
AMINOREX
AMINOTHIAZOLE
AMINOXYTRIPHENE
AMIODARONE
AMIPERONE
AMIPHENAZOLE
AMIPIZONE

51022-69-6
145514-04-1
83625-35-8
22136-26-1
151912-11-7
123013-22-9
787-93-9
346735-24-8
121588-75-8
64862-96-0
60575-32-8
30578-37-1
34911-55-2
5581-35-1
51579-82-9
15686-27-8
90-84-6
300-62-9
17590-01-1
82114-19-0
1402-82-0
15180-02-6
121524-08-1
3459-96-9
23271-63-8
5874-95-3
49745-00-8
3569-77-5
1421-68-7
54-96-6
77518-07-1
54063-24-0
86393-37-5
20537-88-6
119363-62-1
37517-28-5
4439-67-2
2609-46-3
31386-24-0
57574-09-1
140-40-9
90-45-9
60-32-2
646-02-6
125-84-8
642-44-4
58-15-1
747-30-8
317-34-0
58-37-7
58602-66-7
10023-54-8
3811-56-1
2207-50-3
96-50-4
5585-64-8
1951-25-3
1580-71-8
490-55-1
69635-63-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

5

AMIPRILOSE
AMIQUINSIN
AMISOMETRADINE
AMISULPRIDE
AMITEROL
AMITIVIR
AMITRAZ
AMITRIPTYLINE
AMITRIPTYLINOXIDE
AMIXETRINE
AMLEXANOX
AMLINTIDE
AMLODIPINE
AMOBARBITAL
AMOCARZINE
AMODIAQUINE
AMOGASTRIN
AMOLANONE
AMOLIMOGENE BEPIPLASMID
AMONAFIDE
AMOPROXAN
AMOPYROQUINE
AMOROLFINE
AMOSCANATE
AMOSULALOL
AMOTOSALEN
AMOXAPINE
AMOXECAINE
AMOXICILLIN
AMOXYDRAMINE CAMSILATE
AMPEROZIDE
AMPHENIDONE
AMPHOTALIDE
AMPHOTERICIN B
AMPICILLIN
AMPIROXICAM
AMPRENAVIR
AMPROLIUM
AMPYRIMINE
AMPYZINE
AMQUINATE
AMRINONE
AMRUBICIN
AMSACRINE
AMSILAROTENE
AMTOLMETIN GUACIL
AMYLMETACRESOL
ANACETRAPIB
ANAGESTONE
ANAGRELIDE
ANAKINRA
ANAMORELIN
ANARITIDE
ANASTROZOLE
ANATIBANT
ANATUMOMAB MAFENATOX
ANAXIRONE
ANAZOCINE
ANAZOLENE SODIUM
ANCAROLOL

56824-20-5
13425-92-8
550-28-7
71675-85-9
54063-25-1
111393-84-1
33089-61-1
50-48-6
4317-14-0
24622-72-8
68302-57-8
122384-88-7
88150-42-9
57-43-2
36590-19-9
86-42-0
16870-37-4
76-65-3
870524-46-2
69408-81-7
22661-76-3
550-81-2
78613-35-1
26328-53-0
85320-68-9
161262-29-9
14028-44-5
553-65-1
26787-78-0
15350-99-9
75558-90-6
134-37-2
1673-06-9
1397-89-3
69-53-4
99464-64-9
161814-49-9
121-25-5
5587-93-9
5214-29-9
17230-85-2
60719-84-8
110267-81-7
51264-14-3
125973-56-0
87344-06-7
1300-94-3
875446-37-0
2740-52-5
68475-42-3
143090-92-0
249921-19-5
95896-08-5
120511-73-1
209733-45-9

77658-97-0
15378-99-1
3861-73-2
75748-50-4

ANCESTIM
ANCITABINE
ANCRIVIROC
ANCROD
ANDOLAST
ANDROSTANOLONE
ANECORTAVE
ANGIOTENSIN II
ANGIOTENSINAMIDE
ANIDOXIME
ANIDULAFUNGIN
ANILAMATE
ANILERIDINE
ANILOPAM
ANIPAMIL
ANIRACETAM
ANIROLAC
ANISACRIL
ANISINDIONE
ANISOPIROL
ANISPERIMUS
ANISTREPLASE
ANITRAZAFEN
ANPIRTOLINE
ANRUKINZUMAB
ANSOXETINE
ANTAFENITE
ANTAZOLINE
ANTAZONITE
ANTELMYCIN
ANTHIOLIMINE
ANTIENITE
ANTITHROMBIN III, HUMAN
ANTITHROMBIN ALFA
ANTRAFENINE
ANTRAMYCIN
APADENOSON
APADOLINE
APAFANT
APALCILLIN
APAXIFYLLINE
APAZIQUONE
APICYCLINE
APILIMOD
APIXABAN
APLAVIROC
APLINDORE (PALINDORE)
APOLIZUMAB
APOVINCAMINE
APRACLONIDINE
APRAMYCIN
APRATASTAT
APREMILAST
APREPITANT
APRICITABINE
APRICOXIB
APRIKALIM
APRINDINE
APRINOCARSEN
APROBARBITAL

163545-26-4
31698-14-3
370893-06-4
9046-56-4
132640-22-3
521-18-6
7753-60-8
4474-91-3
53-73-6
34297-34-2
166663-25-8
5591-49-1
144-14-9
53716-46-4
83200-10-6
72432-10-1
66635-85-6
5129-14-6
117-37-3
442-03-5
170368-04-4
81669-57-0
63119-27-7
98330-05-3
910649-32-0
79130-64-6
15301-45-8
91-75-8
25422-75-7
1402-84-2
305-97-5
5029-05-0
9000-94-6
84720-88-7
55300-29-3
4803-27-4
250386-15-3
135003-30-4
105219-56-5
63469-19-2
151581-23-6
114560-48-4
15599-51-6
541550-19-0
503612-47-3
461443-59-4
189681-70-7
267227-08-7
4880-92-6
66711-21-5
37321-09-8
287405-51-0
608141-41-9
170729-80-3
160707-69-7
197904-84-0
92569-65-8
37640-71-4
151879-73-1
77-02-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

6
APROFENE
APROSULATE SODIUM
APROTININ
APTAZAPINE
APTIGANEL
APTOCAINE
ARANIDIPINE
ARANOTIN
ARAPROFEN
ARASERTACONAZOLE
ARBACLOFEN PLACARBIL
ARBAPROSTIL
ARBEKACIN
ARBUTAMINE
ARCITUMOMAB
ARCLOFENIN
ARDACIN
ARDENERMIN
ARDEPARIN SODIUM
ARFALASIN
ARFENDAZAM
ARFORMOTEROL
ARGATROBAN
ARGIMESNA
ARGININE
ARGIPRESSIN
ARGIPRESTOCIN
ARILDONE
ARIMOCLOMOL
ARIPIPRAZOLE
ARMODAFINIL
ARNOLOL
AROFYLLINE
ARONIXIL
AROTINOLOL
ARPRINOCID
ARPROMIDINE
ARSANILIC ACID
ARSTHINOL
ARTEFLENE
ARTEMETHER
ARTEMIFONE
ARTEMISININ
ARTEMOTIL
ARTENIMOL
ARTEROLANE
ARTESUNATE
ARTICAINE
ARTILIDE
ARUNDIC ACID
ARZOXIFENE
ASCORBIC ACID
ASCORBYL GAMOLENATE
ASELIZUMAB
ASENAPINE
ASERIPIDE
ASIMADOLINE
ASOBAMAST
ASOCAINOL
ASOPRISNIL ECAMATE

3563-01-7
123072-45-7
9004-04-0
71576-40-4
137159-92-3
19281-29-9
86780-90-7
19885-51-9
15250-13-2
583057-48-1
847353-30-4
55028-70-1
51025-85-5
128470-16-6
154361-48-5
87071-16-7
117742-13-9
305391-49-5
9041-08-1
60173-73-1
37669-57-1
67346-49-0
74863-84-6
106854-46-0
74-79-3
113-79-1
113-80-4
56219-57-9
289893-25-0
129722-12-9
112111-43-0
87129-71-3
136145-07-8
86627-15-8
68377-92-4
55779-18-5
106669-71-0
98-50-0
119-96-0
123407-36-3
71963-77-4
255730-18-8
63968-64-9
75887-54-6
81496-81-3
664338-39-0
88495-63-0
23964-58-1
133267-19-3
185517-21-9
182133-25-1
50-81-7
109791-32-4
395639-53-9
65576-45-6
153242-02-5
153205-46-0
104777-03-9
77400-65-8
222732-94-7

ASOPRISNIL
ASPARTAME
ASPARTIC ACID
ASPARTOCIN
ASPOXICILLIN
ASTEMIZOLE
ASTROMICIN
ATACICEPT
ATACIGUAT
ATAMESTANE
ATAPROST
ATAQUIMAST
ATAZANAVIR
ATENOLOL
ATEVIRDINE
ATEXAKIN ALFA
ATIBEPRONE
ATILMOTIN
ATIPAMEZOLE
ATIPRIMOD
ATIPROSIN
ATIZORAM
ATLIPROFEN
ATOCALCITOL
ATOLIDE
ATOROLIMUMAB
ATORVASTATIN
ATOSIBAN
ATOVAQUONE
ATRACURIUM BESILATE
ATRASENTAN
ATRELEUTON
ATRIMUSTINE
ATRINOSITOL
ATROMEPINE
ATROPINE METHONITRATE
ATROPINE OXIDE
AURANOFIN
AUROTHIOGLYCANIDE
AVANAFIL
AVASIMIBE
AVICATONIN
AVILAMYCIN
AVIPTADIL
AVISCUMINE
AVITRIPTAN
AVIZAFONE
AVOBENZONE
AVOPARCIN
AVORELIN
AVOSENTAN
AVOTERMIN
AVRIDINE
AXAMOZIDE
AXITINIB
AXITIROME
AXOMADOL
AZABON
AZABUPERONE
AZACITIDINE

199396-76-4
22839-47-0
56-84-8
4117-65-1
63358-49-6
68844-77-9
55779-06-1
845264-92-8
254877-67-3
96301-34-7
83997-19-7
182316-31-0
198904-31-3
29122-68-7
136816-75-6
143631-61-2
153420-96-3
533927-56-9
104054-27-5
123018-47-3
89303-63-9
135637-46-6
108912-17-0
302904-82-1
16231-75-7
202833-08-7
134523-00-5
90779-69-4
95233-18-4
64228-81-5
195733-43-8
154355-76-7
75219-46-4
28841-62-5
428-07-9
52-88-0
4438-22-6
34031-32-8
16925-51-2
330784-47-9
166518-60-1
103451-84-9
11051-71-1
40077-57-4
223577-45-5
151140-96-4
65617-86-9
70356-09-1
37332-99-3
140703-49-7
290815-26-8
182212-66-4
35607-20-6
85076-06-8
319460-85-0
156740-57-7
187219-95-0
1150-20-5
2856-81-7
320-67-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

7

AZACLORZINE
AZACONAZOLE
AZACOSTEROL
AZACYCLONOL
AZAFTOZINE
AZALANSTAT
AZALOMYCIN
AZALOXAN
AZAMETHONIUM BROMIDE
AZAMULIN
AZANATOR
AZANIDAZOLE
AZAPERONE
AZAPROCIN
AZAPROPAZONE
AZAQUINZOLE
AZARIBINE
AZASERINE
AZASETRON
AZASPIRIUM CHLORIDE
AZASTENE
AZATADINE
AZATEPA
AZATHIOPRINE
AZELAIC ACID
AZELASTINE
AZELNIDIPINE
AZEPEXOLE
AZEPINDOLE
AZETIRELIN
AZIDAMFENICOL
AZIDOCILLIN
AZILSARTAN MEDOXOMIL
AZILSARTAN
AZIMEXON
AZIMILIDE
AZINTAMIDE
AZIPRAMINE
AZITHROMYCIN
AZLOCILLIN
AZOLIMINE
AZOSEMIDE
AZOTOMYCIN
AZOXIMER BROMIDE
AZTREONAM
AZUMOLENE
BACAMPICILLIN
BACITRACIN
BACLOFEN
BACMECILLINAM
BAFETINIB
BAKEPROFEN
BALAGLITAZONE
BALAMAPIMOD
BALAZIPONE
BALICATIB
BALOFLOXACIN
BALSALAZIDE
BAMALUZOLE
BAMAQUIMAST

49864-70-2
60207-31-0
313-05-3
115-46-8
54063-26-2
143393-27-5
54182-65-9
72822-56-1
306-53-6
76530-44-4
37855-92-8
62973-76-6
1649-18-9
448-34-0
13539-59-8
5234-86-6
2169-64-4
115-02-6
123040-69-7
34959-30-3
13074-00-5
3964-81-6
125-45-1
446-86-6
123-99-9
58581-89-8
123524-52-7
36067-73-9
26304-61-0
95729-65-0
13838-08-9
17243-38-8
863031-21-4
147403-03-0
64118-86-1
149908-53-2
1830-32-6
58503-82-5
83905-01-5
37091-66-0
40828-45-3
27589-33-9
7644-67-9
892497-01-7
78110-38-0
64748-79-4
50972-17-3
1405-87-4
1134-47-0
50846-45-2
859212-16-1
117819-25-7
199113-98-9
863029-99-6
137109-71-8
354813-19-7
127294-70-6
80573-04-2
87034-87-5
135779-82-7

BAMBERMYCIN
BAMBUTEROL
BAMETHAN
BAMIFYLLINE
BAMINERCEPT
BAMIPINE
BAMIRASTINE
BAMNIDAZOLE
BANOXANTRONE
BAPINEUZUMAB
BAQUILOPRIM
BARBEXACLONE
BARBITAL
BARBITAL SODIUM
BARIXIBAT
BARMASTINE
BARNIDIPINE
BARUCAINIDE
BARUSIBAN
BASIFUNGIN
BASILIXIMAB
BATABULIN
BATANOPRIDE
BATEBULAST
BATELAPINE
BATILOL
BATIMASTAT
BATOPRAZINE
BATROXOBIN
BAVITUXIMAB
BAXITOZINE
BAZEDOXIFENE
BAZINAPRINE
BECAMPANEL
BECANTONE
BECAPLERMIN
BECATECARIN
BECIPARCIL
BECLAMIDE
BECLICONAZOLE
BECLOBRATE
BECLOMETASONE
BECLOTIAMINE
BECOCALCIDIOL
BECTUMOMAB
BEDEROCIN
BEDORADRINE
BEFETUPITANT
BEFIPERIDE
BEFIRADOL
BEFLOXATONE
BEFUNOLOL
BEFURALINE
BEGACESTAT
BEKANAMYCIN
BELAPERIDONE
BELARIZINE
BELATACEPT
BELFOSDIL
BELIMUMAB

11015-37-5
81732-65-2
3703-79-5
2016-63-9
909110-25-4
4945-47-5
215529-47-8
31478-45-2
136470-65-0
648895-38-9
102280-35-3
4388-82-3
57-44-3
144-02-5
263562-28-3
99156-66-8
104713-75-9
79784-22-8
285571-64-4
127785-64-2
179045-86-4
195533-53-0
102670-46-2
81907-78-0
95634-82-5
544-62-7
130370-60-4
105685-11-8
9039-61-6
648904-28-3
84386-11-8
198481-32-2
94011-82-2
188696-80-2
15351-04-9
165101-51-9
119673-08-4
130782-54-6
501-68-8
112893-26-2
55937-99-0
4419-39-0
13471-78-8
524067-21-8
158318-63-9
757942-43-1
194785-19-8
290296-68-3
100927-14-8
208110-64-9
134564-82-2
39552-01-7
41717-30-0
769169-27-9
4696-76-8
156862-51-0
52395-99-0
706808-37-9
103486-79-9
356547-88-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

8
BELINOSTAT
BELOTECAN
BELOXAMIDE
BELOXEPIN
BEMARINONE
BEMEGRIDE
BEMESETRON
BEMETIZIDE
BEMINAFIL
BEMITRADINE
BEMORADAN
BEMOTRIZINOL
BENACTYZINE
BENAFENTRINE
BENAPRIZINE
BENAXIBINE
BENAZEPRIL
BENAZEPRILAT
BENCIANOL
BENCISTEINE
BENCLONIDINE
BENCYCLANE
BENDACALOL
BENDAMUSTINE
BENDAZAC
BENDAZOL
BENDERIZINE
BENDROFLUMETHIAZIDE
BENETHAMINE PENICILLIN
BENEXATE
BENFLUOREX
BENFOSFORMIN
BENFOTIAMINE
BENFURODIL HEMISUCCINATE
BENHEPAZONE
BENIDIPINE
BENMOXIN
BENOLIZIME
BENORILATE
BENORTERONE
BENOXAFOS
BENOXAPROFEN
BENPENOLISIN
BENPERIDOL
BENPROPERINE
BENRIXATE
BENSALAN
BENSERAZIDE
BENSULDAZIC ACID
BENTAMAPIMOD
BENTAZEPAM
BENTEMAZOLE
BENTIAMINE
BENTIPIMINE
BENTIROMIDE
BENURESTAT
BENZALKONIUM CHLORIDE
BENZAPRINOXIDE
BENZARONE
BENZATHINE BENZYLPENICILLIN

414864-00-9
256411-32-2
15256-58-3
135928-30-2
92210-43-0
64-65-3
40796-97-2
1824-52-8
566906-50-1
88133-11-3
112018-01-6
187393-00-6
302-40-9
35135-01-4
22487-42-9
27661-27-4
86541-75-5
86541-78-8
85443-48-7
42293-72-1
57647-79-7
2179-37-5
81703-42-6
16506-27-7
20187-55-7
621-72-7
59752-23-7
73-48-3
751-84-8
78718-52-2
23602-78-0
52658-53-4
22457-89-2
3447-95-8
363-13-3
105979-17-7
7654-03-7
61864-30-0
5003-48-5
3570-10-3
16759-59-4
51234-28-7
61990-92-9
2062-84-2
2156-27-6
24671-26-9
15686-76-7
322-35-0
1219-77-8
848344-36-5
29462-18-8
63927-95-7
299-88-7
17692-23-8
37106-97-1
38274-54-3
8001-54-5
52758-02-8
1477-19-6
1538-09-6

BENZATROPINE
BENZBROMARONE
BENZESTROL
BENZETHIDINE
BENZETHONIUM CHLORIDE
BENZETIMIDE
BENZFETAMINE
BENZILONIUM BROMIDE
BENZINDOPYRINE
BENZIODARONE
BENZMALECENE
BENZNIDAZOLE
BENZOBARBITAL
BENZOCAINE
BENZOCLIDINE
BENZOCTAMINE
BENZODEPA
BENZODODECINIUM CHLORIDE
BENZONATATE
BENZOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE
BENZOTRIPT
BENZOXIQUINE
BENZOXONIUM CHLORIDE
BENZPIPERYLONE
BENZPYRINIUM BROMIDE
BENZQUERCIN
BENZQUINAMIDE
BENZTHIAZIDE
BENZYDAMINE
BENZYLPENICILLIN
BENZYLSULFAMIDE
BEPAFANT
BEPERIDIUM IODIDE
BEPERMINOGENE PERPLASMID
BEPHENIUM HYDROXYNAPHTHOATE
BEPIASTINE
BEPOTASTINE
BEPRIDIL
BERAPROST
BEREFRINE
BERLAFENONE
BERMOPROFEN
BEROCTOCOG ALFA
BERTILIMUMAB
BERTOSAMIL
BERUBICIN
BERUPIPAM
BERVASTATIN
BERYTHROMYCIN
BESIFLOXACIN
BESIGOMSIN
BESILESOMAB
BESIPIRDINE
BESULPAMIDE
BESUNIDE
BETACAROTENE
BETACETYLMETHADOL
BETADEX
BETAHISTINE
BETAMEPRODINE

86-13-5
3562-84-3
85-95-0
3691-78-9
121-54-0
119391-55-8
156-08-1
1050-48-2
16571-59-8
68-90-6
148-07-2
22994-85-0
744-80-9
94-09-7
16852-81-6
17243-39-9
1980-45-6
139-07-1
104-31-4
13696-15-6
39544-74-6
86-75-9
19379-90-9
53-89-4
587-46-2
13157-90-9
63-12-7
91-33-8
642-72-8
61-33-6
104-22-3
114776-28-2
86434-57-3
627861-07-8
3818-50-6
10189-94-3
125602-71-3
64706-54-3
88430-50-6
105567-83-7
18965-97-4
72619-34-2
9001-27-8
375348-49-5
126825-36-3
677017-23-1
150490-85-0
132017-01-7
527-75-3
141388-76-3
58546-54-6
537694-98-7
119257-34-0
90992-25-9
36148-38-6
7235-40-7
17199-59-6
7585-39-9
5638-76-6
468-50-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

9

BETAMETHADOL
BETAMETHASONE
BETAMETHASONE ACIBUTATE
BETAMICIN
BETAMIPRON
BETANIDINE
BETAPRODINE
BETASIZOFIRAN
BETAXOLOL
BETAZOLE
BETIATIDE
BETOXYCAINE
BETRIXABAN
BEVACIZUMAB
BEVANTOLOL
BEVASIRANIB
BEVIRIMAT
BEVONIUM METILSULFATE
BEXAROTENE
BEXLOSTERIDE
BEZAFIBRATE
BEZITRAMIDE
BIALAMICOL
BIAPENEM
BIBAPCITIDE
BIBENZONIUM BROMIDE
BIBROCATHOL
BICALUTAMIDE
BICIFADINE
BICIROMAB
BICLODIL
BICLOFIBRATE
BICLOTYMOL
BICOZAMYCIN
BIDIMAZIUM IODIDE
BIDISOMIDE
BIETAMIVERINE
BIETASERPINE
BIFARCEPT
BIFEMELANE
BIFEPRAMIDE
BIFEPROFEN
BIFEPRUNOX
BIFLURANOL
BIFONAZOLE
BILASTINE
BIMAKALIM
BIMATOPROST
BIMOSIAMOSE
BINDARIT
BINEDALINE
BINETRAKIN
BINFLOXACIN
BINIFIBRATE
BINIRAMYCIN
BINIZOLAST
BINODENOSON
BINOSPIRONE
BIORESMETHRIN
BIOTIN

17199-55-2
378-44-9
5534-05-4
36889-15-3
3440-28-6
55-73-2
468-59-7
39464-87-4
63659-18-7
105-20-4
103725-47-9
3818-62-0
330942-05-7
216974-75-3
59170-23-9
959961-96-7
174022-42-5
5205-82-3
153559-49-0
148905-78-6
41859-67-0
15301-48-1
493-75-4
120410-24-4
153507-46-1
15585-70-3
6915-57-7
90357-06-5
71195-57-8
138783-13-8
85125-49-1
54063-27-3
15686-33-6
38129-37-2
21817-73-2
116078-65-0
479-81-2
53-18-9
163796-60-9
90293-01-9
70976-76-0
108210-73-7
350992-10-8
34633-34-6
60628-96-8
202189-78-4
117545-11-6
155206-00-1
187269-40-5
130641-38-2
60662-16-0
207137-56-2
108437-28-1
69047-39-8
11056-11-4
86662-54-6
144348-08-3
102908-59-8
28434-01-7
58-85-5

BIPENAMOL
BIPERIDEN
BIPHASIC INSULIN INJECTION
BIRICODAR
BIRIPERONE
BISACODYL
BISANTRENE
BISARAMIL
BISBENDAZOLE
BISBENTIAMINE
BISFENAZONE
BISFENTIDINE
BISNAFIDE
BISOBRIN
BISOCTRIZOLE
BISOPROLOL
BISORCIC
BISOXATIN
BITHIONOL
BITHIONOLOXIDE
BITIPAZONE
BITOLTEROL
BITOSCANATE
BIVALIRUDIN
BIVATUZUMAB
BIZELESIN
BLEOMYCIN
BLONANSERIN
BLUENSOMYCIN
BOCEPREVIR
BOFUMUSTINE
BOLANDIOL
BOLASTERONE
BOLAZINE
BOLDENONE
BOLENOL
BOLMANTALATE
BOMETOLOL
BOPINDOLOL
BORNAPRINE
BORNAPROLOL
BORNELONE
BORTEZOMIB
BOSENTAN
BOSUTINIB
BOTIACRINE
BOXIDINE
BRALLOBARBITAL
BRASOFENSINE
BRAZERGOLINE
BRECANAVIR
BREFONALOL
BREMAZOCINE
BREMELANOTIDE
BREQUINAR
BRETAZENIL
BRETYLIUM TOSILATE
BRIFENTANIL
BRIMONIDINE
BRINASE

79467-22-4
514-65-8
8063-29-4
159997-94-1
41510-23-0
603-50-9
78186-34-2
89194-77-4
32195-33-8
2667-89-2
55837-24-6
96153-56-9
144849-63-8
22407-74-5
103597-45-1
66722-44-9
39825-23-5
17692-24-9
97-18-7
844-26-8
13456-08-1
30392-40-6
4044-65-9
128270-60-0
214559-60-1
129655-21-6
11056-06-7
132810-10-7
11011-72-6
394730-60-0
55102-44-8
19793-20-5
1605-89-6
4267-81-6
846-48-0
16915-78-9
1491-81-2
65008-93-7
62658-63-3
20448-86-6
66451-06-7
2226-11-1
179324-69-7
147536-97-8
380843-75-4
4774-53-2
10355-14-3
561-86-4
171655-91-7
60019-20-7
313682-08-5
104051-20-9
71990-00-6
189691-06-3
96187-53-0
84379-13-5
61-75-6
101345-71-5
59803-98-4
9000-99-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

10
BRINAZARONE
BRINDOXIME
BRINZOLAMIDE
BRIOBACEPT
BRIVANIB ALANINATE
BRIVARACETAM
BRIVUDINE
BROBACTAM
BROCLEPRIDE
BROCRESINE
BROCRINAT
BRODIMOPRIM
BROFAROMINE
BROFEZIL
BROFOXINE
BROLACONAZOLE
BROLAMFETAMINE
BROMACRYLIDE
BROMADOLINE
BROMAMIDE
BROMAZEPAM
BROMAZINE
BROMCHLORENONE
BROMEBRIC ACID
BROMELAINS
BROMERGURIDE
BROMETENAMINE
BROMFENAC
BROMHEXINE
BROMINDIONE
BROMISOVAL
BROMOCICLEN
BROMOCRIPTINE
BROMOFENOFOS
BROMOFOS
BROMOPRIDE
BROMOXANIDE
BROMPERIDOL
BROMPHENIRAMINE
BRONOPOL
BROPARESTROL
BROPERAMOLE
BROPIRIMINE
BROQUINALDOL
BROSOTAMIDE
BROSTALLICIN
BROSUXIMIDE
BROTIANIDE
BROTIZOLAM
BROVANEXINE
BROVINCAMINE
BROXALDINE
BROXATEROL
BROXITALAMIC ACID
BROXURIDINE
BROXYQUINOLINE
BUCAINIDE
BUCELIPASE ALFA
BUCETIN
BUCICLOVIR

89622-90-2
55837-17-7
138890-62-7
869881-54-9
649735-63-7
357336-20-0
69304-47-8
26631-90-3
71195-56-7
555-65-7
72481-99-3
56518-41-3
63638-91-5
17969-45-8
21440-97-1
108894-40-2
64638-07-9
4213-51-8
67579-24-2
332-69-4
1812-30-2
118-23-0
5579-85-1
5711-40-0
9001-00-7
83455-48-5
15585-71-4
91714-94-2
3572-43-8
1146-98-1
496-67-3
1715-40-8
25614-03-3
21466-07-9
2104-96-3
4093-35-0
41113-86-4
10457-90-6
86-22-6
52-51-7
479-68-5
33144-79-5
56741-95-8
15599-52-7
40912-73-0
203258-60-0
22855-57-8
23233-88-7
57801-81-7
54340-61-3
57475-17-9
3684-46-6
76596-57-1
86216-41-3
59-14-3
521-74-4
51481-62-0
9026-00-0
1083-57-4
86304-28-1

BUCILLAMINE
BUCINDOLOL
BUCLADESINE
BUCLIZINE
BUCLOSAMIDE
BUCLOXIC ACID
BUCOLOME
BUCRICAINE
BUCRILATE
BUCROMARONE
BUCUMOLOL
BUDESONIDE
BUDIPINE
BUDOTITANE
BUDRALAZINE
BUFENADRINE
BUFENIODE
BUFETOLOL
BUFEXAMAC
BUFEZOLAC
BUFLOMEDIL
BUFOGENIN
BUFORMIN
BUFROLIN
BUFURALOL
BULAQUINE
BUMADIZONE
BUMECAINE
BUMEPIDIL
BUMETANIDE
BUMETRIZOLE
BUNAFTINE
BUNAMIDINE
BUNAMIODYL
BUNAPROLAST
BUNAZOSIN
BUNITROLOL
BUNOLOL
BUPARVAQUONE
BUPHENINE
BUPICOMIDE
BUPIVACAINE
BUPRANOLOL
BUPRENORPHINE
BUQUINERAN
BUQUINOLATE
BUQUITERINE
BURAMATE
BURODILINE
BUSERELIN
BUSPIRONE
BUSULFAN
BUTACAINE
BUTACLAMOL
BUTADIAZAMIDE
BUTAFOSFAN
BUTALAMINE
BUTALBITAL
BUTAMIRATE
BUTAMISOLE

65002-17-7
71119-11-4
362-74-3
82-95-1
575-74-6
32808-51-8
841-73-6
316-15-4
1069-55-2
78371-66-1
58409-59-9
51333-22-3
57982-78-2
85969-07-9
36798-79-5
604-74-0
22103-14-6
53684-49-4
2438-72-4
50270-32-1
55837-25-7
465-39-4
692-13-7
54867-56-0
54340-62-4
223661-25-4
3583-64-0
30103-44-7
62052-97-5
28395-03-1
3896-11-5
32421-46-8
3748-77-4
1233-53-0
99107-52-5
80755-51-7
34915-68-9
27591-01-1
88426-33-9
447-41-6
22632-06-0
2180-92-9
14556-46-8
52485-79-7
59184-78-0
5486-03-3
76536-74-8
4663-83-6
36121-13-8
57982-77-1
36505-84-7
55-98-1
149-16-6
51152-91-1
7007-88-7
17316-67-5
22131-35-7
77-26-9
18109-80-3
54400-59-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

11

BUTAMOXANE
BUTANILICAINE
BUTANIXIN
BUTANSERIN
BUTANTRONE
BUTAPERAZINE
BUTAPROST
BUTAVERINE
BUTAXAMINE
BUTEDRONIC ACID
BUTENAFINE
BUTERIZINE
BUTETAMATE
BUTHALITAL SODIUM
BUTIBUFEN
BUTIDRINE
BUTIKACIN
BUTILFENIN
BUTINAZOCINE
BUTINOLINE
BUTIROSIN
BUTIXIRATE
BUTIXOCORT
BUTIZIDE
BUTOBENDINE
BUTOCONAZOLE
BUTOCROLOL
BUTOCTAMIDE
BUTOFILOLOL
BUTONATE
BUTOPAMINE
BUTOPIPRINE
BUTOPROZINE
BUTOPYRAMMONIUM IODIDE
BUTORPHANOL
BUTOXYLATE
BUTRIPTYLINE
BUTROPIUM BROMIDE
BUTYNAMINE
BUZEPIDE METIODIDE
CABASTINE
CABAZITAXEL
CABERGOLINE
CACTINOMYCIN
CADRALAZINE
CADROFLOXACIN
CAFAMINOL
CAFEDRINE
CALCIFEDIOL
CALCIPOTRIOL
CALCITONIN
CALCITONIN, BOVINE
CALCITONIN, CHICKEN
CALCITONIN, EEL
CALCITONIN, HUMAN
CALCITONIN, PORCINE
CALCITONIN, RAT
CALCITONIN, SALMON
CALCITRIOL
CALCIUM BENZAMIDOSALICYLATE

4442-60-8
3785-21-5
55285-35-3
87051-46-5
75464-11-8
653-03-2
69648-38-0
55837-14-4
2922-20-5
51395-42-7
101828-21-1
68741-18-4
14007-64-8
510-90-7
55837-18-8
7433-10-5
59733-86-7
66292-52-2
93821-75-1
968-63-8
12772-35-9
19992-80-4
120815-74-9
2043-38-1
55769-65-8
64872-76-0
55165-22-5
32838-26-9
64552-17-6
126-22-7
66734-12-1
55837-15-5
62228-20-0
7077-30-7
42408-82-2
15302-05-3
35941-65-2
29025-14-7
3735-65-7
15351-05-0
79449-98-2
183133-96-2
81409-90-7
8052-16-2
64241-34-5
153808-85-6
30924-31-3
58166-83-9
19356-17-3
112828-00-9
9007-12-9
26112-29-8
100016-62-4
57014-02-5
21215-62-3
12321-44-7
11118-25-5
47931-85-1
32222-06-3
528-96-1

CALCIUM CLOFIBRATE
CALCIUM DOBESILATE
CALCIUM FOLINATE
CALCIUM GLUBIONATE
CALCIUM GLUCOHEPTONATE
CALCIUM LEVOFOLINATE
CALCIUM PANTOTHENATE
CALCIUM SACCHARATE
CALCIUM SODIUM FERRICLATE
CALCIUM TRISODIUM PENTETATE
CALCOBUTROL
CALDARET
CALDIAMIDE
CALOXETIC ACID
CALTERIDOL
CALUSTERONE
CAMAZEPAM
CAMBENDAZOLE
CAMIGLIBOSE
CAMIVERINE
CAMOBUCOL
CAMONAGREL
CAMOSTAT
CAMPHOTAMIDE
CAMYLOFIN
CANAKINUMAB (HEAVY CHAIN)
CANAKINUMAB (LIGHT CHAIN)
CANBISOL
CANDESARTAN
CANDICIDIN
CANDOCURONIUM IODIDE
CANDOXATRIL
CANDOXATRILAT
CANERTINIB
CANFOSFAMIDE
CANGRELOR
CANNABINOL
CANRENOIC ACID
CANRENONE
CANTUZUMAB MERTANSINE
CAPADENOSON
CAPECITABINE
CAPESEROD
CAPOBENIC ACID
CAPRAVIRINE
CAPRAVIRINUM
CAPREOMYCIN
CAPROMAB
CAPROMORELIN
CAPROXAMINE
CAPTAMINE
CAPTODIAME
CAPTOPRIL
CAPURIDE
CARABERSAT
CARACEMIDE
CARAFIBAN
CARAMIPHEN
CARAZOLOL
CARBACHOL

39087-48-4
20123-80-2
1492-18-8
12569-38-9
17140-60-2
80433-71-2
137-08-6
5793-88-4
34150-62-4
12111-24-9
151878-23-8
133804-44-1
128326-81-8
135306-78-4
132722-73-7
17021-26-0
36104-80-0
26097-80-3
127214-23-7
54063-28-4
216167-92-9
105920-77-2
59721-28-7
4876-45-3
54-30-8
402710-25-2
402710-27-4
56689-43-1
139481-59-7
1403-17-4
54278-85-2
123122-55-4
123122-54-3
267243-28-7
158382-37-7
163706-06-7
521-35-7
4138-96-9
976-71-6
400010-39-1
544417-40-5
154361-50-9
769901-96-4
21434-91-3
178979-85-6
178979-85-6
11003-38-6
151763-64-3
193273-66-4
53078-44-7
108-02-1
486-17-9
62571-86-2
5579-13-5
184653-84-7
81424-67-1
177563-40-5
77-22-5
57775-29-8
51-83-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

12
CARBADOX
CARBALDRATE
CARBAMAZEPINE
CARBANTEL
CARBARIL
CARBARSONE
CARBASALATE CALCIUM
CARBAZERAN
CARBAZOCHROME SALICYLATE
CARBAZOCHROME SODIUM SUL-

FONATE

CARBAZOCHROME
CARBAZOCINE
CARBENICILLIN
CARBENOXOLONE
CARBENZIDE
CARBETIMER
CARBETOCIN
CARBIDOPA
CARBIFENE
CARBIMAZOLE
CARBINOXAMINE
CARBOCISTEINE
CARBOCLORAL
CARBOCROMEN
CARBOFENOTION
CARBOMYCIN
CARBOPLATIN
CARBOPROST
CARBOQUONE
CARBROMAL
CARBUBARB
CARBURAZEPAM
CARBUTAMIDE
CARBUTEROL
CARCAINIUM CHLORIDE
CAREBASTINE
CARFECILLIN
CARFENAZINE
CARFENTANIL
CARFILZOMIB
CARFIMATE
CARGLUMIC ACID
CARGUTOCIN
CARICOTAMIDE
CARINDACILLIN
CARIPORIDE
CARIPRAZINE
CARISBAMATE
CARISOPRODOL
CARMANTADINE
CARMEGLIPTIN
CARMETIZIDE
CARMOFUR
CARMOTEROL
CARMOXIROLE
CARMUSTINE
CARNIDAZOLE
CARNITINE
CAROCAINIDE

6804-07-5
41342-54-5
298-46-4
22790-84-7
63-25-2
121-59-5
5749-67-7
70724-25-3
13051-01-9

51460-26-5

69-81-8
15686-38-1
4697-36-3
5697-56-3
3240-20-8
82230-03-3
37025-55-1
28860-95-9
15687-16-8
22232-54-8
486-16-8
638-23-3
541-79-7
804-10-4
786-19-6
4564-87-8
41575-94-4
35700-23-3
24279-91-2
77-65-6
960-05-4
59009-93-7
339-43-5
34866-47-2
1042-42-8
90729-42-3
27025-49-6
2622-30-2
59708-52-0
868540-17-4
3567-38-2
1188-38-1
33605-67-3
64881-21-6
35531-88-5
159138-80-4
839712-12-8
194085-75-1
78-44-4
38081-67-3
813452-18-5
42583-55-1
61422-45-5
147568-66-9
98323-83-2
154-93-8
42116-76-7
461-06-3
66203-00-7

CAROVERINE
CAROXAZONE
CARPERIDINE
CARPERITIDE
CARPERONE
CARPINDOLOL
CARPIPRAMINE
CARPRAZIDIL
CARPROFEN
CARPRONIUM CHLORIDE
CARSALAM
CARSATRIN
CARTASTEINE
CARTAZOLATE
CARTEOLOL
CARUBICIN
CARUMONAM
CARVEDILOL
CARVOTROLINE
CARZELESIN
CARZENIDE
CASOKEFAMIDE
CASOPITANT
CASPOFUNGIN
CATHINE
CATHINONE
CATRAMILAST
CATRIDECACOG
CATUMAXOMAB
CEBARACETAM
CEDEFINGOL
CEDELIZUMAB
CEDIRANIB
CEFACETRILE
CEFACLOR
CEFADROXIL
CEFALEXIN
CEFALOGLYCIN
CEFALONIUM
CEFALORAM
CEFALORIDINE
CEFALOTIN
CEFAMANDOLE
CEFAPAROLE
CEFAPIRIN
CEFATRIZINE
CEFAZAFLUR
CEFAZEDONE
CEFAZOLIN
CEFBUPERAZONE
CEFCANEL
CEFCANEL DALOXATE
CEFCAPENE
CEFCLIDIN
CEFDALOXIME
CEFDINIR
CEFDITOREN
CEFEDROLOR
CEFEMPIDONE
CEFEPIME

23465-76-1
18464-39-6
7528-13-4
89213-87-6
20977-50-8
39731-05-0
5942-95-0
68020-77-9
53716-49-7
13254-33-6
2037-95-8
125363-87-3
149079-51-6
34966-41-1
51781-06-7
50935-04-1
87638-04-8
72956-09-3
107266-08-0
119813-10-4
138-41-0
98815-38-4
414910-27-3
162808-62-0
492-39-7
71031-15-7
183659-72-5
606138-08-3
509077-98-9
113957-09-8
35301-24-7
159586-90-2
288383-20-0
10206-21-0
53994-73-3
50370-12-2
15686-71-2
3577-01-3
5575-21-3
859-07-4
50-59-9
153-61-7
34444-01-4
51627-20-4
21593-23-7
51627-14-6
58665-96-6
56187-47-4
25953-19-9
76610-84-9
41952-52-7
97275-40-6
135889-00-8
105239-91-6
80195-36-4
91832-40-5
104145-95-1
57847-69-5
103238-57-9
88040-23-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

13

CEFETAMET
CEFETECOL
CEFETRIZOLE
CEFIVITRIL
CEFIXIME
CEFLUPRENAM
CEFMATILEN
CEFMENOXIME
CEFMEPIDIUM CHLORIDE
CEFMETAZOLE
CEFMINOX
CEFODIZIME
CEFONICID
CEFOPERAZONE
CEFORANIDE
CEFOSELIS
CEFOTAXIME
CEFOTETAN
CEFOTIAM
CEFOVECIN
CEFOXAZOLE
CEFOXITIN
CEFOZOPRAN
CEFPIMIZOLE
CEFPIRAMIDE
CEFPIROME
CEFPODOXIME
CEFPROZIL
CEFQUINOME
CEFRADINE
CEFROTIL
CEFROXADINE
CEFSULODIN
CEFSUMIDE
CEFTAROLINE FOSAMIL
CEFTAZIDIME
CEFTERAM
CEFTEZOLE
CEFTIBUTEN
CEFTIOFUR
CEFTIOLENE
CEFTIOXIDE
CEFTIZOXIME
CEFTIZOXIME ALAPIVOXIL
CEFTOBIPROLE
CEFTOBIPROLE MEDOCARIL
CEFTRIAXONE
CEFURACETIME
CEFUROXIME
CEFUZONAM
CELECOXIB
CELGOSIVIR
CELIPROLOL
CELIVARONE
CELLABURATE
CELLACEFATE
CELUCLORAL
CEMADOTIN
CENERSEN
CERICLAMINE

65052-63-3
117211-03-7
65307-12-2
66474-36-0
79350-37-1
116853-25-9
140128-74-1
65085-01-0
107452-79-9
56796-20-4
75481-73-1
69739-16-8
61270-58-4
62893-19-0
60925-61-3
122841-10-5
63527-52-6
69712-56-7
61622-34-2
234096-34-5
36920-48-6
35607-66-0
113359-04-9
84880-03-5
70797-11-4
84957-29-9
80210-62-4
92665-29-7
84957-30-2
38821-53-3
52231-20-6
51762-05-1
62587-73-9
54818-11-0
229016-73-3
72558-82-8
82547-58-8
26973-24-0
97519-39-6
80370-57-6
77360-52-2
71048-88-9
68401-81-0
135821-54-4
209467-52-7
376653-43-9
73384-59-5
39685-31-9
55268-75-2
82219-78-1
169590-42-5
121104-96-9
56980-93-9
401925-43-7
9004-36-8
9004-38-0
302-17-0
159776-69-9
872847-66-0
112922-55-1

CERIVASTATIN
CERONAPRIL
CERTOLIZUMAB PEGOL
CERTOPARIN SODIUM
CERULETIDE
CESIUM (131 CS) CHLORIDE
CETABEN
CETALKONIUM CHLORIDE
CETAMOLOL
CETEFLOXACIN
CETERMIN
CETHEXONIUM CHLORIDE
CETHROMYCIN
CETIEDIL
CETILISTAT
CETIRIZINE
CETOCYCLINE
CETOFENICOL
CETOHEXAZINE
CETOMACROGOL 1000
CETOTIAMINE
CETOXIME
CETRAXATE
CETRIMIDE
CETRIMONIUM BROMIDE
CETRORELIX
CETUXIMAB
CETYLPYRIDINIUM CHLORIDE
CEVIMELINE
CEVIPABULIN
CEVOGLITAZAR
CHAULMOSULFONE
CHENODEOXYCHOLIC ACID
CHINIOFON
CHLORACYZINE
CHLORALODOL
CHLORALOSE
CHLORAMBUCIL
CHLORAMPHENICOL
CHLORAZANIL
CHLORAZODIN
CHLORBENZOXAMINE
CHLORBETAMIDE
CHLORCYCLIZINE
CHLORDIAZEPOXIDE
CHLORDIMORINE
CHLORHEXIDINE
CHLORISONDAMINE CHLORIDE
CHLORMADINONE
CHLORMERODRIN
CHLORMERODRIN (197 HG)
CHLORMETHINE
CHLORMEZANONE
CHLORMIDAZOLE
CHLORNAPHAZINE
CHLOROBUTANOL
CHLOROCRESOL
CHLOROPREDNISONE
CHLOROPROCAINE
CHLOROPYRAMINE

145599-86-6
111223-26-8
428863-50-7
67330-25-0
17650-98-5
15690-63-8
55986-43-1
122-18-9
34919-98-7
141725-88-4
157238-32-9
58703-78-9
205110-48-1
14176-10-4
282526-98-1
83881-51-0
53228-00-5
735-52-4
7007-92-3
9004-95-9
137-76-8
25394-78-9
34675-84-8
505-86-2
57-09-0
120287-85-6
205923-56-4
123-03-5
107223-08-9
849550-05-6
839673-52-8
473-32-5
474-25-9
8002-90-2
800-22-6
3563-58-4
15879-93-3
305-03-3
56-75-7
500-42-5
502-98-7
522-18-9
97-27-8
82-93-9
58-25-3
494-14-4
55-56-1
69-27-2
1961-77-9
62-37-3
10375-56-1
51-75-2
80-77-3
3689-76-7
494-03-1
57-15-8
59-50-7
52080-57-6
133-16-4
59-32-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

14
CHLOROPYRILENE
CHLOROQUINE
CHLOROSERPIDINE
CHLOROTHIAZIDE
CHLOROTRIANISENE
CHLOROXYLENOL
CHLORPHENAMINE
CHLORPHENESIN
CHLORPHENOCTIUM AMSONATE
CHLORPHENOXAMINE
CHLORPHENTERMINE
CHLORPROETHAZINE
CHLORPROGUANIL
CHLORPROMAZINE
CHLORPROPAMIDE
CHLORPROTHIXENE
CHLORQUINALDOL
CHLORTALIDONE
CHLORTETRACYCLINE
CHLORTHENOXAZINE
CHLORZOXAZONE
CHOLINE ALFOSCERATE
CHOLINE GLUCONATE
CHOLINE SALICYLATE
CHOLINE THEOPHYLLINATE
CHOLINE FENOFIBRATE
CHORIOGONADOTROPIN ALFA
CHORIONIC GONADOTROPIN
CHROMOCARB
CHYMOPAPAIN
CHYMOTRYPSIN
CIADOX
CIAMEXON
CIANERGOLINE
CIANIDANOL
CIANOPRAMINE
CIAPILOME
CIBENZOLINE
CICAPROST
CICARPERONE
CICLACILLIN
CICLACTATE
CICLAFRINE
CICLAZINDOL
CICLESONIDE
CICLETANINE
CICLINDOLE
CICLIOMENOL
CICLOBENDAZOLE
CICLOFENAZINE
CICLOHEXIMIDE
CICLONICATE
CICLONIUM BROMIDE
CICLOPIROX
CICLOPRAMINE
CICLOPROFEN
CICLOPROLOL
CICLOSIDOMINE
CICLOSPORIN
CICLOTIZOLAM

148-65-2
54-05-7
7008-24-4
58-94-6
569-57-3
88-04-0
132-22-9
104-29-0
7168-18-5
77-38-3
461-78-9
84-01-5
537-21-3
50-53-3
94-20-2
113-59-7
72-80-0
77-36-1
57-62-5
132-89-8
95-25-0
28319-77-9
507-30-2
2016-36-6
4499-40-5
856676-23-8
177073-44-8
9002-61-3
4940-39-0
9001-09-6
9004-07-3
65884-46-0
75985-31-8
74627-35-3
154-23-4
66834-24-0
53131-74-1
53267-01-9
95722-07-9
54063-29-5
3485-14-1
15145-14-9
55694-98-9
37751-39-6
141845-82-1
89943-82-8
32211-97-5
10572-34-6
31431-43-3
17692-26-1
66-81-9
53449-58-4
29546-59-6
29342-05-0
33545-56-1
36950-96-6
63659-12-1
66564-16-7
59865-13-3
58765-21-2

CICLOTROPIUM BROMIDE
CICLOXILIC ACID
CICLOXOLONE
CICORTONIDE
CICROTOIC ACID
CIDEFERRON
CIDOFOVIR
CIDOXEPIN
CIFOSTODINE
CIGLITAZONE
CIHEPTOLANE
CILADOPA
CILANSETRON
CILASTATIN
CILAZAPRIL
CILAZAPRILAT
CILENGITIDE
CILMOSTIM
CILNIDIPINE
CILOBAMINE
CILOBRADINE
CILOFUNGIN
CILOMILAST
CILOSTAMIDE
CILOSTAZOL
CILTOPRAZINE
CILUPREVIR
CILUTAZOLINE
CIMATEROL
CIMEMOXIN
CIMEPANOL
CIMETIDINE
CIMETROPIUM BROMIDE
CIMICOXIB
CIMOXATONE
CINACALCET
CINACIGUAT
CINALUKAST
CINAMETIC ACID
CINAMOLOL
CINANSERIN
CINAPROXEN
CINCHOCAINE
CINCHOPHEN
CINECROMEN
CINEPAXADIL
CINEPAZET
CINEPAZIC ACID
CINEPAZIDE
CINFENINE
CINFENOAC
CINFLUMIDE
CINGESTOL
CINITAPRIDE
CINMETACIN
CINNAMAVERINE
CINNAMEDRINE
CINNARIZINE
CINNARIZINE CLOFIBRATE
CINNOFURADIONE

85166-20-7
57808-63-6
52247-86-6
19705-61-4
25229-42-9
64440-87-5
113852-37-2
3607-18-9
633-90-9
74772-77-3
34753-46-3
80109-27-9
120635-74-7
82009-34-5
88768-40-5
90139-06-3
188968-51-6
148637-05-2
132203-70-4
69429-84-1
109859-50-9
79404-91-4
153259-65-5
68550-75-4
73963-72-1
54063-30-8
300832-84-2
104902-08-1
54239-37-1
3788-16-7
29474-12-2
51481-61-9
51598-60-8
265114-23-6
73815-11-9
226256-56-0
329773-35-5
128312-51-6
35703-32-3
39099-98-4
1166-34-3
89163-44-0
85-79-0
132-60-5
62380-23-8
69118-25-8
23887-41-4
54063-23-9
23887-46-9
54141-87-6
66984-59-6
64379-93-7
16915-71-2
66564-14-5
20168-99-4
1679-75-0
90-86-8
298-57-7
60763-49-7
477-80-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

15

CINNOPENTAZONE
CINOCTRAMIDE
CINOLAZEPAM
CINOQUIDOX
CINOXACIN
CINOXATE
CINOXOLONE
CINOXOPAZIDE
CINPERENE
CINPRAZOLE
CINPROPAZIDE
CINROMIDE
CINTRAMIDE
CINTREDEKIN BESUDOTOX
CINUPERONE
CIOTERONEL
CIPAMFYLLINE
CIPEMASTAT
CIPRAFAMIDE
CIPRALISANT
CIPRAZAFONE
CIPREFADOL
CIPROCINONIDE
CIPROFIBRATE
CIPROFLOXACIN
CIPROKIREN
CIPROPRIDE
CIPROQUAZONE
CIPROQUINATE
CIPROSTENE
CIPROXIMIDE
CIRAMADOL
CIRAZOLINE
CIROLEMYCIN
CISAPRIDE
CISATRACURIUM BESILATE
CISCONAZOLE
CISMADINONE
CISPLATIN
CISTINEXINE
CITALOPRAM
CITATEPINE
CITATUZUMAB BOGATOX
CITENAMIDE
CITENAZONE
CITICOLINE
CITIOLONE
CIZOLIRTINE
CLADRIBINE
CLAMIDOXIC ACID
CLAMIKALANT
CLAMOXYQUINE
CLANFENUR
CLANOBUTIN
CLANTIFEN
CLARITHROMYCIN
CLAVULANIC ACID
CLAZOLAM
CLAZOLIMINE
CLAZOSENTAN

2056-56-6
28598-08-5
75696-02-5
64557-97-7
28657-80-9
104-28-9
31581-02-9
88053-05-8
14796-24-8
51493-19-7
23887-47-0
58473-74-8
5588-21-6
372075-36-0
82117-51-9
89672-11-7
132210-43-6
190648-49-8
35452-73-4
213027-19-1
75616-03-4
59889-36-0
58524-83-7
52214-84-3
85721-33-1
143631-62-3
68475-40-1
33453-23-5
19485-08-6
81845-44-5
15518-76-0
63269-31-8
59939-16-1
11056-12-5
81098-60-4
96946-42-8
104456-79-3
54063-31-9
15663-27-1
86042-50-4
59729-33-8
65509-66-2
945228-49-9
10423-37-7
21512-15-2
987-78-0
1195-16-0
142155-43-9
4291-63-8
6170-69-0
158751-64-5
2545-39-3
51213-99-1
30544-61-7
16562-98-4
81103-11-9
58001-44-8
10171-69-4
40828-44-2
180384-56-9

CLAZURIL
CLEBOPRIDE
CLEFAMIDE
CLEMASTINE
CLEMEPROL
CLEMIZOLE PENICILLIN
CLEMIZOLE
CLENBUTEROL
CLENOLIXIMAB
CLENPIRIN
CLENTIAZEM
CLETOQUINE
CLEVIDIPINE
CLEVUDINE
CLIBUCAINE
CLIDAFIDINE
CLIDANAC
CLIDINIUM BROMIDE
CLIMAZOLAM
CLIMBAZOLE
CLIMIQUALINE
CLINAFLOXACIN
CLINDAMYCIN
CLINOFIBRATE
CLINOLAMIDE
CLINPROST
CLIOQUINOL
CLIOXANIDE
CLIPROFEN
CLIROPAMINE
CLOBAZAM
CLOBENOSIDE
CLOBENZEPAM
CLOBENZOREX
CLOBENZTROPINE
CLOBETASOL
CLOBETASONE
CLOBUTINOL
CLOBUZARIT
CLOCANFAMIDE
CLOCAPRAMINE
CLOCIGUANIL
CLOCINIZINE
CLOCORTOLONE
CLOCOUMAROL
CLODACAINE
CLODANOLENE
CLODANTOIN
CLODAZON
CLODOXOPONE
CLODRONIC ACID
CLOFARABINE
CLOFAZIMINE
CLOFEDANOL
CLOFENAMIC ACID
CLOFENAMIDE
CLOFENCICLAN
CLOFENETAMINE
CLOFENOTANE
CLOFENOXYDE

101831-36-1
55905-53-8
3576-64-5
15686-51-8
71827-56-0
6011-39-8
442-52-4
37148-27-9
182912-58-9
27050-41-5
96125-53-0
4298-15-1
166432-28-6
163252-36-6
15302-10-0
33588-20-4
34148-01-1
3485-62-9
59467-77-5
38083-17-9
55150-67-9
105956-97-6
18323-44-9
30299-08-2
3207-50-9
88931-51-5
130-26-7
14437-41-3
51022-75-4
109525-44-2
22316-47-8
29899-95-4
1159-93-9
13364-32-4
5627-46-3
25122-41-2
54063-32-0
14860-49-2
22494-47-9
18966-32-0
47739-98-0
3378-93-6
298-55-5
4828-27-7
35838-63-2
5626-25-5
14796-28-2
5588-20-5
4755-59-3
71923-34-7
10596-23-3
123318-82-1
2030-63-9
791-35-5
4295-55-0
671-95-4
5632-52-0
511-46-6
50-29-3
3030-53-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

16
CLOFENVINFOS
CLOFEVERINE
CLOFEXAMIDE
CLOFEZONE
CLOFIBRATE
CLOFIBRIC ACID
CLOFIBRIDE
CLOFILIUM PHOSPHATE
CLOFLUPEROL
CLOFOCTOL
CLOFOREX
CLOFURAC
CLOGESTONE
CLOGUANAMIL
CLOMACRAN
CLOMEGESTONE
CLOMETACIN
CLOMETERONE
CLOMETHIAZOLE
CLOMETOCILLIN
CLOMIFENE
CLOMIFENOXIDE
CLOMINOREX
CLOMIPRAMINE
CLOMOCYCLINE
CLOMOXIR
CLONAZEPAM
CLONAZOLINE
CLONIDINE
CLONITAZENE
CLONITRATE
CLONIXERIL
CLONIXIN
CLOPAMIDE
CLOPENTHIXOL
CLOPERASTINE
CLOPERIDONE
CLOPIDOGREL
CLOPIDOL
CLOPIMOZIDE
CLOPIPAZAN
CLOPIRAC
CLOPONONE
CLOPREDNOL
CLOPROSTENOL
CLOPROTHIAZOLE
CLOQUINATE
CLOQUINOZINE
CLORACETADOL
CLORAL BETAINE
CLORAMFENICOL PANTOTENATE

COMPLEX
CLORANOLOL
CLORETATE
CLOREXOLONE
CLORGILINE
CLORICROMEN
CLORIDAROL
CLORINDANIC ACID
CLORINDANOL

470-90-6
54340-63-5
1223-36-5
60104-29-2
637-07-0
882-09-7
26717-47-5
68379-03-3
10457-91-7
37693-01-9
14261-75-7
60986-89-2
20047-75-0
21702-93-2
5310-55-4
5367-84-0
25803-14-9
5591-27-5
533-45-9
1926-49-4
911-45-5
97642-74-5
3876-10-6
303-49-1
1181-54-0
88431-47-4
1622-61-3
17692-28-3
4205-90-7
3861-76-5
2612-33-1
21829-22-1
17737-65-4
636-54-4
982-24-1
3703-76-2
4052-13-5
113665-84-2
2971-90-6
53179-12-7
60085-78-1
42779-82-8
15301-50-5
5251-34-3
40665-92-7
6469-36-9
7270-12-4
5220-68-8
15687-05-5
2218-68-0

31342-36-6

39563-28-5
5634-37-7
2127-01-7
17780-72-2
68206-94-0
3611-72-1
153-43-5
145-94-8

CLORINDIONE
CLORMECAINE
CLOROFENE
CLOROPERONE
CLOROQUALONE
CLOROTEPINE
CLORPRENALINE
CLORSULON
CLORTERMINE
CLOSANTEL
CLOSIRAMINE
CLOSTEBOL
CLOTIAPINE
CLOTIAZEPAM
CLOTICASONE
CLOTIOXONE
CLOTIXAMIDE
CLOTRIMAZOLE
CLOVOXAMINE
CLOXACEPRIDE
CLOXACILLIN
CLOXAZOLAM
CLOXESTRADIOL
CLOXIMATE
CLOXIQUINE
CLOXOTESTOSTERONE
CLOXYPENDYL
CLOZAPINE
COBAMAMIDE
COBIPROSTONE
COCARBOXYLASE
CODACTIDE
CODOXIME
COFISATIN
COGAZOCINE
COLECALCIFEROL
COLESEVELAM
COLESTILAN
COLESTIPOL
COLESTOLONE
COLESTYRAMINE
COLEXTRAN
COLFENAMATE
COLFORSIN
COLFOSCERIL PALMITATE
COLIMECYCLINE
COLISTIMETHATE SODIUM
COLISTIN
COLTEROL
COLURACETAM
COMPOUND INSULIN ZINC SUSPEN-

SION

COMPOUND SOLUTION OF
COMPOUND SOLUTION OF
CONATUMUMAB
CONESSINE
CONESTAT ALFA
CONIVAPTAN
CONORFONE
CONTUSUGENE LADENOVEC

1146-99-2
13930-34-2
120-32-1
61764-61-2
25509-07-3
13448-22-1
3811-25-4
60200-06-8
10389-73-8
57808-65-8
47135-88-6
1093-58-9
2058-52-8
33671-46-4
87556-66-9
1856-34-4
4177-58-6
23593-75-1
54739-19-4
65569-29-1
61-72-3
24166-13-0
54063-33-1
58832-68-1
130-16-5
53608-96-1
15311-77-0
5786-21-0
13870-90-1
333963-42-1
154-87-0
22572-04-9
7125-76-0
54063-34-2
57653-29-9
67-97-0
182815-43-6
95522-45-5
50925-79-6
50673-97-7
11041-12-6
9015-73-0
30531-86-3
66575-29-9
63-89-8
58298-92-3
30387-39-4
1066-17-7
18866-78-9
135463-81-9

8049-62-5

896731-82-1
546-06-5
80295-38-1
210101-16-9
72060-05-0
600735-73-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

17

CORBADRINE
CORIFOLLITROPIN ALFA
CORMETASONE
CORTICORELIN
CORTICOTROPIN
CORTICOTROPIN ZINC HYDROXIDE
CORTISONE
CORTISUZOL
CORTIVAZOL
CORTODOXONE
COTININE
COTRIPTYLINE
COUMAFOS
COUMAMYCIN
COUMAZOLINE
COUMETAROL
CREATINOLFOSFATE
CRESOTAMIDE
CRIDANIMOD
CRILVASTATIN
CRISNATOL
CROBENETINE
CROCONAZOLE
CROMAKALIM
CROMITRILE
CROMOGLICATE LISETIL
CROMOGLICIC ACID
CRONIDIPINE
CROPROPAMIDE
CROSCARMELLOSE
CROSPOVIDONE
CROTAMITON
CROTETAMIDE
CROTONIAZIDE
CRUFOMATE
CRYOFLUORANE
CUPRIMYXIN
CUPROXOLINE
CUSTIRSEN
CYACETACIDE
CYAMEMAZINE
CYANOCOBALAMIN
CYANOCOBALAMIN (57 CO)
CYANOCOBALAMIN (58 CO)
CYANOCOBALAMIN (60 CO)
CYCLANDELATE
CYCLARBAMATE
CYCLAZOCINE
CYCLAZODONE
CYCLEXANONE
CYCLIRAMINE
CYCLIZINE
CYCLOBARBITAL
CYCLOBENZAPRINE
CYCLOBUTOIC ACID
CYCLOBUTYROL
CYCLOFENIL
CYCLOGUANIL EMBONATE
CYCLOMENOL
CYCLOMETHYCAINE

829-74-3
195962-23-3
35135-68-3

9002-60-2
8049-55-6
53-06-5
50801-44-0
1110-40-3
152-58-9
486-56-6
34662-67-4
56-72-4
4434-05-3
37681-00-8
4366-18-1
6903-79-3
14008-60-7
38609-97-1
120551-59-9
96389-68-3
221019-25-6
77175-51-0
94470-67-4
53736-51-9
110816-79-0
16110-51-3
113759-50-5
633-47-6
9000-11-7
9003-39-8
483-63-6
6168-76-9
7007-96-7
299-86-5
76-14-2
28069-65-0
13007-93-7
903916-27-8
140-87-4
3546-03-0
68-19-9
13115-03-2
18195-32-9
13422-53-2
456-59-7
5779-54-4
3572-80-3
14461-91-7
15301-52-7
47128-12-1
82-92-8
52-31-3
303-53-7
17692-20-5
512-16-3
2624-43-3
609-78-9
5591-47-9
139-62-8

CYCLOPENTAMINE
CYCLOPENTHIAZIDE
CYCLOPENTOLATE
CYCLOPHOSPHAMIDE
CYCLOPREGNOL
CYCLOPROPANE
CYCLOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE
CYCLOSERINE
CYCLOTHIAZIDE
CYCLOVALONE
CYCOTIAMINE
CYCRIMINE
CYHEPTAMIDE
CYHEPTROPINE
CYNARINE
CYPENAMINE
CYPRAZEPAM
CYPRENORPHINE
CYPRODENATE
CYPROHEPTADINE
CYPROLIDOL
CYPROTERONE
CYROMAZINE
CYSTEINE
CYTARABINE
DABELOTINE
DABIGATRAN
DABIGATRAN ETEXILATE
DABUZALGRON
DACARBAZINE
DACEMAZINE
DACETUZUMAB
DACINOSTAT
DACISTEINE
DACLIXIMAB
DACOPAFANT
DACTINOMYCIN
DACURONIUM BROMIDE
DAGAPAMIL
DAGLUTRIL
DALANATED INSULIN
DALBAVANCIN
DALBRAMINOL
DALCETRAPIB
DALCOTIDINE
DALEDALIN
DALFOPRISTIN
DALTEPARIN SODIUM
DALTROBAN
DALVASTATIN
DAMETRALAST
DAMOTEPINE
DANAPAROID SODIUM
DANAZOL
DANIPLESTIM
DANIQUIDONE
DANITRACEN
DANOFLOXACIN
DANOSTEINE
DANTROLENE

102-45-4
742-20-1
512-15-2
50-18-0
465-53-2
75-19-4
15599-22-1
68-41-7
2259-96-3
579-23-7
6092-18-8
77-39-4
7199-29-3
602-40-4
1884-24-8
15301-54-9
15687-07-7
4406-22-8
15585-86-1
129-03-3
4904-00-1
2098-66-0
66215-27-8
52-90-4
147-94-4
118976-38-8
211914-51-1
211915-06-9
219311-44-1
4342-03-4
518-61-6
880486-59-9
404951-53-7
18725-37-6
152923-56-3
125372-33-0
50-76-0
27115-86-2
85247-76-3
182821-27-8
9004-12-0
171500-79-1
81528-80-5
211513-37-0
120958-90-9
22136-27-2
112362-50-2
9041-08-1
79094-20-5
132100-55-1
71680-63-2
1469-07-4
83513-48-8
17230-88-5
161753-30-6
67199-66-0
31232-26-5
112398-08-0
4938-00-5
7261-97-4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

18
DANTRON
DANUSERTIB
DAPABUTAN
DAPAGLIFLOZIN
DAPICLERMINE
DAPIPRAZOLE
DAPITANT
DAPIVIRINE
DAPORINAD
DAPOXETINE
DAPSONE
DAPTOMYCIN
DARAPLADIB
DARBEPOETIN ALFA
DARBUFELONE
DARENZEPINE
DARGLITAZONE
DARIFENACIN
DARINAPARSIN
DARODIPINE
DAROTROPIUM BROMIDE
DARSIDOMINE
DARUNAVIR
DARUSENTAN
DASANTAFIL
DASATINIB
DATELLIPTIUM CHLORIDE
DAUNORUBICIN
DAVASAICIN
DAXALIPRAM
DAZADROL
DAZEPINIL
DAZIDAMINE
DAZMEGREL
DAZOLICINE
DAZOPRIDE
DAZOQUINAST
DAZOXIBEN
DEANOL ACEGLUMATE
DEBOXAMET
DEBRISOQUINE
DEBROPOL
DECAMETHONIUM BROMIDE
DECIMEMIDE
DECITABINE
DECITROPINE
DECLENPERONE
DECLOPRAMIDE
DECLOXIZINE
DECOMINOL
DECOQUINATE
DECTAFLUR
DEDITONIUM BROMIDE
DEFERASIROX
DEFERIPRONE
DEFERITRIN
DEFEROXAMINE
DEFIBROTIDE
DEFLAZACORT
DEFOSFAMIDE

117-10-2
827318-97-8
6582-31-6
461432-26-8
444069-80-1
72822-12-9
153438-49-4
244767-67-7
201034-75-5
119356-77-3
80-08-0
103060-53-3
356057-34-6
209810-58-2
139226-28-1
84629-61-8
141200-24-0
133099-04-4
69819-86-9
72803-02-2
850607-58-8
137500-42-6
206361-99-1
171714-84-4
569351-91-3
302962-49-8
105118-14-7
20830-81-3
147497-64-1
189940-24-7
47029-84-5
75991-50-3
75522-73-5
76894-77-4
61477-97-2
70181-03-2
76002-75-0
78218-09-4
3342-61-8
34024-41-4
1131-64-2
24403-04-1
541-22-0
14817-09-5
2353-33-5
1242-69-9
63388-37-4
891-60-1
3733-63-9
60812-35-3
18507-89-6
36505-83-6
2401-56-1
201530-41-8
30652-11-0
239101-33-8
70-51-9
83712-60-1
14484-47-0
3733-81-1

DEFOSLIMOD
DEGARELIX
DEHYDROCHOLIC ACID
DEHYDROEMETINE
DELANTERONE
DELAPRIL
DELAVIRDINE
DELEQUAMINE
DELERGOTRILE
DELFANTRINE
DELFAPRAZINE
DELIGOPARIN SODIUM
DELIMOTECAN
DELMADINONE
DELMETACIN
DELMITIDE
DELMOPINOL
DELORAZEPAM
DELOXOLONE
DELPROSTENATE
DELTIBANT
DELUCEMINE
DEMBREXINE
DEMECARIUM BROMIDE
DEMECLOCYCLINE
DEMECOLCINE
DEMECYCLINE
DEMEGESTONE
DEMELVERINE
DEMEXIPTILINE
DEMIDITRAZ
DEMOCONAZOLE
DEMOXEPAM
DEMOXYTOCIN
DENAGLIPTIN
DENATONIUM BENZOATE
DENAVERINE
DENBUFYLLINE
DENENICOKIN
DENIBULIN
DENIPRIDE
DENOPAMINE
DENOSUMAB
DENOTIVIR
DENPIDAZONE
DENUFOSOL
DENZIMOL
DEPELESTAT
DEPRAMINE
DEPREOTIDE
DEPRODONE
DEPROSTIL
DEPTROPINE
DEQUALINIUM CHLORIDE
DERACOXIB
DERAMCICLANE
DERIGLIDOLE
DERPANICATE
DERQUANTEL
DERSALAZINE

171092-39-0
214766-78-6
81-23-2
4914-30-1
63014-96-0
83435-66-9
136817-59-9
119905-05-4
59091-65-5
3436-11-1
117827-81-3
9041-08-1
187852-63-7
15262-77-8
16401-80-2
287096-87-1
79874-76-3
2894-67-9
68635-50-7
62524-99-6
140661-97-8
186495-49-8
83200-09-3
56-94-0
127-33-3
477-30-5
987-02-0
10116-22-0
13977-33-8
24701-51-7
944263-65-4
70161-09-0
963-39-3
113-78-0
483369-58-0
3734-33-6
3579-62-2
57076-71-8
716840-32-3
284019-34-7
106972-33-2
71771-90-9
615258-40-7
51287-57-1
42438-73-3
211448-85-0
73931-96-1
506433-25-6
303-54-8
161982-62-3
20423-99-8
33813-84-2
604-51-3
522-51-0
169590-41-4
120444-71-5
122830-14-2
99518-29-3
187865-22-1
188913-58-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

19

DESASPIDIN
DESCICLOVIR
DESCINOLONE
DESERPIDINE
DESFLURANE
DESGLUGASTRIN
DESIPRAMINE
DESIRUDIN
DESLANOSIDE
DESLORATADINE
DESLORELIN
DESMENINOL
DESMETHYLMORAMIDE
DESMOPRESSIN
DESMOTEPLASE
DESOCRIPTINE
DESOGESTREL
DESOMORPHINE
DESONIDE
DESOXIMETASONE
DESOXYCORTONE
DESVENLAFAXINE
DETAJMIUM BITARTRATE
DETANOSAL
DETERENOL
DETIRELIX
DETIVICICLOVIR
DETOMIDINE
DETORUBICIN
DETRALFATE
DETROTHYRONINE
DETUMOMAB
DEUTOLPERISONE
DEVAPAMIL
DEVAZEPIDE
DEXAMETHASONE ACEFURATE
DEXAMETHASONE
DEXAMETHASONE CIPECILATE
DEXAMFETAMINE
DEXAMISOLE
DEXBROMPHENIRAMINE
DEXBUDESONIDE
DEXCHLORPHENIRAMINE
DEXCLAMOL
DEXECADOTRIL
DEXEFAROXAN
DEXELVUCITABINE
DEXETIMIDE
DEXETOZOLINE
DEXFENFLURAMINE
DEXFOSFOSERINE
DEXIBUPROFEN
DEXIMAFEN
DEXINDOPROFEN
DEXIVACAINE
DEXKETOPROFEN
DEXLANSOPRAZOLE
DEXLOFEXIDINE
DEXLOXIGLUMIDE
DEXMEDETOMIDINE

114-43-2
84408-37-7
595-52-8
131-01-1
57041-67-5
51987-65-6
50-47-5
120993-53-5
17598-65-1
100643-71-8
57773-65-6
583-91-5
1767-88-0
16679-58-6
145137-38-8
66759-48-6
54024-22-5
427-00-9
638-94-8
382-67-2
64-85-7
93413-62-8
53862-81-0
23573-66-2
3506-31-8
89662-30-6
220984-26-9
76631-46-4
66211-92-5
37209-31-7
5714-08-9
145832-33-3
474641-19-5
92302-55-1
103420-77-5
83880-70-0
50-02-2
132245-57-9
51-64-9
14769-74-5
132-21-8
51372-29-3
25523-97-1
52340-25-7
112573-72-5
143249-88-1
134379-77-4
21888-98-2
77519-25-6
3239-44-9
407-41-0
51146-56-6
60719-87-1
53086-13-8
24358-84-7
22161-81-5
138530-94-6
81447-79-2
119817-90-2
113775-47-6

DEXMETHYLPHENIDATE
DEXNAFENODONE
DEXNEBIVOLOL
DEXNIGULDIPINE
DEXORMAPLATIN
DEXOXADROL
DEXPANTHENOL
DEXPEMEDOLAC
DEXPROPRANOLOL
DEXPROXIBUTENE
DEXRAZOXANE
DEXSECOVERINE
DEXSOTALOL
DEXTILIDINE
DEXTIOPRONIN
DEXTOFISOPAM
DEXTRAN
DEXTRANOMER
DEXTRIFERRON
DEXTROFEMINE
DEXTROMETHORPHAN
DEXTROMORAMIDE
DEXTROPROPOXYPHENE
DEXTRORPHAN
DEXTROTHYROXINE SODIUM
DEXVERAPAMIL
DEZAGUANINE
DEZINAMIDE
DEZOCINE
DIACEREIN
DIACETAMATE
DIACETOLOL
DIAMFENETIDE
DIAMOCAINE
DIAMPROMIDE
DIANICLINE
DIAPLASININ
DIARBARONE
DIATHYMOSULFONE
DIAVERIDINE
DIAZEPAM
DIAZIQUONE
DIAZOXIDE
DIBEKACIN
DIBEMETHINE
DIBENZEPIN
DIBOTERMIN ALFA
DIBROMPROPAMIDINE
DIBROMSALAN
DIBROSPIDIUM CHLORIDE
DIBUPROL
DIBUPYRONE
DIBUSADOL
DICARBINE
DICARFEN
DICHLORISONE
DICHLORMEZANONE
DICHLOROPHEN
DICHLOROPHENARSINE
DICHLOROXYLENOL

40431-64-9
92629-87-3
118457-15-1
120054-86-6
96392-96-0
4741-41-7
81-13-0
114030-44-3
5051-22-9
47419-52-3
24584-09-6
90237-04-0
30236-32-9
32447-90-8
29335-92-0
82059-50-5
9004-54-0
56087-11-7
8063-26-1
15687-08-8
125-71-3
357-56-2
469-62-5
125-73-5
137-53-1
38321-02-7
41729-52-6
91077-32-6
53648-55-8
13739-02-1
2623-33-8
28197-69-5
36141-82-9
27112-37-4
552-25-0
292634-27-6
481631-45-2
1233-70-1
5964-62-5
5355-16-8
439-14-5
57998-68-2
364-98-7
34493-98-6
102-05-6
4498-32-2
246539-15-1
496-00-4
87-12-7
86641-76-1
2216-77-5
1046-17-9
24353-45-5
17411-19-7
15585-88-3
7008-26-6
5571-97-1
97-23-4
455-83-4
133-53-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

20
DICHLORVOS
DICIFERRON
DICIRENONE
DICLAZURIL
DICLOFENAC
DICLOFENAMIDE
DICLOFENSINE
DICLOFURIME
DICLOMETIDE
DICLONIXIN
DICLORALUREA
DICLOXACILLIN
DICOBALT EDETATE
DICOLINIUM IODIDE
DICOUMAROL
DICRESULENE
DICYCLOVERINE
DIDANOSINE
DIDROVALTRATE
DIELDRIN
DIENESTROL
DIENOGEST
DIETHADIONE
DIETHAZINE
DIETHYLCARBAMAZINE
DIETHYLSTILBESTROL
DIETHYLTHIAMBUTENE
DIETHYLTOLUAMIDE
DIETIFEN
DIFEBARBAMATE
DIFEMERINE
DIFEMETOREX
DIFENAMIZOLE
DIFENCLOXAZINE
DIFENIDOL
DIFENOXIMIDE
DIFENOXIN
DIFETARSONE
DIFETEROL
DIFLOMOTECAN
DIFLORASONE
DIFLOXACIN
DIFLUANAZINE
DIFLUCORTOLONE
DIFLUMIDONE
DIFLUNISAL
DIFLUPREDNATE
DIFTALONE
DIGITOXIN
DIGOXIN
DIHEXYVERINE
DIHYDRALAZINE
DIHYDROCODEINE
DIHYDROERGOTAMINE
DIHYDROTACHYSTEROL
DIIODOHYDROXYQUINOLINE
DIISOPROMINE
DILAZEP
DILEVALOL
DILMEFONE

62-73-7
65606-61-3
41020-79-5
101831-37-2
15307-86-5
120-97-8
67165-56-4
64743-08-4
17243-49-1
17737-68-7
116-52-9
3116-76-5
36499-65-7
382-82-1
66-76-2
78480-14-5
77-19-0
69655-05-6
18296-45-2
60-57-1
84-17-3
65928-58-7
702-54-5
60-91-3
90-89-1
56-53-1
86-14-6
134-62-3
3686-78-0
15687-09-9
80387-96-8
13862-07-2
20170-20-1
5617-26-5
972-02-1
47806-92-8
28782-42-5
3639-19-8
14587-50-9
220997-97-7
2557-49-5
98106-17-3
5522-39-4
2607-06-9
22736-85-2
22494-42-4
23674-86-4
21626-89-1
71-63-6
20830-75-5
561-77-3
484-23-1
125-28-0
511-12-6
67-96-9
83-73-8
5966-41-6
35898-87-4
75659-07-3
37398-31-5

DILOPETINE
DILOXANIDE
DILTIAZEM
DIMABEFYLLINE
DIMADECTIN
DIMANTINE
DIMAZOLE
DIMECAMINE
DIMECOLONIUM IODIDE
DIMECROTIC ACID
DIMEFADANE
DIMEFLINE
DIMELAZINE
DIMEMORFAN
DIMENHYDRINATE
DIMENOXADOL
DIMEPHEPTANOL
DIMEPRANOL
DIMEPREGNEN
DIMEPROZAN
DIMERCAPROL
DIMESNA
DIMESONE
DIMETACRINE
DIMETAMFETAMINE
DIMETHADIONE
DIMETHAZAN
DIMETHIODAL SODIUM
DIMETHISTERONE
DIMETHOLIZINE
DIMETHOXANATE
DIMETHYL SULFOXIDE
DIMETHYLTHIAMBUTENE
DIMETHYLTUBOCURARINIUM

CHLORIDE
DIMETINDENE
DIMETIPIRIUM BROMIDE
DIMETOFRINE
DIMETOTIAZINE
DIMETRIDAZOLE
DIMEVAMIDE
DIMINAZENE
DIMIRACETAM
DIMOXAPROST
DIMOXYLINE
DIMPYLATE
DINALIN
DINAZAFONE
DINIPROFYLLINE
DINITOLMIDE
DINOPROST
DINOPROSTONE
DINSED
DIODONE
DIOSMIN
DIOXADILOL
DIOXADROL
DIOXAMATE
DIOXAPHETYL BUTYRATE
DIOXATION

247046-52-2
579-38-4
42399-41-7
1703-48-6
156131-91-8
124-28-7
95-27-2
3570-07-8
3425-97-6
7706-67-4
5581-40-8
1165-48-6
15302-12-2
36309-01-0
523-87-5
509-78-4
545-90-4
53657-16-2
21208-26-4
6538-22-3
59-52-9
16208-51-8
25092-07-3
4757-55-5
17279-39-9
695-53-4
519-30-2
124-88-9
79-64-1
7008-00-6
477-93-0
67-68-5
524-84-5

35-57-6

5636-83-9
51047-24-6
22950-29-4
7456-24-8
551-92-8
60-46-8
536-71-0
126100-97-8
90243-98-4
147-27-3
333-41-5
58338-59-3
71119-12-5
17692-30-7
148-01-6
551-11-1
363-24-6
96-62-8
300-37-8
520-27-4
80743-08-4
6495-46-1
3567-40-6
467-86-7
78-34-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

21

DIOXETHEDRIN
DIOXIFEDRINE
DIOXYBENZONE
DIPERODON
DIPHEMANIL METILSULFATE
DIPHENADIONE
DIPHENAN
DIPHENHYDRAMINE
DIPHENOXYLATE
DIPHENYLPYRALINE
DIPHOXAZIDE
DIPIPANONE
DIPIPROVERINE
DIPIVEFRINE
DIPONIUM BROMIDE
DIPOTASSIUM CLORAZEPATE
DIPRAFENONE
DIPRENORPHINE
DIPROBUTINE
DIPROFENE
DIPROGULIC ACID
DIPROLEANDOMYCIN
DIPROPHYLLINE
DIPROQUALONE
DIPROTEVERINE
DIPROXADOL
DIPYRIDAMOLE
DIPYRITHIONE
DIPYROCETYL
DIQUAFOSOL
DIRITHROMYCIN
DIRLOTAPIDE
DISERMOLIDE
DISIQUONIUM CHLORIDE
DISITERTIDE
DISOBUTAMIDE
DISOFENIN
DISOGLUSIDE
DISOMOTIDE
DISOPYRAMIDE
DISOXARIL
DISTIGMINE BROMIDE
DISUFENTON SODIUM
DISULERGINE
DISULFAMIDE
DISULFIRAM
DISUPRAZOLE
DITAZOLE
DITEKIREN
DITERCALINIUM CHLORIDE
DITHIAZANINE IODIDE
DITHRANOL
DITIOCARB SODIUM
DITIOMUSTINE
DITOLAMIDE
DITOPHAL
DIVABUTEROL
DIVAPLON
DIXANTHOGEN
DIZATRIFONE

497-75-6
10329-60-9
131-53-3
101-08-6
62-97-5
82-66-6
101-71-3
58-73-1
915-30-0
147-20-6
511-41-1
467-83-4
117-30-6
52365-63-6
2001-81-2
57109-90-7
81447-80-5
14357-78-9
61822-36-4
5835-72-3
18467-77-1
14289-25-9
479-18-5
36518-02-2
69373-95-1
52042-24-7
58-32-2
3696-28-4
486-79-3
59885-21-6
62013-04-1
481658-94-0
127943-53-7
68959-20-6
272105-42-7
68284-69-5
65717-97-7
14144-06-0
181477-43-0
3737-09-5
87495-31-6
15876-67-2
168021-79-2
59032-40-5
671-88-5
97-77-8
99499-40-8
18471-20-0
103336-05-6
74517-42-3
514-73-8
480-22-8
148-18-5
82599-22-2
723-42-2
584-69-0
54592-27-7
90808-12-1
502-55-6
92257-40-4

DIZOCILPINE
DOBUPRIDE
DOBUTAMINE
DOCARPAMINE
DOCEBENONE
DOCETAXEL
DOCONAZOLE
DOCONEXENT
DOCUSATE SODIUM
DODECLONIUM BROMIDE
DOFAMIUM CHLORIDE
DOFEQUIDAR
DOFETILIDE
DOLASETRON
DOLIRACETAM
DOMAZOLINE
DOMIODOL
DOMIPHEN BROMIDE
DOMIPIZONE
DOMITROBAN
DOMOPREDNATE
DOMOXIN
DOMPERIDONE
DONEPEZIL
DONETIDINE
DONITRIPTAN
DOPAMANTINE
DOPAMINE
DOPEXAMINE
DOPROPIDIL
DOQUALAST
DORAMAPIMOD
DORAMECTIN
DORANIDAZOLE
DORASTINE
DOREPTIDE
DORETINEL
DORIPENEM
DORLIMOMAB ARITOX
DORNASE ALFA
DORZOLAMIDE
DOSERGOSIDE
DOSMALFATE
DOSULEPIN
DOTARIZINE
DOTEFONIUM BROMIDE
DOVITINIB
DOXACURIUM CHLORIDE
DOXAMINOL
DOXAPRAM
DOXAPROST
DOXAZOSIN
DOXEFAZEPAM
DOXENITOIN
DOXEPIN
DOXERCALCIFEROL
DOXIBETASOL
DOXIFLURIDINE
DOXOFYLLINE
DOXORUBICIN

77086-21-6
106707-51-1
34368-04-2
74639-40-0
80809-81-0
114977-28-5
59831-63-9
6217-54-5
577-11-7
15687-13-5
54063-35-3
129716-58-1
115256-11-6
115956-12-2
84901-45-1
6043-01-2
61869-07-6
538-71-6
95355-10-5
112966-96-8
66877-67-6
61-74-5
57808-66-9
120014-06-4
99248-32-5
170912-52-4
39907-68-1
51-61-6
86197-47-9
79700-61-1
64019-03-0
285983-48-4
117704-25-3
149838-23-3
21228-13-7
90104-48-6
104561-36-6
148016-81-3
122722-03-6
143831-71-4
120279-96-1
87178-42-5
122312-55-4
113-53-1
84625-59-2
26058-50-4
405169-16-6
106819-53-8
55286-56-1
309-29-5
51953-95-8
74191-85-8
40762-15-0
3254-93-1
1668-19-5
54573-75-0
1879-77-2
3094-09-5
69975-86-6
23214-92-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

22
DOXPICOMINE
DOXYCYCLINE
DOXYLAMINE
DRAFLAZINE
DRAMEDILOL
DRAQUINOLOL
DRAZIDOX
DRIBENDAZOLE
DRINABANT
DRINIDENE
DROBULINE
DROCINONIDE
DROCLIDINIUM BROMIDE
DROFENINE
DROLOXIFENE
DROMETRIZOLE
DRONABINOL
DRONEDARONE
DROPEMPINE
DROPERIDOL
DROPRENILAMINE
DROPROPIZINE
DROSPIRENONE
DROSTANOLONE
DROTAVERINE
DROTEBANOL
DROTRECOGIN ALFA (ACTIVATED)
DROXACIN
DROXICAINIDE
DROXICAM
DROXIDOPA
DROXINAVIR
DROXYPROPINE
DUAZOMYCIN
DULANERMIN
DULOFIBRATE
DULOXETINE
DULOZAFONE
DUMORELIN
DUOMETACIN
DUOPERONE
DUPRACETAM
DUTACATIB
DUTASTERIDE
DUTEPLASE
DYCLONINE
DYDROGESTERONE
EBALZOTAN
EBASTINE
EBERCONAZOLE
EBIRATIDE
EBROTIDINE
EBSELEN
ECABAPIDE
ECABET
ECADOTRIL
ECALCIDENE
ECALLANTIDE
ECASTOLOL
ECENOFLOXACIN

62904-71-6
564-25-0
469-21-6
120770-34-5
76953-65-6
67793-71-9
27314-77-8
63667-16-3
358970-97-5
53394-92-6
58473-73-7
2355-59-1
29125-56-2
1679-76-1
82413-20-5
2440-22-4
1972-08-3
141626-36-0
34703-49-6
548-73-2
57653-27-7
17692-31-8
67392-87-4
58-19-5
14009-24-6
3176-03-2
98530-76-8
35067-47-1
78421-12-2
90101-16-9
23651-95-8
159910-86-8
15599-26-5
1403-47-0
867153-61-5
61887-16-9
116539-59-4
75616-02-3
105953-59-1
25771-23-7
62030-88-0
59776-90-8
501000-36-8
164656-23-9
120608-46-0
586-60-7
152-62-5
149494-37-1
90729-43-4
128326-82-9
105250-86-0
100981-43-9
60940-34-3
104775-36-2
33159-27-2
112573-73-6
150337-94-3
460738-38-9
77695-52-4
162301-05-5

ECIPRAMIDIL
ECLANAMINE
ECLAZOLAST
ECOMUSTINE
ECONAZOLE
ECOPIPAM
ECOPLADIB
ECOTHIOPATE IODIDE
ECRAPROST
ECROMEXIMAB
ECTYLUREA
ECULIZUMAB
EDAGLITAZONE
EDATREXATE
EDELFOSINE
EDETIC ACID
EDETOL
EDIFOLIGIDE
EDIFOLONE
EDOBACOMAB
EDODEKIN ALFA
EDOGESTRONE
EDONENTAN
EDOTECARIN
EDOTREOTIDE
EDOXABAN
EDOXUDINE
EDRATIDE
EDRECOLOMAB
EDRONOCAINE
EDROPHONIUM CHLORIDE
EFALIZUMAB
EFAPROXIRAL
EFAROXAN
EFAVIRENZ
EFEGATRAN
EFETOZOLE
EFIPLADIB
EFLETIRIZINE
EFLORNITHINE
EFLOXATE
EFLUCIMIBE
EFLUMAST
EFONIDIPINE
EFROTOMYCIN
EFUNGUMAB
EGANOPROST
EGLUMETAD (EGLUMEGAD)
EGTAZIC ACID
EGUALEN
ELACRIDAR
ELACYTARABINE
ELAGOLIX
ELANTRINE
ELANZEPINE
ELAROFIBAN
ELBANIZINE
ELCATONIN
ELDACIMIBE
ELDECALCITOL

64552-16-5
71027-13-9
80263-73-6
98383-18-7
27220-47-9
112108-01-7
381683-92-7
513-10-0
136892-64-3
292819-64-8
95-04-5
219685-50-4
213411-83-7
80576-83-6
70641-51-9
60-00-4
102-60-3
328538-04-1
90733-40-7
141410-98-2
187348-17-0
809-01-8
210891-04-6
174402-32-5
204318-14-9
480449-70-5
15176-29-1
433922-67-9
156586-89-9
190258-12-9
116-38-1
214745-43-4
131179-95-8
89197-32-0
154598-52-4
105806-65-3
99500-54-6
381683-94-9
150756-35-7
67037-37-0
119-41-5
202340-45-2
70977-46-7
111011-63-3
56592-32-6
762260-74-2
63266-93-3
176199-48-7
67-42-5
99287-30-6
143664-11-3
188181-42-2
834153-87-6
1232-85-5
6196-08-3
198958-88-2
110629-41-9
60731-46-6
141993-70-6
104121-92-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

23

ELEDOISIN
ELESCLOMOL
ELETRIPTAN
ELFAZEPAM
ELGODIPINE
ELINAFIDE
ELIPRODIL
ELISARTAN
ELLAGIC ACID
ELLIPTINIUM ACETATE
ELMUSTINE
ELNADIPINE
ELOCALCITOL
ELOMOTECAN
ELOPIPRAZOLE
ELSAMITRUCIN
ELSIBUCOL
ELSILIMOMAB
ELTANOLONE
ELTENAC
ELTOPRAZINE
ELTROMBOPAG
ELUCAINE
ELVITEGRAVIR
ELVUCITABINE
ELZASONAN
ELZIVERINE
EMAKALIM
EMBECONAZOLE
EMBRAMINE
EMBUSARTAN
EMBUTRAMIDE
EMEDASTINE
EMEPRONIUM BROMIDE
EMFILERMIN
EMIDELTIDE
EMIGLITATE
EMILIUM TOSILATE
EMITEFUR
EMIVIRINE
EMOCTAKIN
EMODEPSIDE
EMOPAMIL
EMORFAZONE
EMRICASAN
EMTRICITABINE
EMYLCAMATE
ENADOLINE
ENALAPRIL
ENALAPRILAT
ENALKIREN
ENAZADREM
ENBUCRILATE
ENCAINIDE
ENCIPRAZINE
ENCLOMIFENE
ENCYPRATE
ENDIXAPRINE
ENDOMIDE
ENDOMYCIN

69-25-0
488832-69-5
143322-58-1
52042-01-0
119413-55-7
162706-37-8
119431-25-3
158682-68-9
476-66-4
58337-35-2
60784-46-5
103946-15-2
199798-84-0
220998-10-7
115464-77-2
97068-30-9
216167-95-2
468715-71-1
128-20-1
72895-88-6
98224-03-4
496775-61-2
25314-87-8
697761-98-1
181785-84-2
361343-19-3
95520-81-3
129729-66-4
329744-44-7
3565-72-8
156001-18-2
15687-14-6
87233-61-2
3614-30-0
159075-60-2
62568-57-4
80879-63-6
30716-01-9
110690-43-2
149950-60-7
142298-00-8
155030-63-0
78370-13-5
38957-41-4
254750-02-2
143491-57-0
78-28-4
124378-77-4
75847-73-3
76420-72-9
113082-98-7
107361-33-1
6606-65-1
37612-13-8
68576-86-3
15690-57-0
2521-01-9
93181-85-2
4582-18-7
1391-41-9

ENDRALAZINE
ENDRISONE
ENECADIN
ENEFEXINE
ENESTEBOL
ENFENAMIC ACID
ENFLURANE
ENFUVIRTIDE
ENGLITAZONE
ENICLOBRATE
ENILCONAZOLE
ENILOSPIRONE
ENILURACIL
ENIPORIDE
ENISOPROST
ENLIMOMAB PEGOL
ENLIMOMAB
ENLOPLATIN
ENOCITABINE
ENOFELAST
ENOLICAM
ENOXACIN
ENOXAMAST
ENOXAPARIN SODIUM
ENOXIMONE
ENOXOLONE
ENPIPRAZOLE
ENPIROLINE
ENPRAZEPINE
ENPROFYLLINE
ENPROMATE
ENPROSTIL
ENRAMYCIN
ENRASENTAN
ENROFLOXACIN
ENSACULIN
ENTACAPONE
ENTECAVIR
ENTINOSTAT
ENTSUFON
ENVIOMYCIN
ENVIRADENE
ENVIROXIME
ENZASTAURIN
EPAFIPASE
EPALRESTAT
EPANOLOL
EPEREZOLID
EPERISONE
EPERVUDINE
EPETIRIMOD
EPICAINIDE
EPICILLIN
EPICRIPTINE
EPIESTRIOL
EPIMESTROL
EPINASTINE
EPINEPHRINE
EPIPROPIDINE
EPIRIZOLE

39715-02-1
35100-44-8
259525-01-4
67765-04-2
2320-86-7
23049-93-6
13838-16-9
159519-65-0
109229-58-5
60662-18-2
73790-28-0
59798-73-1
59989-18-3
176644-21-6
81026-63-3
169802-84-0
142864-19-5
111523-41-2
55726-47-1
127035-60-3
59755-82-7
74011-58-8
74604-76-5
9041-08-1
77671-31-9
471-53-4
31729-24-5
66364-73-6
47206-15-5
41078-02-8
10087-89-5
73121-56-9
11115-82-5
167256-08-8
93106-60-6
155773-59-4
130929-57-6
142217-69-4
209783-80-2
55837-16-6
33103-22-9
80883-55-2
72301-79-2
170364-57-5
208576-22-1
82159-09-9
86880-51-5
165800-04-4
64840-90-0
60136-25-6
227318-71-0
66304-03-8
26774-90-3
88660-47-3
547-81-9
7004-98-0
80012-43-7
51-43-4
5696-17-3
18694-40-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

24
EPIROPRIM
EPIRUBICIN
EPITIOSTANOL
EPITIZIDE
EPITUMOMAB CITUXETAN
EPITUMOMAB
EPLERENONE
EPLIVANSERIN
EPOETIN OMEGA
EPOETIN EPSILON
EPOETIN ZETA
EPOETIN DELTA
EPOETIN THETA
EPOETIN KAPPA
EPOPROSTENOL
EPOSTANE
EPRATUZUMAB
EPRAZINONE
EPRINOMECTIN
EPRISTERIDE
EPROBEMIDE
EPRODISATE
EPROSARTAN
EPROTIROME
EPROVAFEN
EPROXINDINE
EPROZINOL
EPSIPRANTEL
EPTACOG ALFA (ACTIVATED)
EPTALOPROST
EPTAPIRONE
EPTAPLATIN
EPTASTIGMINE
EPTAZOCINE
EPTIFIBATIDE
EPTOTERMIN ALFA
ERBULOZOLE
ERDOSTEINE
ERGOCALCIFEROL
ERGOMETRINE
ERGOTAMINE
ERIBAXABAN
ERIBULIN
ERICOLOL
ERITORAN
ERITRITYL TETRANITRATE
ERIZEPINE
ERLIZUMAB
ERLOTINIB
EROCAINIDE
ERSENTILIDE
ERSOFERMIN
ERTAPENEM
ERTIPROTAFIB
ERTUMAXOMAB
ERYTHROMYCIN STINOPRATE
ERYTHROMYCIN
ERYTHROMYCIN ACISTRATE
ESAFLOXACIN
ESAPRAZOLE

73090-70-7
56420-45-2
2363-58-8
1764-85-8
263547-71-3
263547-71-3
107724-20-9
130579-75-8
148363-16-0
154725-65-2
604802-70-2
261356-80-3
762263-14-9
879555-13-2
35121-78-9
80471-63-2
205923-57-5
10402-90-1
123997-26-2
119169-78-7
87940-60-1
21668-77-9
133040-01-4
355129-15-6
101335-99-3
83200-08-2
32665-36-4
98123-83-2
102786-52-7
90693-76-8
179756-85-5
146665-77-2
101246-68-8
72522-13-5
148031-34-9
129805-33-0
124784-31-2
84611-23-4
50-14-6
60-79-7
113-15-5
536748-46-6
253128-41-5
85320-67-8
185955-34-4
7297-25-8
96645-87-3
211323-03-4
183321-74-6
85750-38-5
125279-79-0
111212-85-2
153832-46-3
251303-04-5
509077-99-0
84252-03-9
114-07-8
96128-89-1
79286-77-4
64204-55-3

ESCITALOPRAM
ESCULAMINE
ESERIDINE
ESFLURBIPROFEN
ESKETAMINE
ESLICARBAZEPINE
ESMIRTAZAPINE
ESMOLOL
ESOMEPRAZOLE
ESONARIMOD
ESORUBICIN
ESOXYBUTYNIN
ESPATROPATE
ESPROQUINE
ESREBOXETINE
ESTAZOLAM
ESTRADIOL
ESTRADIOL BENZOATE
ESTRADIOL UNDECYLATE
ESTRADIOL VALERATE
ESTRAMUSTINE
ESTRAPRONICATE
ESTRAZINOL
ESTRIOL SUCCINATE
ESTROFURATE
ESTRONE
ESUPRONE
ESZOPICLONE
ETABENZARONE
ETACEPRIDE
ETACRYNIC ACID
ETAFEDRINE
ETAFENONE
ETALOCIB
ETAMINILE
ETAMIPHYLLINE
ETAMIVAN
ETAMOCYCLINE
ETAMSYLATE
ETANERCEPT
ETANIDAZOLE
ETANTEROL
ETAQUALONE
ETARACIZUMAB
ETAROTENE
ETASULINE
ETAZEPINE
ETAZOLATE
ETEBENECID
ETEROBARB
ETERSALATE
ETHACRIDINE
ETHAMBUTOL
ETHAVERINE
ETHCHLORVYNOL
ETHENZAMIDE
ETHIAZIDE
ETHINAMATE
ETHINYLESTRADIOL
ETHIODIZED OIL (131 I)

128196-01-0
2908-75-0
25573-43-7
51543-39-6
33643-46-8
104746-04-5
61337-87-9
103598-03-4
119141-88-7
101973-77-7
63521-85-7
119618-22-3
132829-83-5
37517-33-2
98819-76-2
29975-16-4
50-28-2
50-50-0
3571-53-7
979-32-8
2998-57-4
4140-20-9
5941-36-6
514-68-1
10322-73-3
53-16-7
91406-11-0
138729-47-2
15686-63-2
68788-56-7
58-54-8
7681-79-0
90-54-0
161172-51-6
15599-27-6
314-35-2
304-84-7
15590-00-8
2624-44-4
185243-69-0
22668-01-5
93047-39-3
7432-25-9
892553-42-3
87719-32-2
16781-39-8
88124-27-0
51022-77-6
1213-06-5
27511-99-5
62992-61-4
442-16-0
74-55-5
486-47-5
113-18-8
938-73-8
1824-58-4
126-52-3
57-63-6
8016-07-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

25

ETHIONAMIDE
ETHISTERONE
ETHOHEPTAZINE
ETHOMOXANE
ETHOSUXIMIDE
ETHOTOIN
ETHOXAZORUTOSIDE
ETHYL CARFLUZEPATE
ETHYL CARTRIZOATE
ETHYL BISCOUMACETATE
ETHYL DIRAZEPATE
ETHYL DIBUNATE
ETHYLESTRENOL
ETHYLl LOFLAZEPATE
ETHYLMETHYLTHIAMBUTENE
ETHYNERONE
ETHYPICONE
ETIBENDAZOLE
ETICLOPRIDE
ETICYCLIDINE
ETIDOCAINE
ETIDRONIC ACID
ETIFELMINE
ETIFENIN
ETIFOXINE
ETILAMFETAMINE
ETILEFRINE
ETILEFRINE PIVALATE
ETILEVODOPA
ETINTIDINE
ETIPIRIUM IODIDE
ETIPREDNOL DICLOACETATE
ETIPROSTON
ETIRACETAM
ETIROXATE
ETISAZOLE
ETISOMICIN
ETISULERGINE
ETIZOLAM
ETOCARLIDE
ETOCRILENE
ETODOLAC
ETODROXIZINE
ETOFAMIDE
ETOFENAMATE
ETOFENPROX
ETOFIBRATE
ETOFORMIN
ETOFURADINE
ETOFYLLINE CLOFIBRATE
ETOFYLLINE
ETOGLUCID
ETOLOREX
ETOLOTIFEN
ETOLOXAMINE
ETOMIDATE
ETOMIDOLINE
ETOMOXIR
ETONAM
ETONITAZENE

536-33-4
434-03-7
77-15-6
16509-23-2
77-67-8
86-35-1
30851-76-4
65400-85-3
5714-09-0
548-00-5
23980-14-5
5560-69-0
965-90-2
29177-84-2
441-61-2
3124-93-4
467-90-3
64420-40-2
84226-12-0
2201-15-2
36637-18-0
2809-21-4
341-00-4
63245-28-3
21715-46-8
457-87-4
709-55-7
85750-39-6
37178-37-3
69539-53-3
3478-15-7
199331-40-3
59619-81-7
33996-58-6
17365-01-4
7716-60-1
70639-48-4
64795-23-9
40054-69-1
1234-30-6
5232-99-5
41340-25-4
17692-34-1
25287-60-9
30544-47-9
80844-07-1
31637-97-5
45086-03-1
17692-35-2
54504-70-0
519-37-9
1954-28-5
54063-36-4
82140-22-5
1157-87-5
33125-97-2
21590-92-1
124083-20-1
15037-44-2
911-65-9

ETONOGESTREL
ETOPERIDONE
ETOPOSIDE
ETOPRINDOLE
ETORICOXIB
ETORPHINE
ETOSALAMIDE
ETOXADROL
ETOXAZENE
ETOXERIDINE
ETOZOLIN
ETRABAMINE
ETRAVIRINE
ETRETINATE
ETRICIGUAT
ETRYPTAMINE
ETYBENZATROPINE
ETYMEMAZINE
ETYNODIOL
EUCATROPINE
EUFAUSERASE
EUPROCIN
EVANDAMINE
EVERNIMICIN
EVEROLIMUS
EXALAMIDE
EXAMETAZIME
EXAMORELIN
EXAPROLOL
EXATECAN
EXATECAN ALIDEXIMER
EXBIVIRUMAB
EXEMESTANE
EXENATIDE
EXEPANOL
EXIFONE
EXIPROBEN
EXISULIND
EZATIOSTAT
EZETIMIBE
EZLOPITANT
FABESETRON
FADOLMIDINE (RADOLMIDINE)
FADROZOLE
FALECALCITRIOL
FALINTOLOL
FALIPAMIL
FALNIDAMOL
FAMCICLOVIR
FAMIRAPRINIUM CHLORIDE
FAMOTIDINE
FAMOTINE
FAMPROFAZONE
FAMPRONIL
FANANSERIN
FANAPANEL
FANDOFLOXACIN
FANDOSENTAN
FANETIZOLE
FANTOFARONE

54048-10-1
52942-31-1
33419-42-0
54063-37-5
202409-33-4
14521-96-1
15302-15-5
28189-85-7
94-10-0
469-82-9
73-09-6
70590-58-8
269055-15-4
54350-48-0
402595-29-3
2235-90-7
524-83-4
523-54-6
1231-93-2
100-91-4

1301-42-4
100035-75-4
109545-84-8
159351-69-6
53370-90-4
105613-48-7
140703-51-1
55837-19-9
171335-80-1

569658-80-6
107868-30-4
141758-74-9
77416-65-0
52479-85-3
26281-69-6
59973-80-7
168682-53-9
163222-33-1
147116-64-1
129300-27-2
189353-31-9
102676-47-1
83805-11-2
90581-63-8
77862-92-1
196612-93-8
104227-87-4
108894-41-3
76824-35-6
18429-78-2
22881-35-2
134183-95-2
127625-29-0
161605-73-8
164150-99-6
221241-63-0
79069-94-6
114432-13-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

26
FANTRIDONE
FARALIMOMAB
FARAMPATOR
FARGLITAZAR
FAROPENEM
FASIDOTRIL
FASIPLON
FASOBEGRON
FASORACETAM
FASUDIL
FAVIPIRAVIR
FAXELADOL
FAZADINIUM BROMIDE
FAZARABINE
FEBANTEL
FEBARBAMATE
FEBUPROL
FEBUVERINE
FEBUXOSTAT
FECLEMINE
FECLOBUZONE
FEDOTOZINE
FEDRILATE
FELBAMATE
FELBINAC
FELIPYRINE
FELODIPINE
FELOPRENTAN
FELVIZUMAB
FELYPRESSIN
FEMOXETINE
FENABUTENE
FENACETINOL
FENACLON
FENADIAZOLE
FENAFTIC ACID
FENALAMIDE
FENALCOMINE
FENAMIFURIL
FENAMISAL
FENAMOLE
FENAPERONE
FENBENDAZOLE
FENBENICILLIN
FENBUFEN
FENBUTRAZATE
FENCAMFAMIN
FENCARBAMIDE
FENCIBUTIROL
FENCLEXONIUM METILSULFATE
FENCLOFENAC
FENCLOFOS
FENCLONINE
FENCLORAC
FENCLOZIC ACID
FENDILINE
FENDOSAL
FENERITROL
FENESTREL
FENETHAZINE

17692-37-4
167816-91-3
211735-76-1
196808-45-4
106560-14-9
135038-57-2
106100-65-6
643094-49-9
110958-19-5
103745-39-7
259793-96-9
433265-65-7
49564-56-9
65886-71-7
58306-30-2
13246-02-1
3102-00-9
7077-33-0
144060-53-7
3590-16-7
23111-34-4
123618-00-8
23271-74-1
25451-15-4
5728-52-9
1980-49-0
86189-69-7
204267-33-4
167747-20-8
56-59-7
59859-58-4
5984-83-8
4665-04-7
306-20-7
1008-65-7
27736-80-7
4551-59-1
34616-39-2
735-64-8
133-11-9
5467-78-7
54063-38-6
43210-67-9
1926-48-3
36330-85-5
4378-36-3
1209-98-9
3735-90-8
5977-10-6
30817-43-7
34645-84-6
299-84-3
7424-00-2
36616-52-1
17969-20-9
13042-18-7
53597-27-6
15301-67-4
7698-97-7
522-24-7

FENETRADIL
FENETYLLINE
FENFLUMIZOL
FENFLURAMINE
FENFLUTHRIN
FENGABINE
FENHARMANE
FENIMIDE
FENIODIUM CHLORIDE
FENIPENTOL
FENIROFIBRATE
FENISOREX
FENLEUTON
FENMETOZOLE
FENMETRAMIDE
FENOBAM
FENOCINOL
FENOCTIMINE
FENOFIBRATE
FENOLDOPAM
FENOPROFEN
FENOTEROL
FENOVERINE
FENOXAZOLINE
FENOXEDIL
FENOXYPROPAZINE
FENOZOLONE
FENPENTADIOL
FENPERATE
FENPIPALONE
FENPIPRAMIDE
FENPIPRANE
FENPIVERINIUM BROMIDE
FENPRINAST
FENPROPOREX
FENPROSTALENE
FENQUIZONE
FENRETINIDE
FENSPIRIDE
FENTANYL
FENTIAZAC
FENTICLOR
FENTICONAZOLE
FENTONIUM BROMIDE
FENYRAMIDOL
FENYRIPOL
FEPENTOLIC ACID
FEPITRIZOL
FEPRADINOL
FEPRAZONE
FEPROMIDE
FEPROSIDNINE
FERMAGATE
FERPIFOSATE SODIUM
FERRIC FRUCTOSE
FERRIC (59 FE) CITRATE INJECTION
FERRIC CARBOXYMALTOSE
FERROCHOLINATE
FERROPOLIMALER
FERROQUINE

54063-39-7
3736-08-1
73445-46-2
458-24-2
75867-00-4
80018-06-0
15301-68-5
60-45-7
34106-48-4
583-03-9
54419-31-7
34887-52-0
141579-54-6
41473-09-0
5588-29-4
57653-26-6
3671-05-4
69365-65-7
49562-28-9
67227-56-9
31879-05-7
13392-18-2
37561-27-6
4846-91-7
54063-40-0
3818-37-9
15302-16-6
15687-18-0
55837-26-8
21820-82-6
77-01-0
3540-95-2
125-60-0
75184-94-0
15686-61-0
69381-94-8
20287-37-0
65646-68-6
5053-06-5
437-38-7
18046-21-4
97-24-5
72479-26-6
5868-06-4
553-69-5
3607-24-7
17243-33-3
53415-46-6
63075-47-8
30748-29-9
54063-41-1
22293-47-6
119175-48-3
138708-32-4
29041-71-2
2238-05-8
9007-72-1
1336-80-7
54063-44-4
185055-67-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

27

FERROTRENINE
FERTIRELIN
FESOTERODINE
FETOXILATE
FEXICAINE
FEXINIDAZOLE
FEXOFENADINE
FEZATIONE
FEZOLAMINE
FIACITABINE
FIALURIDINE
FIBRACILLIN
FIBRIN, HUMAN
FIBRIN, BOVINE
FIBRINOGEN (125 I)
FIBRINOLYSIN (HUMAN)
FIDARESTAT
FIDEXABAN
FIDUXOSIN
FIGOPITANT
FIGOPITANT
FILAMINAST
FILENADOL
FILGRASTIM
FILIPIN
FIMASARTAN
FINAFLOXACIN
FINASTERIDE
FINGOLIMOD
FINROZOLE
FIPAMEZOLE
FIPEXIDE
FIRATEGRAST
FIROCOXIB
FISPEMIFENE
FLAMENOL
FLAVAMINE
FLAVODIC ACID
FLAVODILOL
FLAVOXATE
FLAZALONE
FLECAINIDE
FLEROBUTEROL
FLEROXACIN
FLESINOXAN
FLESTOLOL
FLETAZEPAM
FLEZELASTINE
FLIBANSERIN
FLINDOKALNER
FLOCTAFENINE
FLOMOXEF
FLOPRISTIN
FLOPROPIONE
FLORANTYRONE
FLORDIPINE
FLOREDIL
FLORFENICOL
FLORIFENINE
FLOSATIDIL

15339-50-1
38234-21-8
286930-03-8
54063-45-5
54063-46-6
59729-37-2
83799-24-0
15387-18-5
80410-36-2
69123-90-6
69123-98-4
51154-48-4

9004-09-5
136087-85-9
183305-24-0
208993-54-8
502422-74-4
502422-74-4
141184-34-1
78168-92-0
121181-53-1
480-49-9
247257-48-3
209342-40-5
98319-26-7
162359-55-9
160146-17-8
150586-58-6
34161-24-5
402567-16-2
189954-96-9
341524-89-8
2174-64-3
15686-60-9
37470-13-6
79619-31-1
15301-69-6
21221-18-1
54143-55-4
82101-10-8
79660-72-3
98205-89-1
87721-62-8
34482-99-0
135381-77-0
167933-07-5
187523-35-9
23779-99-9
99665-00-6
318498-76-9
2295-58-1
519-95-9
77590-96-6
53731-36-5
76639-94-6
83863-79-0
113593-34-3

FLOSEQUINAN
FLOSULIDE
FLOTRENIZINE
FLOVAGATRAN
FLOVERINE
FLOXACRINE
FLOXURIDINE
FLUACIZINE
FLUALAMIDE
FLUANISONE
FLUAZACORT
FLUAZURON
FLUBANILATE
FLUBENDAZOLE
FLUBEPRIDE
FLUCARBRIL
FLUCETOREX
FLUCINDOLE
FLUCIPRAZINE
FLUCLOROLONE ACETONIDE
FLUCLOXACILLIN
FLUCONAZOLE
FLUCRILATE
FLUCYTOSINE
FLUDALANINE
FLUDARABINE
FLUDAZONIUM CHLORIDE
FLUDEOXYGLUCOSE (18 F)
FLUDIAZEPAM
FLUDOREX
FLUDOXOPONE
FLUDROCORTISONE
FLUDROXYCORTIDE
FLUFENAMIC ACID
FLUFENISAL
FLUFOSAL
FLUFYLLINE
FLUGESTONE
FLUINDAROL
FLUINDIONE
FLUMAZENIL
FLUMECINOL
FLUMEDROXONE
FLUMEQUINE
FLUMERIDONE
FLUMETASONE
FLUMETHIAZIDE
FLUMETRAMIDE
FLUMEXADOL
FLUMEZAPINE
FLUMINOREX
FLUMIZOLE
FLUMOXONIDE
FLUNAMINE
FLUNARIZINE
FLUNIDAZOLE
FLUNISOLIDE
FLUNITRAZEPAM
FLUNIXIN
FLUNOPROST

76568-02-0
80937-31-1
82190-92-9
871576-03-3
27318-86-1
53966-34-0
50-91-9
30223-48-4
5107-49-3
1480-19-9
19888-56-3
86811-58-7
847-20-1
31430-15-6
56488-61-0
2261-94-1
40256-99-3
40594-09-0
54340-64-6
3693-39-8
5250-39-5
86386-73-4
23023-91-8
2022-85-7
35523-45-6
21679-14-1
53597-28-7
105851-17-0
3900-31-0
15221-81-5
71923-29-0
127-31-1
1524-88-5
530-78-9
22494-27-5
65708-37-4
82190-91-8
337-03-1
6723-40-6
957-56-2
78755-81-4
56430-99-0
15687-21-5
42835-25-6
75444-64-3
2135-17-3
148-56-1
7125-73-7
30914-89-7
61325-80-2
720-76-3
36740-73-5
60135-22-0
50366-32-0
52468-60-7
4548-15-6
3385-03-3
1622-62-4
38677-85-9
86348-98-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

28
FLUNOXAPROFEN
FLUOCINOLONE ACETONIDE
FLUOCINONIDE
FLUOCORTIN
FLUOCORTOLONE
FLUORESCEIN LISICOL
FLUORESONE
FLUORODOPA 18F
FLUOROMETHOLONE
FLUOROURACIL
FLUOTRACEN
FLUOXETINE
FLUOXYMESTERONE
FLUPAROXAN
FLUPENTIXOL
FLUPERAMIDE
FLUPERLAPINE
FLUPEROLONE
FLUPHENAZINE
FLUPIMAZINE
FLUPIRTINE
FLUPRANONE
FLUPRAZINE
FLUPREDNIDENE
FLUPREDNISOLONE
FLUPROFEN
FLUPROFYLLINE
FLUPROQUAZONE
FLUPROSTENOL
FLUQUAZONE
FLURADOLINE
FLURANTEL
FLURAZEPAM
FLURBIPROFEN
FLURETOFEN
FLURITHROMYCIN
FLUROCITABINE
FLUROFAMIDE
FLUROTYL
FLUROXENE
FLUSALAN
FLUSOXOLOL
FLUSPIPERONE
FLUSPIRILENE
FLUTAMIDE
FLUTAZOLAM
FLUTEMAZEPAM
FLUTIAZIN
FLUTICASONE
FLUTICASONE FUROATE
FLUTIZENOL
FLUTOMIDATE
FLUTONIDINE
FLUTOPRAZEPAM
FLUTRIMAZOLE
FLUTROLINE
FLUTROPIUM BROMIDE
FLUVASTATIN
FLUVOXAMINE
FLUZINAMIDE

66934-18-7
67-73-2
356-12-7
33124-50-4
152-97-6
140616-46-2
2924-67-6
92812-82-3
426-13-1
51-21-8
35764-73-9
54910-89-3
76-43-7
105182-45-4
2709-56-0
53179-10-5
67121-76-0
3841-11-0
69-23-8
47682-41-7
56995-20-1
21686-10-2
76716-60-4
2193-87-5
53-34-9
17692-38-5
85118-43-0
40507-23-1
40666-16-8
37554-40-8
71316-84-2
30533-89-2
17617-23-1
5104-49-4
56917-29-4
82664-20-8
37717-21-8
70788-28-2
333-36-8
406-90-6
4776-06-1
84057-96-5
54965-22-9
1841-19-6
13311-84-7
27060-91-9
52391-89-6
7220-56-6
90566-53-3
397864-44-7
10202-40-1
84962-75-4
28125-87-3
25967-29-7
119006-77-8
70801-02-4
63516-07-4
93957-54-1
54739-18-3
76263-13-3

FLUZOPERINE
FODIPIR
FOLESCUTOL
FOLIC ACID
FOLITIXORIN
FOLLITROPIN ALFA
FOLLITROPIN BETA
FOMEPIZOLE
FOMIDACILLIN
FOMINOBEN
FOMIVIRSEN
FOMOCAINE
FONDAPARINUX SODIUM
FONTOLIZUMAB
FOPIRTOLINE
FORASARTAN
FORAVIRUMAB
FORFENIMEX
FORMEBOLONE
FORMESTANE
FORMETOREX
FORMINITRAZOLE
FORMOCORTAL
FORMOTEROL
FORODESINE
FOROPAFANT
FOSALVUDINE TIDOXIL
FOSAMPRENAVIR
FOSAPREPITANT
FOSARILATE
FOSAZEPAM
FOSCARNET SODIUM
FOSCOLIC ACID
FOSENAZIDE
FOSFESTROL
FOSFLUCONAZOLE
FOSFLURIDINE TIDOXIL
FOSFOCREATININE
FOSFOMYCIN
FOSFONET SODIUM
FOSFOSAL
FOSFRUCTOSE
FOSFRUCTOSUM
FOSINOPRIL
FOSINOPRILAT
FOSMENIC ACID
FOSMIDOMYCIN
FOSOPAMINE
FOSPHENYTOIN
FOSPIRATE
FOSPROPOFOL
FOSQUIDONE
FOSTEDIL
FOSTRIECIN
FOSVESET
FOTEMUSTINE
FOTRETAMINE
FOZIVUDINE TIDOXIL
FRABUPROFEN
FRADAFIBAN

52867-77-3
118248-91-2
15687-22-6
59-30-3
3432-99-3
9002-68-0
150490-84-9
7554-65-6
98048-07-8
18053-31-1
144245-52-3
17692-39-6
114870-03-0
326859-36-3
22514-23-4
145216-43-9
944548-38-3
72973-11-6
2454-11-7
566-48-3
15302-18-8
500-08-3
2825-60-7
73573-87-2
209799-67-7
136468-36-5
763903-67-9
226700-79-4
172673-20-0
73514-87-1
35322-07-7
63585-09-1
2398-95-0
16543-10-5
522-40-7
194798-83-9
174638-15-4
5786-71-0
23155-02-4
54870-27-8
6064-83-1
488-69-7
488-69-7
98048-97-6
95399-71-6
13237-70-2
66508-53-0
103878-96-2
93390-81-9
5598-52-7
258516-89-1
114517-02-1
75889-62-2
87810-56-8
193901-91-6
92118-27-9
37132-72-2
141790-23-0
86696-88-0
148396-36-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

29

FRAKEFAMIDE
FRAMYCETIN
FRENTIZOLE
FRESELESTAT
FRONEPIDIL
FROVATRIPTAN
FROXIPROST
FTALOFYNE
FTAXILIDE
FTIVAZIDE
FTORMETAZINE
FTORPROPAZINE
FUBROGONIUM IODIDE
FUDOSTEINE
FULADECTIN
FULVESTRANT
FUMAGILLIN
FUMOXICILLIN
FUPRAZOLE
FURACRINIC ACID
FURAFYLLINE
FURALAZINE
FURALTADONE
FURAPROFEN
FURAZABOL
FURAZOLIDONE
FURAZOLIUM CHLORIDE
FURBUCILLIN
FURCLOPROFEN
FUREGRELATE
FURETHIDINE
FURFENOREX
FURIDARONE
FURMETHOXADONE
FURNIDIPINE
FUROBUFEN
FURODAZOLE
FUROFENAC
FUROMAZINE
FUROMINE
FUROSEMIDE
FUROSTILBESTROL
FURSALAN
FURSULTIAMINE
FURTERENE
FURTRETHONIUM IODIDE
FUSAFUNGINE
FUSIDIC ACID
FUZLOCILLIN
FYTIC ACID
GABAPENTIN
GABAPENTIN ENACARBIL
GABEXATE
GABOXADOL
GACYCLIDINE
GADOBENIC ACID
GADOBUTROL
GADOCOLETIC ACID
GADODENTERATE
GADODIAMIDE

188196-22-7
119-04-0
26130-02-9
208848-19-5
79700-63-3
158747-02-5
62559-74-4
131-67-9
19368-18-4
149-17-7
33414-30-1
33414-36-7
3690-58-2
13189-98-5
205537-83-3
129453-61-8
23110-15-8
78186-33-1
60248-23-9
23580-33-8
80288-49-9
556-12-7
139-91-3
67700-30-5
1239-29-8
67-45-8
5118-17-2
54340-65-7
58012-63-8
85666-24-6
2385-81-1
3776-93-0
4662-17-3
6281-26-1
138661-03-7
38873-55-1
56119-96-1
56983-13-2
28532-90-3
142996-66-5
54-31-9
549-40-6
15686-77-8
804-30-8
7761-75-3
541-64-0
1393-87-9
6990-06-3
66327-51-3
83-86-3
60142-96-3
478296-72-9
39492-01-8
64603-91-4
68134-81-6
113662-23-0
138071-82-6
280776-87-6
544697-52-1
122795-43-1

GADOFOSVESET
GADOMELITOL
GADOPENAMIDE
GADOPENTETIC ACID
GADOTERIC ACID
GADOTERIDOL
GADOVERSETAMIDE
GADOXETIC ACID
GALAMUSTINE
GALANTAMINE
GALARUBICIN
GALDANSETRON
GALIXIMAB
GALLAMINE TRIETHIODIDE
GALLIUM (67 GA) CITRATE
GALLOPAMIL
GALOCITABINE
GALOSEMIDE
GALSULFASE
GALTIFENIN
GAMFEXINE
GAMITHROMYCIN
GAMOLENIC ACID
GANAXOLONE
GANCICLOVIR
GANEFROMYCIN
GANGLEFENE
GANIRELIX
GANSTIGMINE
GANTACURIUM CHLORIDE
GANTENERUMAB
GANTOFIBAN
GAPICOMINE
GAPROMIDINE
GARENOXACIN
GARNOCESTIM
GATIFLOXACIN
GAVESTINEL
GAVILIMOMAB
GECLOSPORIN
GEDOCARNIL
GEFARNATE
GEFITINIB
GEMAZOCINE
GEMCABENE
GEMCADIOL
GEMCITABINE
GEMEPROST
GEMFIBROZIL
GEMIFLOXACIN
GEMOPATRILAT
GEMTUZUMAB
GENTAMICIN
GENTISIC ACID
GEPEFRINE
GEPIRONE
GEROQUINOL
GESTACLONE
GESTADIENOL
GESTODENE

193901-90-5
227622-74-4
117827-80-2
80529-93-7
72573-82-1
120066-54-8
131069-91-5
135326-11-3
105618-02-8
357-70-0
140637-86-1
116684-92-5
357613-77-5
65-29-2
41183-64-6
16662-47-8
124012-42-6
52157-91-2
552858-79-4
106719-74-8
7273-99-6
145435-72-9
506-26-3
38398-32-2
82410-32-0
114451-30-8
299-61-6
124904-93-4
457075-21-7
213998-46-0
89957-37-9
183547-57-1
1539-39-5
106686-40-2
194804-75-6
246861-96-1
160738-57-8
153436-22-7
244096-20-6
74436-00-3
109623-97-4
51-77-4
184475-35-2
54063-47-7
183293-82-5
35449-36-6
95058-81-4
64318-79-2
25812-30-0
204519-64-2
160135-92-2
220578-59-6
1403-66-3
490-79-9
18840-47-6
83928-76-1
10457-66-6
19291-69-1
14340-01-3
60282-87-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

30
GESTONORONE CAPROATE
GESTRINONE
GEVOTROLINE
GIMATECAN
GIMERACIL
GIPARMEN
GIRACODAZOLE
GIRACTIDE
GIRIPLADIB
GIRISOPAM
GITALIN, AMORPHOUS
GITALOXIN
GITOFORMATE
GLAFENINE
GLASPIMOD
GLAZIOVINE
GLEMANSERIN
GLENVASTATIN
GLEPTOFERRON
GLIAMILIDE
GLIBENCLAMIDE
GLIBORNURIDE
GLIBUTIMINE
GLICARAMIDE
GLICETANILE
GLICLAZIDE
GLICONDAMIDE
GLIDAZAMIDE
GLIFLUMIDE
GLIMEPIRIDE
GLIPALAMIDE
GLIPIZIDE
GLIQUIDONE
GLISAMURIDE
GLISENTIDE
GLISINDAMIDE
GLISOLAMIDE
GLISOXEPIDE
GLOBIN ZINC INSULIN INJECTION
GLOXAZONE
GLOXIMONAM
GLUCAGON
GLUCALOX
GLUCAMETACIN
GLUCARPIDASE
GLUCOSAMINE
GLUCOSULFAMIDE
GLUCOSULFONE
GLUCUROLACTONE
GLUCURONAMIDE
GLUFOSFAMIDE
GLUNICATE
GLUSOFERRON
GLUTARAL
GLUTAURINE
GLUTETHIMIDE
GLYBUTHIAZOL
GLYBUZOLE
GLYCLOPYRAMIDE
GLYCOBIARSOL

1253-28-7
16320-04-0
107266-06-8
292618-32-7
103766-25-2
67268-43-3
110883-46-0
24870-04-0
865200-20-0
82230-53-3
1405-76-1
3261-53-8
10176-39-3
3820-67-5
134143-28-5
17127-48-9
132553-86-7
122254-45-9
57680-55-4
51876-98-3
10238-21-8
26944-48-9
25859-76-1
36980-34-4
24455-58-1
21187-98-4
52994-25-9
3074-35-9
35273-88-2
93479-97-1
37598-94-0
29094-61-9
33342-05-1
52430-65-6
32797-92-5
71010-45-2
24477-37-0
25046-79-1
9004-21-1
2507-91-7
90850-05-8
16941-32-5
12182-48-8
52443-21-7
9074-87-7
3416-24-8
7007-76-3
554-18-7
32449-92-6
61914-43-0
132682-98-5
80763-86-6
56959-18-3
111-30-8
56488-60-9
77-21-4
535-65-9
1492-02-0
631-27-6
116-49-4

GLYCOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE
GLYCYCLAMIDE
GLYHEXAMIDE
GLYMIDINE SODIUM
GLYOCTAMIDE
GLYPINAMIDE
GLYPROTHIAZOL
GLYSOBUZOLE
GOLD (198 AU), COLLOIDAL
GOLIMUMAB
GOLOTIMOD
GONADORELIN
GORALATIDE
GOSERELIN
GOXALAPLADIB
GRAMICIDIN
GRAMICIDIN S
GRANISETRON
GREPAFLOXACIN
GRISEOFULVIN
GUABENXAN
GUACETISAL
GUAFECAINOL
GUAIACTAMINE
GUAIAPATE
GUAIETOLIN
GUAIFENESIN
GUAIFYLLINE
GUAIMESAL
GUAISTEINE
GUAMECYCLINE
GUANABENZ
GUANACLINE
GUANADREL
GUANAZODINE
GUANCIDINE
GUANCLOFINE
GUANETHIDINE
GUANFACINE
GUANISOQUINE
GUANOCLOR
GUANOCTINE
GUANOXABENZ
GUANOXAN
GUANOXYFEN
GUSPERIMUS
HACHIMYCIN
HALAZEPAM
HALAZONE
HALCINONIDE
HALETAZOLE
HALOCARBAN
HALOCORTOLONE
HALOFANTRINE
HALOFENATE
HALOFUGINONE
HALOMETASONE
HALONAMINE
HALOPEMIDE
HALOPENIUM CHLORIDE

596-51-0
664-95-9
451-71-8
3459-20-9
1038-59-1
1228-19-9
80-34-2
3567-08-6
10043-49-9
476181-74-5
229305-39-9
33515-09-2
120081-14-3
65807-02-5
412950-27-7
1405-97-6
113-73-5
109889-09-0
119914-60-2
126-07-8
19889-45-3
55482-89-8
36199-78-7
15687-23-7
852-42-6
63834-83-3
93-14-1
5634-38-8
81674-79-5
103181-72-2
16545-11-2
5051-62-7
1463-28-1
40580-59-4
59252-59-4
1113-10-6
55926-23-3
55-65-2
29110-47-2
154-73-4
5001-32-1
3658-25-1
7473-70-3
2165-19-7
13050-83-4
104317-84-2
1394-02-1
23092-17-3
80-13-7
3093-35-4
15599-36-7
369-77-7
24320-27-2
69756-53-2
26718-25-2
55837-20-2
50629-82-8
50583-06-7
59831-65-1
7008-13-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

31

HALOPERIDOL
HALOPREDONE
HALOPROGESTERONE
HALOPROGIN
HALOTHANE
HALOXAZOLAM
HALOXON
HAMYCIN
HEDAQUINIUM CHLORIDE
HELIOMYCIN
HEMOGLOBIN GLUTAMER
HEMOGLOBIN RAFFIMER
HEMOGLOBIN CROSFUMARIL
HEPARIN SODIUM
HEPRONICATE
HEPTABARB
HEPTAMINOL
HEPTAVERINE
HEPTOLAMIDE
HEPZIDINE
HETACILLIN
HETAFLUR
HETERONIUM BROMIDE
HEXACHLOROPHENE
HEXACYPRONE
HEXADILINE
HEXADIMETHRINE BROMIDE
HEXAFLURONIUM BROMIDE
HEXAMETHONIUM BROMIDE
HEXAMIDINE
HEXAPRADOL
HEXAPROFEN
HEXAPROPYMATE
HEXASONIUM IODIDE
HEXCARBACHOLINE BROMIDE
HEXEDINE
HEXESTROL
HEXETIDINE
HEXOBARBITAL
HEXOBENDINE
HEXOCYCLIUM METILSULFATE
HEXOPRENALINE
HEXOPYRRONIUM BROMIDE
HEXYLCAINE
HISTAPYRRODINE
HISTIDINE
HISTRELIN
HOMARYLAMINE
HOMATROPINE METHYLBROMIDE
HOMIDIUM BROMIDE
HOMOCHLORCYCLIZINE
HOMOFENAZINE
HOMOPIPRAMOL
HOMOSALATE
HOMPRENORPHINE
HOPANTENIC ACID
HOQUIZIL
HYALOSIDASE
HYALURONIDASE
HYCANTHONE

52-86-8
57781-15-4
3538-57-6
777-11-7
151-67-7
59128-97-1
321-55-1
1403-71-0
4310-89-8
11029-70-2

197462-97-8
142261-03-8
9005-49-6
7237-81-2
509-86-4
372-66-7
54063-48-8
1034-82-8
1096-72-6
3511-16-8
3151-59-5
7247-57-6
70-30-4
892-01-3
3626-67-3
9011-04-5
317-52-2
55-97-0
3811-75-4
15599-37-8
24645-20-3
358-52-1
3569-59-3
306-41-2
5980-31-4
5635-50-7
141-94-6
56-29-1
54-03-5
115-63-9
3215-70-1
3734-12-1
532-77-4
493-80-1
71-00-1
76712-82-8
451-77-4
80-49-9
1239-45-8
848-53-3
3833-99-6
35142-68-8
118-56-9
16549-56-7
18679-90-8
21560-59-8
37326-33-3
9001-54-1
3105-97-3

HYDRACARBAZINE
HYDRALAZINE
HYDRARGAPHEN
HYDROBENTIZIDE
HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE
HYDROCODONE
HYDROCORTAMATE
HYDROCORTISONE
HYDROCORTISONE ACEPONATE
HYDROFLUMETHIAZIDE
HYDROMADINONE
HYDROMORPHINOL
HYDROMORPHONE
HYDROTALCITE
HYDROXINDASATE
HYDROXINDASOL
HYDROXOCOBALAMIN
HYDROXYAMFETAMINE
HYDROXYCARBAMIDE
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE
HYDROXYDIONE SODIUM SUCCI-

NATE

HYDROXYPETHIDINE
HYDROXYPROCAINE
HYDROXYPROGESTERONE
HYDROXYPROGESTERONE

CAPROATE

HYDROXYPYRIDINE TARTRATE
HYDROXYSTENOZOLE
HYDROXYSTILBAMIDINE
HYDROXYTETRACAINE
HYDROXYTOLUIC ACID
HYDROXYZINE
HYMECROMONE
IBACITABINE
IBAFLOXACIN
IBALIZUMAB
IBANDRONIC ACID
IBAZOCINE
IBIPINABANT
IBOCTADEKIN
IBODUTANT
IBOPAMINE
IBRITUMOMAB TIUXETAN
IBROLIPIM
IBROTAMIDE
IBUDILAST
IBUFENAC
IBUPROXAM
IBUTAMOREN
IBUTEROL
IBUTILIDE
IBUVERINE
ICARIDIN
ICATIBANT
ICLAPRIM
ICLAZEPAM
ICODULINE
ICOFUNGIPEN
ICOMETASONE ENBUTATE

3614-47-9
86-54-4
14235-86-0
13957-38-5
58-93-5
125-29-1
76-47-1
50-23-7
74050-20-7
135-09-1
16469-74-2
2183-56-4
466-99-9
12304-65-3
7008-14-2
7008-15-3
13422-51-0
1518-86-1
127-07-1
118-42-3

53-10-1

468-56-4
487-53-6
68-96-2

630-56-8

7008-17-5
19120-01-5
495-99-8
490-98-2
83-40-9
68-88-2
90-33-5
611-53-0
91618-36-9
680188-33-4
114084-78-5
57653-28-8
464213-10-3
479198-61-3
522664-63-7
66195-31-1
206181-63-7
133208-93-2
466-14-8
50847-11-5
1553-60-2
53648-05-8
159634-47-6
53034-85-8
122647-31-8
31221-85-9
119515-38-7
130308-48-4
192314-93-5
57916-70-8
138511-81-6
198022-65-0
103466-73-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

32
ICOMUCRET
ICOPEZIL
ICOSAPENT
ICOSPIRAMIDE
ICROCAPTIDE
IDARUBICIN
IDAVERINE
IDAZOXAN
IDEBENONE
IDENAST
IDOXIFENE
IDOXURIDINE
IDRABIOTAPARINUX SODIUM
IDRALFIDINE
IDRAMANTONE
IDRAPARINUX SODIUM
IDRAPRIL
IDREMCINAL
IDROCILAMIDE
IDRONOXIL
IDROPRANOLOL
IDURSULFASE (IDUSULFASE)
IFENPRODIL
IFERANSERIN
IFETROBAN
IFOSFAMIDE
IFOXETINE
IGANIDIPINE
IGMESINE
IGOVOMAB
IGURATIMOD
ILAPRAZOLE
ILATREOTIDE
ILEPATRIL
ILEPCIMIDE
ILIPARCIL
ILMOFOSINE
ILODECAKIN
ILOMASTAT
ILONIDAP
ILOPERIDONE
ILOPROST
IMAFEN
IMANIXIL
IMATINIB
IMAZODAN
IMCARBOFOS
IMCIROMAB
IMEGLIMIN
IMEPITOIN
IMEXON
IMICLOPAZINE
IMIDAFENACIN
IMIDAPRIL
IMIDAPRILAT
IMIDAZOLE SALICYLATE
IMIDOCARB
IMIDOLINE
IMIGLITAZAR
IMIGLUCERASE

54845-95-3
145508-78-7
10417-94-4
79449-99-3
169543-49-1
58957-92-9
100927-13-7
79944-58-4
58186-27-9
108674-88-0
116057-75-1
54-42-2
405159-59-3
95668-38-5
20098-14-0
149920-56-9
127420-24-0
110480-13-2
6961-46-2
81267-65-4
27581-02-8
50936-59-9
23210-56-2
58754-46-4
143443-90-7
3778-73-2
66208-11-5
119687-33-1
140850-73-3
171656-50-1
123663-49-0
172152-36-2
119719-11-8
473289-62-2
82857-82-7
137214-72-3
83519-04-4
149824-15-7
142880-36-2
135202-79-8
133454-47-4
73873-87-7
60719-86-0
75689-93-9
152459-95-5
84243-58-3
66608-32-0
126132-83-0
775351-65-0
188116-07-6
59643-91-3
7224-08-0
170105-16-5
89371-37-9
89371-44-8
36364-49-5
27885-92-3
7303-78-8
250601-04-8
154248-97-2

IMILOXAN
IMINOPHENIMIDE
IMIPENEM
IMIPRAMINE
IMIPRAMINOXIDE
IMIQUIMOD
IMIRESTAT
IMISOPASEM MANGANESE
IMITRODAST
IMOLAMINE
IMOXITEROL
IMPACARZINE
IMPLITAPIDE
IMPROMIDINE
IMPROSULFAN
IMURACETAM
INAKALANT
INAPERISONE
INCADRONIC ACID
INCYCLINIDE
INDACATEROL
INDACRINONE
INDALPINE
INDANAZOLINE
INDANIDINE
INDANOREX
INDANTADOL
INDAPAMIDE
INDATRALINE
INDECAINIDE
INDELOXAZINE
INDENOLOL
INDIBULIN
INDINAVIR
INDIPLON
INDISETRON
INDISULAM
INDOBUFEN
INDOCATE
INDOLAPRIL
INDOLIDAN
INDOMETACIN
INDOPANOLOL
INDOPINE
INDOPROFEN
INDORAMIN
INDORENATE
INDOXOLE
INDRILINE
INECALCITOL
INFLIXIMAB
INGLIFORIB
INICARONE
INOCOTERONE
INOGATRAN
INOLIMOMAB
INOLITAZONE
INOSINE
INOSITOL NICOTINATE
INOTUZUMAB OZOGAMICIN

81167-16-0
7008-18-6
64221-86-9
50-49-7
6829-98-7
99011-02-6
89391-50-4
218791-21-0
114686-12-3
318-23-0
88578-07-8
41340-39-0
177469-96-4
55273-05-7
13425-98-4
67542-41-0
335619-18-6
99323-21-4
124351-85-5
15866-90-7
312753-06-3
57296-63-6
63758-79-2
40507-78-6
85392-79-6
16112-96-2
202844-10-8
26807-65-8
86939-10-8
74517-78-5
60929-23-9
60607-68-3
204205-90-3
150378-17-9
325715-02-4
141549-75-9
165668-41-7
63610-08-2
31386-25-1
80876-01-3
100643-96-7
53-86-1
69907-17-1
3569-26-4
31842-01-0
26844-12-2
73758-06-2
5034-76-4
7395-90-6
163217-09-2
170277-31-3
186392-65-4
39178-37-5
83646-97-3
155415-08-0
152981-31-2
223132-37-4
58-63-9
6556-11-2
635715-01-4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

33

INPROQUONE
INSULIN ARGINE
INSULIN ASPART
INSULIN DEFALAN
INSULIN GLARGINE
INSULIN LISPRO
INSULIN ZINC SUSPENSION (AMOR-

PHOUS)

INSULIN ZINC SUSPENSION (CRYS-

TALLINE)

INSULIN (HUMAN)
INSULIN GLULISINE
INSULIN DETEMIR
INTERFERON ALFACON-1
INTERFERON BETA
INTERFERON GAMMA
INTERFERON ALFA
INTERMEDINE
INTIQUINATINE
INTOPLICINE
INTRAZOLE
INTRIPTYLINE
IOBENGUANE (131 I)
IOBENZAMIC ACID
IOBITRIDOL
IOBUTOIC ACID
IOCARMIC ACID
IOCETAMIC ACID
IODAMIDE
IODECIMOL
IODETRYL
IODINATED (131 I) HUMAN
IODINATED (125 I) HUMAN
IODIXANOL
IODOCETILIC ACID (123 I)
IODOCHOLESTEROL (131 I)
IODOFILTIC ACID (123I)
IODOPHTHALEIN SODIUM
IODOTHIOURACIL
IODOXAMIC ACID
IOFENDYLATE
IOFETAMINE (123 I)
IOFLUPANE (123 I)
IOFRATOL
IOGLICIC ACID
IOGLUCOL
IOGLUCOMIDE
IOGLUNIDE
IOGLYCAMIC ACID
IOHEXOL
IOLIDONIC ACID
IOLIXANIC ACID
IOLOPRIDE (123 I)
IOMAZENIL (123 I)
IOMEGLAMIC ACID
IOMEPROL
IOMETIN (125 I)
IOMETIN (131 I)
IOMETOPANE (123 I)
IOMORINIC ACID

436-40-8
68859-20-1
116094-23-6

160337-95-1
133107-64-9

8049-62-5

8049-62-5

11061-68-0
207748-29-6
169148-63-4
118390-30-0
9008-11-1
9008-11-1
9008-11-1
9002-79-3
445041-75-8
125974-72-3
15992-13-9
27466-27-9
77679-27-7
3115-05-7
136949-58-1
13445-12-0
10397-75-8
16034-77-8
440-58-4
81045-33-2
7008-02-8

92339-11-2
54510-20-2
42220-21-3
123748-56-1
2217-44-9
5984-97-4
31127-82-9
99-79-6
75917-92-9
155798-07-5
141660-63-1
49755-67-1
63941-73-1
63941-74-2
56562-79-9
2618-25-9
66108-95-0
21766-53-0
22730-86-5
113716-48-6
127396-36-5
25827-76-3
78649-41-9
17033-82-8
17033-83-9
136794-86-0
51934-76-0

IONCANLIDIC ACID (123 I)
IOPAMIDOL
IOPANOIC ACID
IOPENTOL
IOPHENOIC ACID
IOPROCEMIC ACID
IOPROMIDE
IOPRONIC ACID
IOPYDOL
IOPYDONE
IOSARCOL
IOSEFAMIC ACID
IOSERIC ACID
IOSIMENOL
IOSIMIDE
IOSULAMIDE
IOSUMETIC ACID
IOTALAMIC ACID
IOTASUL
IOTETRIC ACID
IOTRANIC ACID
IOTRISIDE
IOTRIZOIC ACID
IOTROLAN
IOTROXIC ACID
IOVERSOL
IOXABROLIC ACID
IOXAGLIC ACID
IOXILAN
IOXITALAMIC ACID
IOXOTRIZOIC ACID
IOZOMIC ACID
IPAMORELIN
IPAZILIDE
IPENOXAZONE
IPEXIDINE
IPIDACRINE
IPILIMUMAB
IPRAGRATINE
IPRAMIDIL
IPRATROPIUM BROMIDE
IPRAVACAINE
IPRAZOCHROME
IPRIFLAVONE
IPRINDOLE
IPROCLOZIDE
IPROCROLOL
IPROHEPTINE
IPRONIAZID
IPRONIDAZOLE
IPROPLATIN
IPROTIAZEM
IPROXAMINE
IPROZILAMINE
IPSALAZIDE
IPSAPIRONE
IQUINDAMINE
IRALUKAST
IRAMPANEL
IRATUMUMAB

74855-17-7
62883-00-5
96-83-3
89797-00-2
96-84-4
1456-52-6
73334-07-3
37723-78-7
5579-92-0
5579-93-1
97702-82-4
5591-33-3
51876-99-4
181872-90-2
79211-10-2
23205-04-1
37863-70-0
2276-90-6
71767-13-0
60019-19-4
26887-04-7
79211-34-0
16024-67-2
79770-24-4
51022-74-3
87771-40-2
96191-65-0
59017-64-0
107793-72-6
28179-44-4
19863-06-0
31598-07-9
170851-70-4
115436-73-2
104454-71-9
69017-89-6
62732-44-9
477202-00-9
22150-28-3
83656-38-6
22254-24-6
166181-63-1
7248-21-7
35212-22-7
5560-72-5
3544-35-2
37855-80-4
13946-02-6
54-92-2
14885-29-1
62928-11-4
105118-13-6
52403-19-7
55477-19-5
80573-03-1
95847-70-4
55299-11-1
151581-24-7
206260-33-5
640735-09-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

34
IRBESARTAN
IRINDALONE
IRINOTECAN
IRLOXACIN
IROFULVEN
IROLAPRIDE
IROPLACT
IROXANADINE
IRSOGLADINE
IRTEMAZOLE
ISAGLIDOLE
ISALMADOL
ISALSTEINE
ISAMFAZONE
ISAMOLTAN
ISAMOXOLE
ISATORIBINE
ISAVUCONAZOLE
ISAVUCONAZONIUM CHLORIDE
ISAXONINE
ISBOGREL
ISBUFYLLINE
ISEGANAN
ISEPAMICIN
ISMOMULTIN ALFA
ISOAMINILE
ISOBROMINDIONE
ISOBUTAMBEN
ISOCARBOXAZID
ISOCONAZOLE
ISOCROMIL
ISOETARINE
ISOFEZOLAC
ISOFLUPREDONE
ISOFLURANE
ISOLEUCINE
ISOMAZOLE
ISOMETAMIDIUM CHLORIDE
ISOMETHADONE
ISOMETHEPTENE
ISOMOLPAN
ISONIAZID
ISONIXIN
ISOPHANE INSULIN
ISOPRAZONE
ISOPREDNIDENE
ISOPRENALINE
ISOPROFEN
ISOPROPAMIDE IODIDE
ISOPROPICILLIN
ISOSORBIDE DINITRATE
ISOSORBIDE MONONITRATE
ISOSORBIDE
ISOSPAGLUMIC ACID
ISOSULPRIDE
ISOTHIPENDYL
ISOTIQUIMIDE
ISOTRETINOIN
ISOXAPROLOL
ISOXEPAC

138402-11-6
96478-43-2
97682-44-5
91524-15-1
158440-71-2
64779-98-2
154248-96-1
276690-58-5
57381-26-7
115574-30-6
110605-64-6
269079-62-1
116818-99-6
55902-02-8
116861-00-8
57067-46-6
122970-40-5
241479-67-4
338990-84-4
4214-72-6
89667-40-3
90162-60-0
257277-05-7
58152-03-7
457913-93-8
77-51-0
1470-35-5
94-14-4
59-63-2
27523-40-6
57009-15-1
530-08-5
50270-33-2
338-95-4
26675-46-7
73-32-5
86315-52-8
34301-55-8
466-40-0
503-01-5
107320-86-5
54-85-3
57021-61-1
8052-74-2
56463-68-4
17332-61-5
7683-59-2
57144-56-6
71-81-8
4780-24-9
87-33-2
16051-77-7
652-67-5
3106-85-2
42792-26-7
482-15-5
56717-18-1
4759-48-2
75949-60-9
55453-87-7

ISOXICAM
ISOXSUPRINE
ISPINESIB
ISPRONICLINE
ISRADIPINE
ISRAPAFANT
ISTAROXIME
ISTRADEFYLLINE
ITAMELINE
ITANOXONE
ITASETRON
ITAZIGREL
ITOPRIDE
ITRACONAZOLE
ITRAMIN TOSILATE
ITRIGLUMIDE
ITROCAINIDE
ITROCINONIDE
ITURELIX
IVABRADINE
IVARIMOD
IVERMECTIN
IVOQUALINE
IXABEPILONE
IZONSTERIDE
JOSAMYCIN
KAINIC ACID
KALAFUNGIN
KALLIDINOGENASE
KANAMYCIN
KEBUZONE
KELIXIMAB
KERACYANIN
KETAMINE
KETANSERIN
KETAZOCINE
KETAZOLAM
KETIMIPRAMINE
KETOBEMIDONE
KETOCAINE
KETOCAINOL
KETOCONAZOLE
KETOPROFEN
KETORFANOL
KETOROLAC
KETOTIFEN
KETOTREXATE
KETOXAL
KHELLIN
KHELLOSIDE
KITASAMYCIN
LABETALOL
LABETUZUMAB
LABRADIMIL
LACIDIPINE
LACOSAMIDE (ERLOSAMIDE)
LACTALFATE
LACTITOL
LACTULOSE
LADIRUBICIN

34552-84-6
395-28-8
336113-53-2
252870-53-4
75695-93-1
117279-73-9
203737-93-3
155270-99-8
121750-57-0
58182-63-1
123258-84-4
70529-35-0
122898-67-3
84625-61-6
13445-63-1
201605-51-8
90828-99-2
106033-96-9
112568-12-4
155974-00-8
53003-81-9
70288-86-7
72714-75-1
219989-84-1
176975-26-1
16846-24-5
487-79-6
11048-15-0
9001-01-8
59-01-8
853-34-9
174722-30-6
18719-76-1
6740-88-1
74050-98-9
36292-69-0
27223-35-4
796-29-2
469-79-4
1092-46-2
7488-92-8
65277-42-1
22071-15-4
79798-39-3
74103-06-3
34580-13-7
52196-22-2
27762-78-3
82-02-0
17226-75-4
1392-21-8
36894-69-6
219649-07-7
159768-75-9
103890-78-4
175481-36-4
96427-12-2
585-86-4
4618-18-2
171047-47-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

35

LADOSTIGIL
LAFLUNIMUS
LAFUTIDINE
LAGATIDE
LAIDLOMYCIN
LAMIFIBAN
LAMIVUDINE
LAMOTRIGINE
LAMTIDINE
LANATOSIDE C
LANCOVUTIDE
LANDIOLOL
LANEPITANT
LANICEMINE
LANIMOSTIM
LANIQUIDAR
LANOCONAZOLE
LANPERISONE
LANPROSTON
LANREOTIDE
LANSOPRAZOLE
LAPAQUISTAT
LAPATINIB
LAPIRIUM CHLORIDE
LAPISTERIDE
LAPRAFYLLINE
LAQUINIMOD
LARAZOTIDE
LAROMUSTINE
LARONIDASE
LAROPIPRANT
LAROTAXEL
LASALOCID
LASINAVIR
LASOFOXIFENE
LATAMOXEF
LATANOPROST
LATIDECTIN A3
LATIDECTIN A4
LAUDEXIUM METILSULFATE
LAURALKONIUM CHLORIDE
LAURCETIUM BROMIDE
LAURIXAMINE
LAUROCAPRAM
LAUROGUADINE
LAUROLINIUM ACETATE
LAUROMACROGOL 400
LAVOLTIDINE
LAZABEMIDE
LECONOTIDE
LECOZOTAN
LEDAZEROL
LEDISMASE
LEDOXANTRONE
LEFETAMINE
LEFLUNOMIDE
LEFRADAFIBAN
LEIOPYRROLE
LEMALESOMAB
LEMIDOSUL

209394-27-4
147076-36-6
118288-08-7
157476-77-2
56283-74-0
144412-49-7
134678-17-4
84057-84-1
73278-54-3
17575-22-3
1391-36-2
133242-30-5
170566-84-4
153322-05-5
117276-75-2
197509-46-9
101530-10-3
116287-14-0
105674-77-9
108736-35-2
103577-45-3
189059-71-0
231277-92-2
6272-74-8
142139-60-4
90749-32-9
248281-84-7
258818-34-7
173424-77-6
210589-09-6
571170-77-9
156294-36-9
25999-31-9
175385-62-3
180916-16-9
64952-97-2
130209-82-4
371918-51-3
371918-44-4
3253-60-9
19486-61-4
1794-75-8
7617-74-5
59227-89-3
135-43-3
146-37-2
9002-92-0
76956-02-0
103878-84-8
247207-64-3
434283-16-6
116795-97-2
149394-67-2
113457-05-9
7262-75-1
75706-12-6
149503-79-7
5633-16-9
250242-54-7
88041-40-1

LEMILDIPINE
LEMINOPRAZOLE
LEMUTEPORFIN
LENALIDOMIDE
LENAMPICILLIN
LENAPENEM
LENERCEPT
LENIQUINSIN
LENOGRASTIM
LENPERONE
LENSIPRAZINE
LEPIRUDIN
LEPTACLINE
LERCANIDIPINE
LERDELIMUMAB
LERGOTRILE
LERIDISTIM
LERISETRON
LESOPITRON
LESTAURTINIB
LETEPRINIM
LETIMIDE
LETOSTEINE
LETRAZURIL
LETROZOLE
LEUCIGLUMER
LEUCINE
LEUCINOCAINE
LEUCOCIANIDOL
LEUPRORELIN
LEURUBICIN
LEVACETYLMETHADOL
LEVALLORPHAN
LEVAMFETAMINE
LEVAMISOLE
LEVAMLODIPINE
LEVCROMAKALIM
LEVCYCLOSERINE
LEVDOBUTAMINE
LEVEMOPAMIL
LEVETIRACETAM
LEVISOPRENALINE
LEVLOFEXIDINE
LEVMETAMFETAMINE
LEVOBETAXOLOL
LEVOBUNOLOL
LEVOCABASTINE
LEVOCARNITINE
LEVOCETIRIZINE
LEVODOPA
LEVODROPROPIZINE
LEVOFACETOPERANE
LEVOFENFLURAMINE
LEVOFLOXACIN
LEVOFURALTADONE
LEVOGLUTAMIDE
LEVOLANSOPRAZOLE
LEVOLANSOPRAZOLE
LEVOMEFOLIC ACID
LEVOMENOL

125729-29-5
104340-86-5
215808-49-4
191732-72-6
86273-18-9
149951-16-6
156679-34-4
10351-50-5
135968-09-1
24678-13-5
327026-93-7
138068-37-8
5005-72-1
100427-26-7
285985-06-0
36945-03-6
193700-51-5
143257-98-1
132449-46-8
111358-88-4
138117-50-7
26513-90-6
53943-88-7
103337-74-2
112809-51-5
41385-14-2
61-90-5
92-23-9
480-17-1
53714-56-0
70774-25-3
34433-66-4
152-02-3
156-34-3
14769-73-4
103129-82-4
94535-50-9
339-72-0
61661-06-1
101238-51-1
102767-28-2
51-31-0
81447-78-1
33817-09-3
93221-48-8
47141-42-4
79516-68-0
541-15-1
130018-77-8
59-92-7
99291-25-5
634-08-2
37577-24-5
100986-85-4
3795-88-8
56-85-9
138530-95-7
138530-95-7
31690-09-2
23089-26-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

36
LEVOMEPROMAZINE
LEVOMETHADONE
LEVOMETHORPHAN
LEVOMETIOMEPRAZINE
LEVOMILNACIPRAN
LEVOMOPROLOL
LEVOMORAMIDE
LEVONADIFLOXACIN
LEVONANTRADOL
LEVONEBIVOLOL
LEVONORGESTREL
LEVOPHENACYLMORPHAN
LEVOPROPICILLIN
LEVOPROPOXYPHENE
LEVOPROPYLHEXEDRINE
LEVOPROTILINE
LEVORIN
LEVORMELOXIFENE
LEVORPHANOL
LEVOSALBUTAMOL
LEVOSEMOTIADIL
LEVOSIMENDAN
LEVOSULPIRIDE
LEVOTHYROXINE SODIUM
LEVOTOFISOPAM
LEVOXADROL
LEXACALCITOL
LEXATUMUMAB
LEXIPAFANT
LEXITHROMYCIN
LEXOFENAC
LIAROZOLE
LIATERMIN
LIBECILLIDE
LIBENZAPRIL
LIBIVIRUMAB
LICARBAZEPINE
LICOFELONE
LICOSTINEL
LIDADRONIC ACID
LIDAMIDINE
LIDANSERIN
LIDIMYCIN
LIDOCAINE
LIDOFENIN
LIDOFLAZINE
LIDORESTAT
LIFARIZINE
LIFIBRATE
LIFIBROL
LIFICIGUAT
LILOPRISTONE
LIMAPROST
LIMAZOCIC
LINACLOTIDE
LINAGLIPTIN
LINAPRAZAN
LINAROTENE
LINCOMYCIN
LINETASTINE

60-99-1
125-58-6
125-70-2
1759-09-7
96847-55-1
77164-20-6
5666-11-5
154357-42-3
71048-87-8
118457-16-2
797-63-7
10061-32-2
3736-12-7
2338-37-6
6192-97-8
76496-68-9
11014-70-3
78994-23-7
77-07-6
34391-04-3
116476-16-5
141505-33-1
23672-07-3
55-03-8
82059-51-6
4792-18-1
131875-08-6
845816-02-6
139133-26-9
53066-26-5
41387-02-4
115575-11-6
188630-14-0
27826-45-5
97878-35-8
569658-79-3
29331-92-8
156897-06-2
153504-81-5
63132-38-7
66871-56-5
73725-85-6
10118-85-1
137-58-6
59160-29-1
3416-26-0
245116-90-9
119514-66-8
22204-91-7
96609-16-4
170632-47-0
97747-88-1
88852-12-4
128620-82-6
851199-59-2
668270-12-0
248919-64-4
127304-28-3
154-21-2
159776-68-8

LINEZOLID
LINOGLIRIDE
LINOPIRDINE
LINOPRISTIN
LINOTROBAN
LINSIDOMINE
LINTITRIPT
LINTOPRIDE
LINTUZUMAB
LIOTHYRONINE
LIRAGLUTIDE
LIRANAFTATE
LIREQUINIL
LIREXAPRIDE
LIRIMILAST
LIROLDINE
LISADIMATE
LISDEXAMFETAMINE
LISINOPRIL
LISOFYLLINE
LISURIDE
LITENIMOD
LITOMEGLOVIR
LITOXETINE
LITRACEN
LIVARAPARIN CALCIUM
LIVIDOMYCIN
LIXAZINONE
LIXISENATIDE
LIXIVAPTAN
LOBAPLATIN
LOBEGLITAZONE
LOBELINE
LOBENDAZOLE
LOBENZARIT
LOBUCAVIR
LOBUPROFEN
LOCICORTOLONE DICIBATE
LODAXAPRINE
LODAZECAR
LODELABEN
LODENAFIL CARBONATE
LODENOSINE
LODINIXIL
LODIPERONE
LODOXAMIDE
LOFEMIZOLE
LOFENDAZAM
LOFENTANIL
LOFEPRAMINE
LOFEXIDINE
LOFLUCARBAN
LOMBAZOLE
LOMEFLOXACIN
LOMEGUATRIB
LOMERIZINE
LOMETRALINE
LOMETREXOL
LOMEVACTONE
LOMIFYLLINE

165800-03-3
75358-37-1
105431-72-9
325965-23-9
120824-08-0
33876-97-0
136381-85-6
107429-63-0
166089-32-3
6893-02-3
204656-20-2
88678-31-3
143943-73-1
145414-12-6
329306-27-6
105102-20-3
136-44-7
608137-32-2
76547-98-3
100324-81-0
18016-80-3
852313-25-8
321915-31-5
86811-09-8
5118-30-9

36441-41-5
94192-59-3
320367-13-3
168079-32-1
135558-11-1
607723-33-1
90-69-7
6306-71-4
63329-53-3
127759-89-1
98207-12-6
78467-68-2
93181-81-8
87646-83-1
93105-81-8
398507-55-6
110143-10-7
86627-50-1
72444-63-4
53882-12-5
65571-68-8
29176-29-2
61380-40-3
23047-25-8
31036-80-3
790-69-2
60628-98-0
98079-51-7
192441-08-0
101477-55-8
39951-65-0
106400-81-1
81478-25-3
10226-54-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

37

LOMUSTINE
LONAFARNIB
LONAPALENE
LONAPRISAN
LONAPROFEN
LONAZOLAC
LONIDAMINE
LOPERAMIDE OXIDE
LOPERAMIDE
LOPINAVIR
LOPIRAZEPAM
LOPRAZOLAM
LOPRODIOL
LORACARBEF
LORAJMINE
LORAPRIDE
LORATADINE
LORAZEPAM
LORBAMATE
LORCAINIDE
LORCASERIN
LORCINADOL
LORECLEZOLE
LORGLUMIDE
LORMETAZEPAM
LORNOXICAM
LORPIPRAZOLE
LORTALAMINE
LORZAFONE
LOSARTAN
LOSIGAMONE
LOSINDOLE
LOSMIPROFEN
LOSOXANTRONE
LOSULAZINE
LOTEPREDNOL
LOTIFAZOLE
LOTRAFIBAN
LOTRIFEN
LOTUCAINE
LOVASTATIN
LOVIRIDE
LOXANAST
LOXAPINE
LOXIGLUMIDE
LOXOPROFEN
LOXORIBINE
LOZILUREA
LUBAZODONE
LUBELUZOLE
LUBIPROSTONE
LUCANTHONE
LUCARTAMIDE
LUCATUMUMAB
LUCIMYCIN
LUFENURON
LUFIRONIL
LUFURADOM
LULICONAZOLE
LUMEFANTRINE

13010-47-4
193275-84-2
91431-42-4
211254-73-8
41791-49-5
53808-88-1
50264-69-2
106900-12-3
53179-11-6
192725-17-0
42863-81-0
61197-73-7
2209-86-1
76470-66-1
47562-08-3
68677-06-5
79794-75-5
846-49-1
24353-88-6
59729-31-6
616202-92-7
104719-71-3
117857-45-1
97964-56-2
848-75-9
70374-39-9
108785-69-9
76612-20-9
59179-95-2
114798-26-4
112856-44-7
69175-77-5
74168-08-4
88303-60-0
72141-57-2
129260-79-3
71119-10-3
171049-14-2
66535-86-2
52304-85-5
75330-75-5
147362-57-0
69915-62-4
1977-10-2
107097-80-3
68767-14-6
121288-39-9
71475-35-9
161178-07-0
144665-07-6
333963-40-9
479-50-5
76743-10-7
903512-50-5
13058-67-8
103055-07-8
128075-79-6
85118-42-9
187164-19-8
82186-77-4

LUMILIXIMAB
LUMIRACOXIB
LUPITIDINE
LUPROSTIOL
LURASIDONE
LUROSETRON
LURTOTECAN
LUSAPERIDONE
LUSUPULTIDE
LUTRELIN
LUTROPIN ALFA
LUXABENDAZOLE
LYMECYCLINE
LYNESTRENOL
LYPRESSIN
LYSERGIDE
MABUPROFEN
MABUTEROL
MACITENTAN
MACROSALB (131 I)
MACROSALB (99M TC)
MADURAMICIN
MAFENIDE
MAFOPRAZINE
MAFOSFAMIDE
MAGALDRATE
MAGNESIUM CLOFIBRATE
MAITANSINE
MALETAMER
MALEYLSULFATHIAZOLE
MALOTILATE
MANAGLINAT DIALANETIL
MANGAFODIPIR
MANIDIPINE
MANIFAXINE
MANITIMUS
MANNITOL HEXANITRATE
MANNOMUSTINE
MANNOSULFAN
MANOZODIL
MANTABEGRON
MAPATUMUMAB
MAPINASTINE
MAPROTILINE
MARAVIROC
MARBOFLOXACIN
MARIBAVIR
MARIBAVIRUM
MARIDOMYCIN
MARIMASTAT
MARIPTILINE
MAROPITANT
MAROXEPIN
MASILUKAST
MASITINIB
MASLIMOMAB
MASOPROCOL
MATUZUMAB
MAVACOXIB
MAZAPERTINE

357613-86-6
220991-20-8
83903-06-4
67110-79-6
367514-87-2
128486-54-4
149882-10-0
214548-46-6
200074-80-2
66866-63-5
152923-57-4
90509-02-7
992-21-2
52-76-6
50-57-7
50-37-3
82821-47-4
56341-08-3
441798-33-0
54182-63-7
54277-47-3
84878-61-5
138-39-6
80428-29-1
88859-04-5
74978-16-8
14613-30-0
35846-53-8
29535-27-1
515-57-1
59937-28-9
280782-97-0
155319-91-8
120092-68-4
135306-39-7
202057-76-9
15825-70-4
576-68-1
7518-35-6
77528-67-7
36144-08-8
658052-09-6
140945-32-0
10262-69-8
376348-65-1
115550-35-1
176161-24-3
176161-24-3
35775-82-7
154039-60-8
60070-14-6
147116-67-4
65509-24-2
136564-68-6
790299-79-5
127757-92-0
27686-84-6
339186-68-4
170569-88-7
134208-17-6

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

38
MAZATICOL
MAZINDOL
MAZIPREDONE
MAZOKALIM
MEBANAZINE
MEBENDAZOLE
MEBENOSIDE
MEBEVERINE
MEBEZONIUM IODIDE
MEBHYDROLIN
MEBIQUINE
MEBOLAZINE
MEBROFENIN
MEBUTAMATE
MEBUTIZIDE
MECAMYLAMINE
MECARBINATE
MECASERMIN
MECASERMIN RINFABATE
MECETRONIUM ETILSULFATE
MECIADANOL
MECILLINAM
MECINARONE
MECLINERTANT (REMINERTANT)
MECLOCYCLINE
MECLOFENAMIC ACID
MECLOFENOXATE
MECLONAZEPAM
MECLOQUALONE
MECLORALUREA
MECLORISONE
MECLOXAMINE
MECLOZINE
MECOBALAMIN
MECRILATE
MECYSTEINE
MEDAZEPAM
MEDAZOMIDE
MEDETOMIDINE
MEDIBAZINE
MEDIFOXAMINE
MEDORINONE
MEDORUBICIN
MEDROGESTONE
MEDRONIC ACID
MEDROXALOL
MEDROXYPROGESTERONE
MEDRYLAMINE
MEDRYSONE
MEFECLORAZINE
MEFENAMIC ACID
MEFENIDIL
MEFENIDRAMIUM METILSULFATE
MEFENOREX
MEFESERPINE
MEFEXAMIDE
MEFLOQUINE
MEFRUSIDE
MEGALOMICIN
MEGESTROL

42024-98-6
22232-71-9
13085-08-0
164178-54-5
65-64-5
31431-39-7
55902-93-7
3625-06-7
7681-78-9
524-81-2
23910-07-8
3625-07-8
78266-06-5
64-55-1
3568-00-1
60-40-2
15574-49-9
68562-41-4
478166-15-3
3006-10-8
65350-86-9
32887-01-7
26225-59-2
146362-70-1
2013-58-3
644-62-2
51-68-3
58662-84-3
340-57-8
1954-79-6
4732-48-3
5668-06-4
569-65-3
13422-55-4
137-05-3
2485-62-3
2898-12-6
300-22-1
86347-14-0
53-31-6
32359-34-5
88296-61-1
64314-52-9
977-79-7
1984-15-2
56290-94-9
520-85-4
524-99-2
2668-66-8
1243-33-0
61-68-7
58261-91-9
4858-60-0
17243-57-1
3735-85-1
1227-61-8
53230-10-7
7195-27-9
28022-11-9
3562-63-8

MEGLITINIDE
MEGLUCYCLINE
MEGLUMINE
MEGLUTOL
MELADRAZINE
MELAGATRAN
MELARSOMINE
MELARSONYL POTASSIUM
MELARSOPROL
MELDONIUM
MELENGESTROL
MELETIMIDE
MELEVODOPA
MELINAMIDE
MELITRACEN
MELIZAME
MELOGLIPTIN
MELOXICAM
MELPERONE
MELPHALAN
MELQUINAST
MELUADRINE
MEMANTINE
MEMOTINE
MENABITAN
MENADIOL SODIUM SULFATE
MENADIONE SODIUM BISULFITE
MENATETRENONE
MENBUTONE
MENFEGOL
MENGLYTATE
MENITRAZEPAM
MENOCTONE
MENOGARIL
MEOBENTINE
MEPACRINE
MEPARTRICIN
MEPENZOLATE BROMIDE
MEPHENESIN
MEPHENOXALONE
MEPHENTERMINE
MEPHENYTOIN
MEPINDOLOL
MEPIPRAZOLE
MEPIROXOL
MEPITIOSTANE
MEPIVACAINE
MEPIXANOX
MEPOLIZUMAB
MEPRAMIDIL
MEPREDNISONE
MEPROBAMATE
MEPROSCILLARIN
MEPROTIXOL
MEPRYLCAINE
MEPTAZINOL
MEPYRAMINE
MEQUIDOX
MEQUINOL
MEQUITAMIUM IODIDE

54870-28-9
31770-79-3
6284-40-8
503-49-1
13957-36-3
159776-70-2
128470-15-5
13355-00-5
494-79-1
76144-81-5
5633-18-1
14745-50-7
7101-51-1
14417-88-0
5118-29-6
26921-72-2
868771-57-7
71125-38-7
3575-80-2
148-82-3
87611-28-7
134865-33-1
19982-08-2
18429-69-1
83784-21-8
1612-30-2
130-37-0
863-61-6
3562-99-0
57821-32-6
579-94-2
28781-64-8
14561-42-3
71628-96-1
46464-11-3
83-89-6
11121-32-7
76-90-4
59-47-2
70-07-5
100-92-5
50-12-4
23694-81-7
20326-12-9
6968-72-5
21362-69-6
22801-44-1
17854-59-0
196078-29-2
23891-60-3
1247-42-3
57-53-4
33396-37-1
4295-63-0
495-70-5
54340-58-8
91-84-9
16915-79-0
150-76-5
101396-42-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

39

MEQUITAZINE
MERAFLOXACIN
MERALEIN SODIUM
MERALLURIDE
MERBROMIN
MERCAPTAMINE
MERCAPTOMERIN
MERCAPTOPURINE
MERCUDERAMIDE
MERCUMATILIN SODIUM
MERCUROBUTOL
MERCUROPHYLLINE
MERGOCRIPTINE
MERIBENDAN
MERIMEPODIB
MERISOPROL (197 HG)
MEROPENEM
MERPENTAN
MERSALYL
MERTIATIDE
MESABOLONE
MESALAZINE
MESECLAZONE
MESNA
MESOCARB
MESORIDAZINE
MESPIPERONE (11 C)
MESPIRENONE
MESTANOLONE
MESTEROLONE
MESTRANOL
MESUDIPINE
MESULERGINE
MESULFAMIDE
MESULFEN
MESUPRINE
MESUXIMIDE
METABROMSALAN
METACETAMOL
METACLAZEPAM
METACYCLINE
METAGLYCODOL
METAHEXAMIDE
METALKONIUM CHLORIDE
METALLIBURE
METAMELFALAN
METAMFAZONE
METAMFEPRAMONE
METAMFETAMINE
METAMIZOLE SODIUM
METAMPICILLIN
METANDIENONE
METANIXIN
METAPRAMINE
METARAMINOL
METATEROL
METAXALONE
METAZAMIDE
METAZIDE
METAZOCINE

29216-28-2
110013-21-3
4386-35-0
8069-64-5
129-16-8
60-23-1
20223-84-1
50-44-2
525-30-4
60135-06-0
498-73-7
8012-34-8
81968-16-3
119322-27-9
198821-22-6
5579-94-2
96036-03-2
165942-79-0
492-18-2
66516-09-4
7483-09-2
89-57-6
29053-27-8
19767-45-4
34262-84-5
5588-33-0
94153-50-1
87952-98-5
521-11-9
1424-00-6
72-33-3
62658-88-2
64795-35-3
122-89-4
135-58-0
7541-30-2
77-41-8
2577-72-2
621-42-1
65517-27-3
914-00-1
13980-94-4
565-33-3
100-95-8
926-93-2
1088-80-8
54063-49-9
15351-09-4
537-46-2
68-89-3
6489-97-0
72-63-9
4394-04-1
21730-16-5
54-49-9
3571-71-9
1665-48-1
14058-90-3
1707-15-9
3734-52-9

METBUFEN
METELIMUMAB
METENEPROST
METENKEFALIN
METENOLONE
METERGOLINE
METERGOTAMINE
METESCUFYLLINE
METESCULETOL
METESIND
METETHOHEPTAZINE
METETOIN
METFORMIN
METHACHOLINE CHLORIDE
METHADONE
METHALLENESTRIL
METHANDRIOL
METHANIAZIDE
METHANTHELINIUM BROMIDE
METHAPHENILENE
METHAPYRILENE
METHAQUALONE
METHARBITAL
METHASTYRIDONE
METHAZOLAMIDE
METHDILAZINE
METHENAMINE
METHEPTAZINE
METHESTROL
METHIODAL SODIUM
METHIOMEPRAZINE
METHIONINE
METHITURAL
METHOCARBAMOL
METHOCIDIN
METHOHEXITAL
METHOPRENE
METHOPROMAZINE
METHOSERPIDINE
METHOTREXATE
METHOXAMINE
METHOXYFLURANE
METHOXYPHEDRINE
METHOXYPHENAMINE
METHYCLOTHIAZIDE
METHYLBENACTYZIUM BROMIDE
METHYLBENZETHONIUM CHLORIDE
METHYLCELLULOSE
METHYLCHROMONE
METHYLDESORPHINE
METHYLDIHYDROMORPHINE
METHYLDOPA
METHYLERGOMETRINE
METHYLNALTREXONE BROMIDE
METHYLPENTYNOL
METHYLPHENIDATE
METHYLPHENOBARBITAL
METHYLPREDNISOLONE ACE-

PONATE

63472-04-8
272780-74-2
61263-35-2
58569-55-4
153-00-4
17692-51-2
22336-84-1
15518-82-8
52814-39-8
138384-68-6
509-84-2
5696-06-0
657-24-9
62-51-1
76-99-3
517-18-0
521-10-8
13447-95-5
53-46-3
493-78-7
91-80-5
72-44-6
50-11-3
721-19-7
554-57-4
1982-37-2
100-97-0
469-78-3
130-73-4
126-31-8
7009-43-0
63-68-3
467-43-6
532-03-6
1407-05-2
151-83-7
40596-69-8
61-01-8
865-04-3
59-05-2
390-28-3
76-38-0
530-54-1
93-30-1
135-07-9
3166-62-9
25155-18-4
9004-67-5
85-90-5
16008-36-9
509-56-8
555-30-6
113-42-8
73232-52-7
77-75-8
113-45-1
115-38-8

86401-95-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

40
METHYLPREDNISOLONE SULEP-

TANATE

METHYLPREDNISOLONE
METHYLROSANILINIUM CHLORIDE
METHYLTESTOSTERONE
METHYLTHIONINIUM CHLORIDE
METHYLTHIOURACIL
METHYPRYLON
METHYSERGIDE
METIAMIDE
METIAPINE
METIAZINIC ACID
METIBRIDE
METICILLIN
METICRANE
METILDIGOXIN
METINDIZATE
METIOPRIM
METIOXATE
METIPIROX
METIPRANOLOL
METIPRENALINE
METIROSINE
METISAZONE
METITEPINE
METIXENE
METIZOLINE
METKEFAMIDE
METOCHALCONE
METOCINIUM IODIDE
METOCLOPRAMIDE
METOFENAZATE
METOFOLINE
METOGEST
METOLAZONE
METOMIDATE
METOPIMAZINE
METOPON
METOPROLOL
METOQUIZINE
METOSERPATE
METOSTILENOL
METOXEPIN
METRAFAZOLINE
METRALINDOLE
METRAZIFONE
METRELEPTIN
METRENPERONE
METRIBOLONE
METRIFONATE
METRIFUDIL
METRIZAMIDE
METRONIDAZOLE
METUREDEPA
METYNODIOL
METYRAPONE
METYRIDINE
MEVASTATIN
MEXAFYLLINE
MEXAZOLAM

90350-40-6

83-43-2
548-62-9
58-18-4
61-73-4
56-04-2
125-64-4
361-37-5
34839-70-8
5800-19-1
13993-65-2
77989-60-7
61-32-5
1084-65-7
30685-43-9
15687-33-9
68902-57-8
42110-58-7
29342-02-7
22664-55-7
1212-03-9
672-87-7
1910-68-5
20229-30-5
4969-02-2
17692-22-7
66960-34-7
18493-30-6
2424-71-7
364-62-5
388-51-2
2154-02-1
52279-58-0
17560-51-9
5377-20-8
14008-44-7
143-52-2
37350-58-6
7125-67-9
1178-28-5
103980-45-6
22013-23-6
38349-38-1
54188-38-4
68289-14-5
186018-45-1
81043-56-3
965-93-5
52-68-6
23707-33-7
31112-62-6
443-48-1
1661-29-6
23163-42-0
54-36-4
114-91-0
73573-88-3
80294-25-3
31868-18-5

MEXENONE
MEXILETINE
MEXIPROSTIL
MEXOPROFEN
MEXRENOATE POTASSIUM
MEZACOPRIDE
MEZEPINE
MEZILAMINE
MEZLOCILLIN
MIANSERIN
MIBEFRADIL
MIBOLERONE
MIBOPLATIN
MICAFUNGIN
MICINICATE
MICONAZOLE
MICRONOMICIN
MIDAFLUR
MIDAFOTEL
MIDAGLIZOLE
MIDAMALINE
MIDAXIFYLLINE
MIDAZOGREL
MIDAZOLAM
MIDECAMYCIN
MIDEPLANIN
MIDESTEINE
MIDODRINE
MIDOSTAURIN
MIFAMURTIDE
MIFENTIDINE
MIFEPRISTONE
MIFOBATE
MIGALASTAT
MIGLITOL
MIGLUSTAT
MIKAMYCIN
MILACAINIDE
MILACEMIDE
MILAMELINE
MILATAXEL
MILATUZUMAB
MILENPERONE
MILFASARTAN
MILIPERTINE
MILNACIPRAN
MILODISTIM
MILOXACIN
MILRINONE
MILTEFOSINE
MILVERINE
MILVETEROL
MIMBANE
MIMOPEZIL
MINALRESTAT
MINAMESTANE
MINAPRINE
MINAXOLONE
MINDODILOL
MINDOPERONE

1641-17-4
31828-71-4
88980-20-5
37529-08-1
43169-54-6
89613-77-4
27432-00-4
50335-55-2
51481-65-3
24219-97-4
116644-53-2
3704-09-4
103775-75-3
235114-32-6
39537-99-0
22916-47-8
52093-21-7
23757-42-8
117414-74-1
66529-17-7
496-38-8
151159-23-8
80614-27-3
59467-70-8
35457-80-8
122173-74-4
94149-41-4
42794-76-3
120685-11-2
83461-56-7
83184-43-4
84371-65-3
76541-72-5
108147-54-2
72432-03-2
72599-27-0
11006-76-1
141725-10-2
76990-56-2
139886-32-1
393101-41-2
899796-83-9
59831-64-0
148564-47-0
24360-55-2
92623-85-3
137463-76-4
37065-29-5
78415-72-2
58066-85-6
75437-14-8
652990-07-3
3277-59-6
180694-97-7
129688-50-2
105051-87-4
25905-77-5
62571-87-3
70260-53-6
52157-83-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

41

MINEPENTATE
MINOCROMIL
MINOCYCLINE
MINODRONIC ACID
MINOLTEPARIN SODIUM
MINOPAFANT
MINOXIDIL
MINRETUMOMAB
MIOFLAZINE
MIPIMAZOLE
MIPITROBAN
MIPOMERSEN
MIPRAGOSIDE
MIPROXIFENE
MIRABEGRON
MIRFENTANIL
MIRIMOSTIM
MIRINCAMYCIN
MIRIPIRIUM CHLORIDE
MIRIPLATIN
MIRISETRON
MIRISTALKONIUM CHLORIDE
MIROCOCEPT
MIRODENAFIL
MIROPROFEN
MIROSAMICIN
MIROSTIPEN
MIRTAZAPINE
MISONIDAZOLE
MISOPROSTOL
MITEMCINAL
MITIGLINIDE
MITINDOMIDE
MITOBRONITOL
MITOCARCIN
MITOCLOMINE
MITOFLAXONE
MITOGILLIN
MITOGUAZONE
MITOLACTOL
MITOMALCIN
MITOMYCIN
MITONAFIDE
MITOPODOZIDE
MITOQUIDONE
MITOSPER
MITOTANE
MITOTENAMINE
MITOXANTRONE
MITOZOLOMIDE
MITRATAPID
MITUMOMAB
MIVACURIUM CHLORIDE
MIVAZEROL
MIVOBULIN
MIVOTILATE
MIXIDINE
MIZOLASTINE
MIZORIBINE
MOBECARB

13877-99-1
85118-44-1
10118-90-8
127657-42-5
9041-08-1
128420-61-1
38304-91-5
195189-17-4
79467-23-5
20406-60-4
136122-46-8
1000120-98-8
131129-98-1
129612-87-9
223673-61-8
117523-47-4
121547-04-4
31101-25-4
2748-88-1
141977-79-9
135905-89-4
139-08-2
507453-82-9
862189-95-5
55843-86-2
73684-69-2
244130-01-6
61337-67-5
13551-87-6
59122-46-2
154738-42-8
145375-43-5
10403-51-7
488-41-5
11056-14-7
17692-54-5
87626-55-9
1403-99-2
459-86-9
10318-26-0
11043-99-5
50-07-7
54824-17-8
1508-45-8
91753-07-0
11056-15-8
53-19-0
7696-00-6
65271-80-9
85622-95-3
179602-65-4
216503-58-1
106861-44-3
125472-02-8
122332-18-7
130112-42-4
27737-38-8
108612-45-9
50924-49-7
15518-84-0

MOBENAKIN
MOBENZOXAMINE
MOCIMYCIN
MOCIPRAZINE
MOCLOBEMIDE
MOCTAMIDE
MODAFINIL
MODALINE
MODECAINIDE
MODIPAFANT
MOEXIPRIL
MOEXIPRILAT
MOFAROTENE
MOFEBUTAZONE
MOFEGILINE
MOFEZOLAC
MOFLOVERINE
MOFOXIME
MOGUISTEINE
MOLFARNATE
MOLGRAMOSTIM
MOLINAZONE
MOLINDONE
MOLRACETAM
MOLSIDOMINE
MOMETASONE
MONALAZONE DISODIUM
MONATEPIL
MONENSIN
MONEPANTEL
MONOBENZONE
MONOETHANOLAMINE OLEATE
MONOMETACRINE
MONOPHOSPHOTHIAMINE
MONOXERUTIN
MONTELUKAST
MONTEPLASE
MONTIRELIN
MOPERONE
MOPIDAMOL
MOPIDRALAZINE
MOPROLOL
MOQUIZONE
MORACIZINE
MORANTEL
MORAZONE
MORCLOFONE
MORFOREX
MORINAMIDE
MORNIFLUMATE
MOROCROMEN
MOROCTOCOG ALFA
MOROLIMUMAB
MOROXYDINE
MORPHERIDINE
MORPHINE GLUCURONIDE
MORSUXIMIDE
MOSAPRAMINE
MOSAPRIDE
MOTAPIZONE

124146-64-1
65329-79-5
50935-71-2
56693-13-1
71320-77-9
29619-86-1
68693-11-8
2856-74-8
81329-71-7
122957-06-6
103775-10-6
103775-14-0
125533-88-2
2210-63-1
119386-96-8
78967-07-4
54063-50-2
29936-79-6
119637-67-1
83689-23-0
99283-10-0
5581-46-4
7416-34-4
94746-78-8
25717-80-0
105102-22-5
61477-95-0
132019-54-6
17090-79-8
887148-69-8
103-16-2
2272-11-9
4757-49-7
532-40-1
23869-24-1
158966-92-8
156616-23-8
90243-66-6
1050-79-9
13665-88-8
75841-82-6
5741-22-0
19395-58-5
31883-05-3
20574-50-9
6536-18-1
31848-01-8
41152-17-4
952-54-5
65847-85-0
35843-07-3
284036-24-4
202833-07-6
3731-59-7
469-81-8
20290-10-2
3780-72-1
89419-40-9
112885-41-3
90697-57-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

42
MOTAVIZUMAB
MOTESANIB
MOTEXAFIN
MOTRAZEPAM
MOTRETINIDE
MOVELTIPRIL
MOXADOLEN
MOXAPRINDINE
MOXASTINE
MOXAVERINE
MOXAZOCINE
MOXESTROL
MOXICOUMONE
MOXIDECTIN
MOXIFLOXACIN
MOXILUBANT
MOXIPRAQUINE
MOXIRAPRINE
MOXISYLYTE
MOXNIDAZOLE
MOXONIDINE
MOZAVAPTAN
MOZENAVIR
MUBRITINIB
MUPIROCIN
MUPLESTIM
MURABUTIDE
MURAGLITAZAR
MURELETECAN
MUROCAINIDE
MURODERMIN
MUROMONAB-CD3
MUZOLIMINE
MYCOPHENOLIC ACID
MYFADOL
MYRALACT
MYROPHINE
MYRTECAINE
NABAZENIL
NABILONE
NABITAN
NABOCTATE
NABUMETONE
NACARTOCIN
NACOLOMAB TAFENATOX
NADIDE
NADIFLOXACIN
NADOLOL
NADOXOLOL
NADROPARIN CALCIUM
NAFAGREL
NAFAMOSTAT
NAFARELIN
NAFAZATROM
NAFCAPROIC ACID
NAFCILLIN
NAFENODONE
NAFENOPIN
NAFETOLOL
NAFIMIDONE

677010-34-3
453562-69-1
189752-49-6
29442-58-8
56281-36-8
85856-54-8
75992-53-9
53076-26-9
3572-74-5
10539-19-2
58239-89-7
34816-55-2
17692-56-7
113507-06-5
151096-09-2
146978-48-5
23790-08-1
82239-52-9
54-32-0
52279-59-1
75438-57-2
137975-06-5
174391-92-5
366017-09-6
12650-69-0
148641-02-5
74817-61-1
331741-94-7
246527-99-1
66203-94-9
54017-73-1
140608-64-6
55294-15-0
24280-93-1
4575-34-2
15518-87-3
467-18-5
7712-50-7
58019-65-1
51022-71-0
66556-74-9
74912-19-9
42924-53-8
77727-10-7
150631-27-9
53-84-9
124858-35-1
42200-33-9
54063-51-3
37270-89-6
97901-21-8
81525-10-2
76932-56-4
59040-30-1
1085-91-2
147-52-4
92615-20-8
3771-19-5
42050-23-7
64212-22-2

NAFIVERINE
NAFLOCORT
NAFOMINE
NAFOXADOL
NAFOXIDINE
NAFTALOFOS
NAFTAZONE
NAFTIDROFURYL
NAFTIFINE
NAFTOPIDIL
NAFTOXATE
NAFTYPRAMIDE
NAGLIVAN
NAGRESTIPEN
NALBUPHINE
NALFURAFINE
NALIDIXIC ACID
NALMEFENE
NALMEXONE
NALORPHINE
NALOXONE
NALTREXONE
NAMINIDIL
NAMINTEROL
NAMIROTENE
NAMOXYRATE
NANAFROCIN
NANDROLONE
NANOFIN
NANTERINONE
NANTRADOL
NAPACTADINE
NAPAMEZOLE
NAPHAZOLINE
NAPHTHONONE
NAPIRIMUS
NAPITANE
NAPRODOXIME
NAPROXCINOD
NAPROXEN
NAPROXOL
NAPSAGATRAN
NAPTUMOMAB ESTAFENATOX
NARANOL
NARASIN
NARATRIPTAN
NARDETEROL
NAROPARCIL
NARTOGRASTIM
NASARUPLASE BETA
NASARUPLASE
NATALIZUMAB
NATAMYCIN
NATEGLINIDE
NATEPLASE
NAVEGLITAZAR
NAVURIDINE
NAXAGOLIDE
NAXAPROSTENE
NAXIFYLLINE

5061-22-3
59497-39-1
46263-35-8
84145-90-4
1845-11-0
1491-41-4
15687-37-3
31329-57-4
65472-88-0
57149-07-2
28820-28-2
1505-95-9
122575-28-4
166089-33-4
20594-83-6
152657-84-6
389-08-2
55096-26-9
16676-26-9
62-67-9
465-65-6
16590-41-3
220641-11-2
93047-40-6
101506-83-6
1234-71-5
52934-83-5
434-22-0
504-03-0
102791-47-9
65511-41-3
76631-45-3
91524-14-0
835-31-4
7114-11-6
70696-66-1
148152-63-0
57925-64-1
163133-43-5
22204-53-1
26159-36-4
154397-77-0
676258-98-3
22292-91-7
55134-13-9
121679-13-8
73865-18-6
120819-70-7
134088-74-7
136653-69-5
99821-44-0
189261-10-7
7681-93-8
105816-04-4
159445-63-3
476436-68-7
84472-85-5
88058-88-2
87269-59-8
166374-49-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

43

NEALBARBITAL
NEBACUMAB
NEBENTAN
NEBICAPONE
NEBIDRAZINE
NEBIVOLOL
NEBOGLAMINE (NEBOSTINEL)
NEBRACETAM
NEBRAMYCIN
NECOPIDEM
NEDAPLATIN
NEDOCROMIL
NEFAZODONE
NEFIRACETAM
NEFLUMOZIDE
NEFOPAM
NELDAZOSIN
NELEZAPRINE
NELFINAVIR
NELIVAPTAN
NELTENEXINE
NELZARABINE
NEMADECTIN
NEMAZOLINE
NEMIFITIDE
NEMONAPRIDE
NEMONOXACIN
NEMORUBICIN
NEOARSPHENAMINE
NEOCINCHOPHEN
NEOMYCIN
NEOSTIGMINE BROMIDE
NEPADUTANT
NEPAFENAC
NEPAPRAZOLE
NEPICASTAT
NEPIDERMIN
NEPINALONE
NEPTAMUSTINE
NEQUINATE
NERAMEXANE
NERAMINOL
NERATINIB
NERBACADOL
NERELIMOMAB
NERIDRONIC ACID
NERISOPAM
NERISPIRDINE
NERISPIRDINE
NESAPIDIL
NESBUVIR
NESIRITIDE
NESOSTEINE
NESTIFYLLINE
NETICONAZOLE
NETILMICIN
NETIVUDINE
NETOBIMIN
NETOGLITAZONE
NETUPITANT

561-83-1
138661-01-5
403604-85-3
274925-86-9
55248-23-2
99200-09-6
163000-63-3
116041-13-5
11048-13-8
103844-77-5
95734-82-0
69049-73-6
83366-66-9
77191-36-7
86636-93-3
13669-70-0
109713-79-3
69624-60-8
159989-64-7
439687-69-1
99453-84-6
121032-29-9
102130-84-7
130759-56-7
173240-15-8
93664-94-9
378746-64-6
108852-90-0
457-60-3
485-34-7
1404-04-2
114-80-7
183747-35-5
78281-72-8
156601-79-5
173997-05-2
62253-63-8
22443-11-4
73105-03-0
13997-19-8
219810-59-0
86140-10-5
698387-09-6
99803-72-2
162774-06-3
79778-41-9
102771-12-0
119229-65-1
119229-65-1
90326-85-5
691852-58-1
124584-08-3
84233-61-4
116763-36-1
130726-68-0
56391-56-1
84558-93-0
88255-01-0
161600-01-7
290297-26-6

NEUTRAL INSULIN INJECTION
NEUTRAMYCIN
NEVIRAPINE
NEXERIDINE
NEXOPAMIL
NIALAMIDE
NIAPRAZINE
NIBROXANE
NICAFENINE
NICAINOPROL
NICAMETATE
NICANARTINE
NICARAVEN
NICARDIPINE
NICERGOLINE
NICERITROL
NICEVERINE
NICLOFOLAN
NICLOSAMIDE
NICOBOXIL
NICOCLONATE
NICOCODINE
NICOCORTONIDE
NICODICODINE
NICOFIBRATE
NICOFURANOSE
NICOFURATE
NICOGRELATE
NICOMOL
NICOMORPHINE
NICOPHOLINE
NICORACETAM
NICORANDIL
NICOTHIAZONE
NICOTINAMIDE
NICOTINIC ACID
NICOTREDOLE
NICOXAMAT
NICTIAZEM
NICTINDOLE
NIDROXYZONE
NIFEDIPINE
NIFEKALANT
NIFENALOL
NIFENAZONE
NIFLUMIC ACID
NIFUNGIN
NIFURADENE
NIFURALDEZONE
NIFURALIDE
NIFURATEL
NIFURATRONE
NIFURDAZIL
NIFURETHAZONE
NIFURFOLINE
NIFURIMIDE
NIFURIZONE
NIFURMAZOLE
NIFURMERONE
NIFUROQUINE

9004-10-8
1404-08-6
129618-40-2
53716-48-6
136033-49-3
51-12-7
27367-90-4
53983-00-9
64039-88-9
76252-06-7
3099-52-3
150443-71-3
79455-30-4
55985-32-5
27848-84-6
5868-05-3
2545-24-6
10331-57-4
50-65-7
13912-80-6
10571-59-2
3688-66-2
65415-41-0
808-24-2
31980-29-7
15351-13-0
4397-91-5
80614-21-7
27959-26-8
639-48-5
492-85-3
128326-80-7
65141-46-0
555-90-8
98-92-0
59-67-6
29876-14-0
5657-61-4
95058-70-1
36504-64-0
405-22-1
21829-25-4
130636-43-0
7413-36-7
2139-47-1
4394-00-7
11056-16-9
555-84-0
3270-71-1
54657-96-4
4936-47-4
19561-70-7
5036-03-3
5580-25-6
3363-58-4
15179-96-1
26350-39-0
18857-59-5
5579-95-3
57474-29-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

44
NIFUROXAZIDE
NIFUROXIME
NIFURPIPONE
NIFURPIRINOL
NIFURPRAZINE
NIFURQUINAZOL
NIFURSEMIZONE
NIFURSOL
NIFURTHIAZOLE
NIFURTIMOX
NIFURTOINOL
NIFURVIDINE
NIFURZIDE
NIGULDIPINE
NIHYDRAZONE
NIKETHAMIDE
NILEPROST
NILESTRIOL
NILOTINIB
NILPRAZOLE
NILUDIPINE
NILUTAMIDE
NILVADIPINE
NIMAZONE
NIMESULIDE
NIMETAZEPAM
NIMIDANE
NIMODIPINE
NIMORAZOLE
NIMOTUZUMAB
NIMUSTINE
NIOMETACIN
NIPEROTIDINE
NIPRADILOL
NIPROFAZONE
NIRAVOLINE
NIRAXOSTAT
NIRIDAZOLE
NISBUTEROL
NISOBAMATE
NISOLDIPINE
NISOXETINE
NISTERIME
NITARSONE
NITAZOXANIDE
NITECAPONE
NITRACRINE
NITRAFUDAM
NITRAMISOLE
NITRAQUAZONE
NITRAZEPAM
NITREFAZOLE
NITRENDIPINE
NITRICHOLINE PERCHLORATE
NITROCLOFENE
NITROCYCLINE
NITRODAN
NITROFURAL
NITROFURANTOIN
NITROMIFENE

965-52-6
6236-05-1
24632-47-1
13411-16-0
1614-20-6
5055-20-9
5579-89-5
16915-70-1
3570-75-0
23256-30-6
1088-92-2
1900-13-6
39978-42-2
113165-32-5
67-28-7
59-26-7
71097-83-1
39791-20-3
641571-10-0
60662-19-3
22609-73-0
63612-50-0
75530-68-6
17230-89-6
51803-78-2
2011-67-8
50435-25-1
66085-59-4
6506-37-2
828933-51-3
42471-28-3
16426-83-8
84845-75-0
81486-22-8
15387-10-7
130610-93-4
206884-98-2
61-57-4
60734-87-4
25269-04-9
63675-72-9
53179-07-0
51354-32-6
98-72-6
55981-09-4
116313-94-1
4533-39-5
64743-09-5
6363-02-6
56739-21-0
146-22-5
21721-92-6
39562-70-4
7009-91-8
39224-48-1
5585-59-1
962-02-7
59-87-0
67-20-9
10448-84-7

NITROSCANATE
NITROSULFATHIAZOLE
NITROXINIL
NITROXOLINE
NIVACORTOL
NIVIMEDONE
NIXYLIC ACID
NIZATIDINE
NIZOFENONE
NOBERASTINE
NOCLOPROST
NOCODAZOLE
NOFECAINIDE
NOGALAMYCIN
NOLATREXED
NOLINIUM BROMIDE
NOLOMIROLE
NOLPITANTIUM BESILATE
NOMEGESTROL
NOMELIDINE
NOMIFENSINE
NONABINE
NONACOG ALFA
NONAPERONE
NONAPYRIMINE
NONATHYMULIN
NONIVAMIDE
NONOXINOL
NORACYMETHADOL
NORBOLETONE
NORBUDRINE
NORCLOSTEBOL
NORCODEINE
NORDAZEPAM
NORDINONE
NORELGESTROMIN
NOREPINEPHRINE
NORETHANDROLONE
NORETHISTERONE
NORETYNODREL
NOREXIMIDE
NORFENEFRINE
NORFLOXACIN
NORFLOXACIN SUCCINIL
NORGESTERONE
NORGESTIMATE
NORGESTOMET
NORGESTREL
NORGESTRIENONE
NORLETIMOL
NORLEUSACTIDE
NORLEVORPHANOL
NORMETHADONE
NORMORPHINE
NORPIPANONE
NORTETRAZEPAM
NORTOPIXANTRONE
NORTRIPTYLINE
NORVINISTERONE
NOSANTINE

19881-18-6
473-42-7
1689-89-0
4008-48-4
24358-76-7
49561-92-4
4394-05-2
76963-41-2
54533-85-6
110588-56-2
79360-43-3
31430-18-9
50516-43-3
1404-15-5
147149-76-6
40759-33-9
90060-42-7
155418-06-7
58691-88-6
60324-59-6
24526-64-5
16985-03-8
113478-33-4
15997-76-9
5626-36-8
63958-90-7
2444-46-4
9016-45-9
1477-39-0
797-58-0
15686-81-4
13583-21-6
467-15-2
1088-11-5
33122-60-0
53016-31-2
51-41-2
52-78-8
68-22-4
68-23-5
6319-06-8
536-21-0
70458-96-7
100587-52-8
13563-60-5
35189-28-7
25092-41-5
6533-00-2
848-21-5
886-08-8
17692-62-5
1531-12-0
467-85-6
466-97-7
561-48-8
10379-11-0
156090-17-4
72-69-5
6795-60-4
76600-30-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

45

NOSCAPINE
NOSIHEPTIDE
NOVOBIOCIN
NOXIPTILINE
NOXYTIOLIN
NUCLOMEDONE
NUCLOTIXENE
NUFENOXOLE
NUPAFANT
NUVENZEPINE
NYSTATIN
OBATOCLAX
OBERADILOL
OBIDOXIME CHLORIDE
OBINEPITIDE
OBINUTUZUMAB
OBLIMERSEN
OCAPERIDONE
OCFENTANIL
OCILTIDE
OCINAPLON
OCRASE
OCRELIZUMAB
OCRILATE
OCTABENZONE
OCTACAINE
OCTAFONIUM CHLORIDE
OCTAMOXIN
OCTAMYLAMINE
OCTANOIC ACID
OCTAPINOL
OCTASTINE
OCTATROPINE METHYLBROMIDE
OCTAVERINE
OCTAZAMIDE
OCTENIDINE
OCTIMIBATE
OCTOCOG ALFA
OCTOCRILENE
OCTODRINE
OCTOPAMINE
OCTOTIAMINE
OCTOXINOL
OCTREOTIDE
OCTRIPTYLINE
OCTRIZOLE
ODALPROFEN
ODANACATIB
ODAPIPAM
ODIPARCIL
ODULIMOMAB
OFATUMUMAB
OFLOXACIN
OFORNINE
OFTASCEINE
OGLEMILAST
OGLUFANIDE
OLAFLUR
OLAMUFLOXACIN
OLANEXIDINE

128-62-1
56377-79-8
303-81-1
3362-45-6
15599-39-0
75963-52-9
36471-39-3
57726-65-5
139133-27-0
96487-37-5
1400-61-9
803712-67-6
114856-44-9
114-90-9
348119-84-6
949142-50-1
190977-41-4
129029-23-8
101343-69-5
78410-57-8
96604-21-6
51899-01-5
637334-45-3
6701-17-3
1843-05-6
13912-77-1
15687-40-8
4684-87-1
502-59-0
124-07-2
71138-71-1
59767-12-3
80-50-2
549-68-8
56391-55-0
71251-02-0
89838-96-0
139076-62-3
6197-30-4
543-82-8
104-14-3
137-86-0
9002-93-1
83150-76-9
47166-67-6
3147-75-9
137460-88-9
603139-19-1
131796-63-9
137215-12-4
159445-64-4
679818-59-8
83380-47-6
87784-12-1
1461-15-0
778576-62-8
38101-59-6
6818-37-7
167887-97-0
146510-36-3

OLANZAPINE
OLAPARIB
OLAQUINDOX
OLCEGEPANT
OLEANDOMYCIN
OLESOXIME
OLETIMOL
OLIVOMYCIN
OLMESARTAN MEDOXOMIL (OLME-

SARTAN)
OLMESARTAN
OLMIDINE
OLOPATADINE
OLPADRONIC ACID
OLPIMEDONE
OLPRINONE
OLRADIPINE
OLSALAZINE
OLTIPRAZ
OLVANIL
OMACETAXINE MEPESUCCINATE
OMACICLOVIR
OMALIZUMAB
OMAPATRILAT
OMBRABULIN
OMEPRAZOLE
OMIDOLINE
OMIGANAN
OMIGAPIL
OMILOXETINE
OMOCIANINE
OMOCONAZOLE
OMONASTEINE
OMTRIPTOLIDE
ONAPRISTONE
ONDANSETRON
ONERCEPT
ONTAZOLAST
ONTIANIL
OPANIXIL
OPAVIRALINE
OPEBACAN
OPINIAZIDE
OPIPRAMOL
OPRATONIUM IODIDE
OPRELVEKIN
ORAZAMIDE
ORAZIPONE
ORBIFLOXACIN
ORBOFIBAN
ORBUTOPRIL
ORCIPRENALINE
ORCONAZOLE
OREGOVOMAB
ORESTRATE
ORGOTEIN
ORIENTIPARCIN
ORITAVANCIN
ORLISTAT
ORMAPLATIN

132539-06-1
763113-22-0
23696-28-8
204697-65-4
3922-90-5
22033-87-0
5879-67-4
11006-70-5

144689-63-4

144689-24-7
22693-65-8
113806-05-6
63132-39-8
39567-20-9
106730-54-5
115972-78-6
15722-48-2
64224-21-1
58493-49-5
26833-87-4
124265-89-0
242138-07-4
167305-00-2
181816-48-8
73590-58-6
21590-91-0
204248-78-2
181296-84-4
176894-09-0
154082-13-0
74512-12-2
60175-95-3
195883-06-8
96346-61-1
116002-70-1
199685-57-9
147432-77-7
35727-72-1
152939-42-9
178040-94-3
206254-79-7
2779-55-7
315-72-0
146919-78-0
145941-26-0
60104-30-5
137109-78-5
113617-63-3
163250-90-6
108391-88-4
586-06-1
66778-37-8
213327-37-8
13885-31-9
9016-01-7
159445-62-2
171099-57-3
96829-58-2
62816-98-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

46
ORMELOXIFENE
ORMETOPRIM
ORNIDAZOLE
ORNIPRESSIN
ORNITHINE
ORNOPROSTIL
OROTIC ACID
OROTIRELIN
ORPANOXIN
ORPHENADRINE
ORTATAXEL
ORTETAMINE
ORVEPITANT
OSALMID
OSANETANT
OSATERONE
OSELTAMIVIR
OSEMOZOTAN
OSMADIZONE
OSPEMIFENE
OSTREOGRYCIN
OSUTIDINE
OTAMIXABAN
OTELIXIZUMAB
OTENABANT
OTENZEPAD
OTERACIL
OTILONIUM BROMIDE
OTIMERATE SODIUM
OVEMOTIDE
OXABOLONE CIPIONATE
OXABREXINE
OXACEPROL
OXACILLIN
OXADIMEDINE
OXAFLOZANE
OXAFLUMAZINE
OXAGRELATE
OXALINAST
OXALIPLATIN
OXAMARIN
OXAMETACIN
OXAMISOLE
OXAMNIQUINE
OXANAMIDE
OXANDROLONE
OXANTEL
OXAPADOL
OXAPIUM IODIDE
OXAPROPANIUM IODIDE
OXAPROTILINE
OXAPROZIN
OXARBAZOLE
OXATOMIDE
OXAZAFONE
OXAZEPAM
OXAZIDIONE
OXAZOLAM
OXAZORONE
OXCARBAZEPINE

78994-24-8
6981-18-6
16773-42-5
3397-23-7
70-26-8
70667-26-4
65-86-1
62305-86-6
60653-25-0
83-98-7
186348-23-2
5580-32-5
579475-18-6
526-18-1
160492-56-8
105149-04-0
196618-13-0
137275-81-1
27450-21-1
128607-22-7
11006-76-1
140695-21-2
193153-04-7
881191-44-2
686344-29-6
100158-38-1
937-13-3
26095-59-0
16509-11-8
181477-91-8
1254-35-9
65415-42-1
33996-33-7
66-79-5
16485-05-5
26629-87-8
16498-21-8
56611-65-5
70009-66-4
61825-94-3
15301-80-1
27035-30-9
99258-56-7
21738-42-1
126-93-2
53-39-4
36531-26-7
56969-22-3
6577-41-9
541-66-2
56433-44-4
21256-18-8
35578-20-2
60607-34-3
70541-17-2
604-75-1
27591-42-0
24143-17-7
25392-50-1
28721-07-5

OXDRALAZINE
OXECLOSPORIN
OXEGLITAZAR
OXELADIN
OXENDOLONE
OXEPINAC
OXETACAINE
OXETACILLIN
OXETORONE
OXFENDAZOLE
OXFENICINE
OXIBENDAZOLE
OXIBETAINE
OXICONAZOLE
OXIDOPAMINE
OXIDRONIC ACID
OXIFENTOREX
OXIFUNGIN
OXIGLUTATIONE
OXILOFRINE
OXILORPHAN
OXIMONAM
OXINDANAC
OXINIACIC ACID
OXIPEROMIDE
OXIPURINOL
OXIRACETAM
OXIRAMIDE
OXISOPRED
OXISURAN
OXITEFONIUM BROMIDE
OXITRIPTAN
OXITRIPTYLINE
OXITROPIUM BROMIDE
OXMETIDINE
OXODIPINE
OXOGESTONE
OXOLAMINE
OXOLINIC ACID
OXOMEMAZINE
OXONAZINE
OXOPHENARSINE
OXOPROSTOL
OXPHENERIDINE
OXPRENOATE POTASSIUM
OXPRENOLOL
OXYBENZONE
OXYBUPROCAINE
OXYBUTYNIN
OXYCINCHOPHEN
OXYCLIPINE
OXYCLOZANIDE
OXYCODONE
OXYDIPENTONIUM CHLORIDE
OXYFEDRINE
OXYFENAMATE
OXYMESTERONE
OXYMETAZOLINE
OXYMETHOLONE
OXYMORPHONE

17259-75-5
135548-15-1
280585-34-4
468-61-1
33765-68-3
55689-65-1
126-27-2
53861-02-2
26020-55-3
53716-50-0
32462-30-9
20559-55-1
7002-65-5
64211-45-6
1199-18-4
15468-10-7
4075-88-1
64057-48-3
27025-41-8
365-26-4
42281-59-4
90898-90-1
68548-99-2
2398-81-4
5322-53-2
2465-59-0
62613-82-5
13958-40-2
18118-80-4
27302-90-5
17692-63-6
4350-09-8
29541-85-3
30286-75-0
72830-39-8
90729-41-2
3643-00-3
959-14-8
14698-29-4
3689-50-7
5580-22-3
306-12-7
69648-40-4
546-32-7
76676-34-1
6452-71-7
131-57-7
99-43-4
5633-20-5
485-89-2
4354-45-4
2277-92-1
76-42-6
7174-23-4
15687-41-9
50-19-1
145-12-0
1491-59-4
434-07-1
76-41-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

47

OXYPENDYL
OXYPERTINE
OXYPHENBUTAZONE
OXYPHENCYCLIMINE
OXYPHENISATINE
OXYPHENONIUM BROMIDE
OXYPYRRONIUM BROMIDE
OXYRIDAZINE
OXYSONIUM IODIDE
OXYTETRACYCLINE
OXYTOCIN
OZAGREL
OZARELIX
OZENOXACIN
OZOGAMICIN
OZOLINONE
PACLITAXEL POLIGLUMEX
PACLITAXEL CERIBATE
PACLITAXEL
PACRINOLOL
PACTIMIBE
PADELIPORFIN
PADIMATE
PADOPORFIN
PAFENOLOL
PAFURAMIDINE
PAGIBAXIMAB
PAGOCLONE
PALATRIGINE
PALDIMYCIN
PALIFERMIN
PALIFOSFAMIDE
PALINAVIR
PALIPERIDONE
PALIRODEN
PALIVIZUMAB
PALMIDROL
PALMOXIRIC ACID
PALONIDIPINE
PALONOSETRON
PALOSURAN
PALOVAROTENE
PAMAPIMOD
PAMAQUESIDE
PAMAQUINE
PAMATOLOL
PAMICOGREL
PAMIDRONIC ACID
PAMITEPLASE
PANADIPLON
PANAMESINE
PANCOPRIDE
PANCURONIUM BROMIDE
PANIDAZOLE
PANIPENEM
PANITUMUMAB
PANOBINOSTAT
PANOMIFENE
PANTENICATE
PANTHENOL

5585-93-3
153-87-7
129-20-4
125-53-1
125-13-3
50-10-2
561-43-3
14759-04-7
3569-58-2
79-57-2
50-56-6
82571-53-7
295350-45-7
245765-41-7
400046-53-9
56784-39-5
263351-82-2
186040-50-6
33069-62-4
65655-59-6
189198-30-9
759457-82-4
21245-01-2
274679-00-4
75949-61-0
186953-56-0
595566-61-3
133737-32-3
98410-36-7
94554-99-1
162394-19-6
31645-39-3
154612-39-2
144598-75-4
188396-77-2
188039-54-5
544-31-0
68170-97-8
96515-73-0
135729-56-5
540769-28-6
410528-02-8
449811-01-2
150332-35-7
635-05-2
59110-35-9
101001-34-7
40391-99-9
151912-42-4
124423-84-3
139225-22-2
121650-80-4
15500-66-0
13752-33-5
87726-17-8
339177-26-3
404950-80-7
77599-17-8
96922-80-4
16485-10-2

PANTOPRAZOLE
PANURAMINE
PAPAVEROLINE
PAQUINIMOD
PARAFLUTIZIDE
PARAMETHADIONE
PARAMETHASONE
PARAPENZOLATE BROMIDE
PARAPROPAMOL
PARAROSANILINE EMBONATE
PARATHIAZINE
PARATHYROID HORMONE
PARAXAZONE
PARBENDAZOLE
PARCETASAL
PARCONAZOLE
PARDOPRUNOX
PARECOXIB
PAREPTIDE
PARETHOXYCAINE
PARGEVERINE
PARGOLOL
PARGYLINE
PARICALCITOL
PARIDOCAINE
PARNAPARIN SODIUM
PARODILOL
PAROGRELIL
PAROMOMYCIN
PAROXETINE
PAROXYPROPIONE
PARSALMIDE
PARTRICIN
PARVAQUONE
PASCOLIZUMAB
PASINIAZID
PASIREOTIDE
PATAMOSTAT
PATUPILONE
PAULOMYCIN
PAXAMATE
PAZELLIPTINE
PAZINACLONE
PAZOPANIB
PAZOXIDE
PAZUFLOXACIN
PECAZINE
PECILOCIN
PECOCYCLINE
PEFLOXACIN
PEFORELIN
PEGACARISTIM
PEGALDESLEUKIN
PEGAMOTECAN
PEGAPTANIB
PEGASPARGASE
PEGFILGRASTIM
PEGINTERFERON ALFA-2A
PEGINTERFERON ALFA-2B
PEGLOTICASE

102625-70-7
80349-58-2
574-77-6
248282-01-1
1580-83-2
115-67-3
53-33-8
5634-41-3
1693-37-4
7232-51-1
84-08-2
345663-45-8
26513-79-1
14255-87-9
87549-36-8
61400-59-7
269718-84-5
198470-84-7
61484-38-6
94-23-5
13479-13-5
47082-97-3
555-57-7
131918-61-1
7162-37-0
9041-08-7
103238-56-8
139145-27-0
7542-37-2
61869-08-7
70-70-2
30653-83-9
11096-49-4
4042-30-2
331243-22-2
2066-89-9
396091-73-9
114568-26-2
152044-54-7
59794-18-2
5579-05-5
65222-35-7
103255-66-9
444731-52-6
21132-59-2
127045-41-4
60-89-9
19504-77-9
15301-82-3
70458-92-3
147859-97-0
187139-68-0
75345-27-6
203066-49-3

130167-69-0
208265-92-3
198153-51-4
215647-85-1
885051-90-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

48
PEGMUSIRUDIN
PEGNARTOGRASTIM
PEGORGOTEIN
PEGSUNERCEPT
PEGVISOMANT
PELANSERIN
PELDESINE
PELIGLITAZAR
PELIOMYCIN
PELITINIB
PELITREXOL
PELRETIN
PELRINONE
PELUBIPROFEN
PEMAGLITAZAR
PEMEDOLAC
PEMERID
PEMETREXED
PEMIROLAST
PEMOLINE
PEMPIDINE
PENAMECILLIN
PENBUTOLOL
PENCICLOVIR
PENDECAMAINE
PENFLURIDOL
PENFLUTIZIDE
PENGITOXIN
PENICILLAMINE
PENICILLINASE
PENIMEPICYCLINE
PENIMOCYCLINE
PENIROLOL
PENMESTEROL
PENOCTONIUM BROMIDE
PENPROSTENE
PENTABAMATE
PENTACYNIUM CHLORIDE
PENTAERITHRITYL TETRANITRATE
PENTAFLURANOL
PENTAGASTRIN
PENTAGESTRONE
PENTALAMIDE
PENTAMETHONIUM BROMIDE
PENTAMIDINE
PENTAMORPHONE
PENTAMOXANE
PENTAPIPERIDE
PENTAPIPERIUM METILSULFATE
PENTAQUINE
PENTAZOCINE
PENTETIC ACID
PENTETRAZOL
PENTETREOTIDE
PENTHRICHLORAL
PENTIAPINE
PENTIFYLLINE
PENTIGETIDE
PENTISOMICIN
PENTISOMIDE

186638-10-8
204565-76-4
155773-57-2
330988-75-5
218620-50-9
2208-51-7
133432-71-0
331744-64-0
1404-20-2
257933-82-7
446022-33-9
91587-01-8
94386-65-9
69956-77-0
496050-39-6
114716-16-4
50432-78-5
137281-23-3
69372-19-6
2152-34-3
79-55-0
983-85-7
38363-40-5
39809-25-1
32954-43-1
26864-56-2
1766-91-2
7242-04-8
52-67-5
9001-74-5
4599-60-4
16259-34-0
58503-83-6
67-81-2
17088-72-1
61557-12-8
5667-70-9
77-12-3
78-11-5
65634-39-1
5534-95-2
7001-56-1
5579-06-6
541-20-8
100-33-4
68616-83-1
4730-07-8
7009-54-3
7681-80-3
86-78-2
359-83-1
67-43-6
54-95-5
138661-02-6
5684-90-2
81382-51-6
1028-33-7
62087-72-3
55870-64-9
96513-83-6

PENTIZIDONE
PENTOBARBITAL
PENTOLONIUM TARTRATE
PENTOMONE
PENTOPRIL
PENTOREX
PENTOSAN POLYSULFATE SODIUM
PENTOSTATIN
PENTOXIFYLLINE
PENTOXYVERINE
PENTRINITROL
PEPLOMYCIN
PEPSTATIN
PERACLOPONE
PERADOXIME
PERAFENSINE
PERALOPRIDE
PERAMIVIR
PERAMPANEL
PERAQUINSIN
PERASTINE
PERATIZOLE
PERBUFYLLINE
PERETINOIN
PERFLEXANE
PERFLISOBUTANE
PERFLUAMINE
PERFLUBRODEC
PERFLUBRON
PERFLUBUTANE
PERFLUNAFENE
PERFLUTREN
PERFOMEDIL
PERFOSFAMIDE
PERGOLIDE
PERHEXILINE
PERICIAZINE
PERIFOSINE
PERIMETAZINE
PERINDOPRIL
PERINDOPRILAT
PERISOXAL
PERLAPINE
PERMETHRIN
PEROSPIRONE
PERPHENAZINE
PERSILIC ACID
PERTUZUMAB
PERZINFOTEL
PETHIDINE
PETRICHLORAL
PEXACERFONT
PEXANTEL
PEXELIZUMAB
PEXIGANAN
PHANQUINONE
PHENACAINE
PHENACEMIDE
PHENACETIN
PHENACTROPINIUM CHLORIDE

55694-83-2
76-74-4
52-62-0
67102-87-8
82924-03-6
434-43-5
140207-93-8
53910-25-1
6493-05-6
77-23-6
1607-17-6
68247-85-8
26305-03-3
96164-19-1
67254-81-3
72444-62-3
57083-89-3
229614-55-5
380917-97-5
35265-50-0
4960-10-5
29952-13-4
110390-84-6
81485-25-8
355-42-0
354-92-7
338-83-0
307-43-7
423-55-2
355-25-9
306-94-5
76-19-7
92268-40-1
62435-42-1
66104-22-1
6621-47-2
2622-26-6
157716-52-4
13093-88-4
82834-16-0
95153-31-4
2055-44-9
1977-11-3
52645-53-1
150915-41-6
58-39-9
4444-23-9
380610-27-5
144912-63-0
57-42-1
78-12-6
459856-18-9
10001-13-5
219685-93-5
172820-23-4
84-12-8
101-93-9
63-98-9
62-44-2
3784-89-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

49

PHENADOXONE
PHENAGLYCODOL
PHENAMAZOLINE
PHENAMPROMIDE
PHENARSONE SULFOXYLATE
PHENAZOCINE
PHENAZONE
PHENAZOPYRIDINE
PHENCYCLIDINE
PHENDIMETRAZINE
PHENELZINE
PHENERIDINE
PHENETICILLIN
PHENETURIDE
PHENFORMIN
PHENGLUTARIMIDE
PHENICARBAZIDE
PHENINDAMINE
PHENINDIONE
PHENIODOL SODIUM
PHENIPRAZINE
PHENIRAMINE
PHENMETRAZINE
PHENOBARBITAL SODIUM
PHENOBARBITAL
PHENOBUTIODIL
PHENOLPHTHALEIN
PHENOMORPHAN
PHENOPERIDINE
PHENOTHIAZINE
PHENOTHRIN
PHENOXYBENZAMINE
PHENOXYMETHYLPENICILLIN
PHENPROBAMATE
PHENPROCOUMON
PHENPROMETHAMINE
PHENSUXIMIDE
PHENTERMINE
PHENTOLAMINE
PHENYLALANINE
PHENYLBUTAZONE
PHENYLEPHRINE
PHENYLMERCURIC BORATE
PHENYLPROPANOLAMINE
PHENYLTOLOXAMINE
PHENYRACILLIN
PHENYTHILONE
PHENYTOIN
PHETHARBITAL
PHOLCODINE
PHOLEDRINE
PHOXIM
PHTHALYLSULFAMETHIZOLE
PHTHALYLSULFATHIAZOLE
PHYTOMENADIONE
PHYTONADIOL SODIUM DIPHOS-

PHATE
PIBAXIZINE
PIBECARB
PIBERALINE

467-84-5
79-93-6
501-62-2
129-83-9
535-51-3
127-35-5
60-80-0
94-78-0
77-10-1
634-03-7
51-71-8
469-80-7
147-55-7
90-49-3
114-86-3
1156-05-4
103-03-7
82-88-2
83-12-5
7009-60-1
55-52-7
86-21-5
134-49-6
57-30-7
50-06-6
554-24-5
77-09-8
468-07-5
562-26-5
92-84-2
26002-80-2
59-96-1
87-08-1
673-31-4
435-97-2
93-88-9
86-34-0
122-09-8
50-60-2
63-91-2
50-33-9
59-42-7
8017-88-7
14838-15-4
92-12-6
7009-88-3
115-55-9
57-41-0
357-67-5
509-67-1
370-14-9
14816-18-3
485-24-5
85-73-4
84-80-0

5988-22-7

82227-39-2
2522-81-8
39640-15-8

PIBOSEROD
PIBROZELESIN
PIBUTIDINE
PICAFIBRATE
PICARTAMIDE
PICENADOL
PICILOREX
PICLAMILAST
PICLONIDINE
PICLOPASTINE
PICLOXYDINE
PICLOZOTAN
PICOBENZIDE
PICODRALAZINE
PICOLAMINE
PICONOL
PICOPERINE
PICOPLATIN
PICOPRAZOLE
PICOTRIN
PICUMAST
PICUMETEROL
PIDOBENZONE
PIDOLACETAMOL
PIDOLIC ACID
PIDOTIMOD
PIFARNINE
PIFENATE
PIFEXOLE
PIFLUTIXOL
PIFONAKIN
PIFOXIME
PIKETOPROFEN
PILDRALAZINE
PILSICAINIDE
PIMAVANSERIN
PIMECLONE
PIMECROLIMUS
PIMEFYLLINE
PIMELAUTIDE
PIMETACIN
PIMETHIXENE
PIMETINE
PIMETREMIDE
PIMILPROST
PIMINODINE
PIMOBENDAN
PIMONIDAZOLE
PIMOZIDE
PINACIDIL
PINADOLINE
PINAFIDE
PINAVERIUM BROMIDE
PINAZEPAM
PINCAINIDE
PINDOLOL
PINOKALANT
PINOLCAINE
PINOXEPIN
PIOGLITAZONE

152811-62-6
154889-68-6
103922-33-4
57548-79-5
76732-75-7
79201-85-7
62510-56-9
144035-83-6
72467-44-8
55837-13-3
5636-92-0
182415-09-4
51832-87-2
17692-43-2
3731-52-0
586-98-1
21755-66-8
181630-15-9
78090-11-6
64063-57-6
39577-19-0
130641-36-0
138506-45-3
114485-92-6
98-79-3
121808-62-6
56208-01-6
15686-87-0
27199-40-2
54341-02-5
112721-39-8
31224-92-7
60576-13-8
64000-73-3
88069-67-4
706779-91-1
534-84-9
137071-32-0
10001-43-1
78512-63-7
79992-71-5
314-03-4
3565-03-5
578-89-2
139403-31-9
13495-09-5
74150-27-9
70132-50-2
2062-78-4
60560-33-0
38955-22-5
54824-20-3
53251-94-8
52463-83-9
83471-41-4
13523-86-9
149759-26-2
28240-18-8
14008-66-3
111025-46-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

50
PIPACYCLINE
PIPAMAZINE
PIPAMPERONE
PIPAZETATE
PIPEBUZONE
PIPECURONIUM BROMIDE
PIPEMIDIC ACID
PIPENDOXIFENE
PIPENZOLATE BROMIDE
PIPEQUALINE
PIPERACETAZINE
PIPERACILLIN
PIPERAMIDE
PIPERAZINE CALCIUM EDETATE
PIPERIDOLATE
PIPEROCAINE
PIPEROXAN
PIPERYLONE
PIPETHANATE
PIPOBROMAN
PIPOCTANONE
PIPOFEZINE
PIPOSULFAN
PIPOTIAZINE
PIPOXIZINE
PIPOXOLAN
PIPRADIMADOL
PIPRADROL
PIPRAMADOL
PIPRATECOL
PIPRINHYDRINATE
PIPROCURARIUM IODIDE
PIPROFUROL
PIPROZOLIN
PIQUINDONE
PIQUIZIL
PIRACETAM
PIRAGLIATIN
PIRANDAMINE
PIRARUBICIN
PIRAXELATE
PIRAZMONAM
PIRAZOFURIN
PIRAZOLAC
PIRBENICILLIN
PIRBUTEROL
PIRDONIUM BROMIDE
PIRENOXINE
PIRENPERONE
PIRENZEPINE
PIREPOLOL
PIRETANIDE
PIRFENIDONE
PIRIBEDIL
PIRIDICILLIN
PIRIDOCAINE
PIRIDOXILATE
PIRIDRONIC ACID
PIRIFIBRATE
PIRINIDAZOLE

1110-80-1
84-04-8
1893-33-0
2167-85-3
27315-91-9
52212-02-9
51940-44-4
198480-55-6
125-51-9
77472-98-1
3819-00-9
61477-96-1
299-48-9
12002-30-1
82-98-4
136-82-3
59-39-2
2531-04-6
4546-39-8
54-91-1
18841-58-2
24886-52-0
2608-24-4
39860-99-6
55837-21-3
23744-24-3
68797-29-5
467-60-7
55313-67-2
15534-05-1
606-90-6
3562-55-8
40680-87-3
17243-64-0
78541-97-6
21560-58-7
7491-74-9
625114-41-2
42408-79-7
72496-41-4
82209-39-0
108319-07-9
30868-30-5
71002-09-0
55975-92-3
38677-81-5
35620-67-8
1043-21-6
75444-65-4
28797-61-7
69479-26-1
55837-27-9
53179-13-8
3605-01-4
69414-41-1
87-21-8
24340-35-0
75755-07-6
55285-45-5
55432-15-0

PIRINIXIC ACID
PIRINIXIL
PIRIPROST
PIRIQUALONE
PIRISUDANOL
PIRITRAMIDE
PIRITREXIM
PIRLIMYCIN
PIRLINDOLE
PIRMAGREL
PIRMENOL
PIRNABIN
PIROCTONE
PIRODAVIR
PIRODOMAST
PIROGLIRIDE
PIROHEPTINE
PIROLATE
PIROLAZAMIDE
PIROMIDIC ACID
PIROXANTRONE
PIROXICAM
PIROXICILLIN
PIROXIMONE
PIROZADIL
PIRPROFEN
PIRQUINOZOL
PIRRALKONIUM BROMIDE
PIRSIDOMINE
PIRTENIDINE
PITAVASTATIN (ITAVASTATIN)
PITENODIL
PITOFENONE
PITOLISANT
PITRAKINRA
PITUXATE
PIVAGABINE
PIVAMPICILLIN
PIVENFRINE
PIVMECILLINAM
PIVOPRIL
PIVOXAZEPAM
PIXANTRONE
PIZOTIFEN
PLAFIBRIDE
PLAUNOTOL
PLAURACIN
PLECONARIL
PLERIXAFOR
PLEUROMULIN
PLEVITREXED
PLICAMYCIN
PLITIDEPSIN
PLOMESTANE
PLUSONERMIN
POBILUKAST
PODILFEN
POLACRILIN
POLAPREZINC
POLDINE METILSULFATE

50892-23-4
65089-17-0
79672-88-1
1897-89-8
33605-94-6
302-41-0
72732-56-0
79548-73-5
60762-57-4
85691-74-3
68252-19-7
68298-00-0
50650-76-5
124436-59-5
108310-20-9
62625-18-7
16378-21-5
55149-05-8
39186-49-7
19562-30-2
91441-23-5
36322-90-4
82509-56-6
84490-12-0
54110-25-7
31793-07-4
65950-99-4
17243-65-1
132722-74-8
103923-27-9
147511-69-1
59840-71-0
54063-52-4
362665-56-3
1017276-51-5
39123-11-0
69542-93-4
33817-20-8
67577-23-5
32886-97-8
81045-50-3
55299-10-0
144510-96-3
15574-96-6
63394-05-8
64218-02-6
62107-94-2
153168-05-9
110078-46-1
125-65-5
153537-73-6
18378-89-7
137219-37-5
77016-85-4

107023-41-6
13409-53-5
54182-62-6
107667-60-7
545-80-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

51

POLICRESULEN
POLIDEXIDE SULFATE
POLIDRONIUM CHLORIDE
POLIFEPROSAN
POLIGEENAN
POLIGLECAPRONE
POLIGLUSAM
POLIHEXANIDE
POLISAPONIN
POLIXETONIUM CHLORIDE
POLOXALENE
POLOXAMER
POLYBENZARSOL
POLYCARBOPHIL
POLYESTRADIOL PHOSPHATE
POLYETADENE
POLYGELINE
POLYGLYCOLIC ACID
POLYMYXIN B
POLYNOXYLIN
POLYSORBATE
POLYSORBATE 1
POLYSORBATE 120
POLYSORBATE 20
POLYSORBATE 21
POLYSORBATE 40
POLYSORBATE 60
POLYSORBATE 61
POLYSORBATE 65
POLYSORBATE 8
POLYSORBATE 80
POLYSORBATE 81
POLYSORBATE 85
POLYTHIAZIDE
POMALIDOMIDE
POMISARTAN
PONALRESTAT
PONAZURIL
PONFIBRATE
PORFIMER SODIUM
PORFIROMYCIN
POSACONAZOLE
POSARAPROST
POSATIRELIN
POSIZOLID
POSKINE
POTASSIUM NITRAZEPATE
POTASSIUM CANRENOATE
POTASSIUM GLUCALDRATE
POVIDONE
PRACTOLOL
PRADEFOVIR
PRADOFLOXACIN
PRAJMALIUM BITARTRATE
PRALATREXATE
PRALIDOXIME IODIDE
PRALMORELIN
PRALNACASAN
PRAMICONAZOLE
PRAMIPEXOLE

101418-00-2
56227-39-5
75345-27-6
90409-78-2
53973-98-1
41706-81-4
9012-76-4
32289-58-0
8063-80-7
31512-74-0
9003-11-6
9003-11-6
54531-52-1
9003-97-8
28014-46-2
9003-23-0
9015-56-9
26009-03-0
1404-26-8
9011-05-6

9017-37-2
1543262-61-5
9005-64-5
9005-64-5
9005-66-7
9005-67-8
9005-67-8
9005-71-4
9009-51-2
9005-65-6
9005-65-6
9005-70-3
346-18-9
19171-19-8
144702-17-0
72702-95-5
69004-04-2
53341-49-4
87806-31-3
801-52-5
171228-49-2
172740-14-6
78664-73-0
252260-02-9
585-14-8
5571-84-6
2181-04-6
1317-30-2
9003-39-8
6673-35-4
625095-60-5
195532-12-8
2589-47-1
146464-95-1
94-63-3
158861-67-7
192755-52-5
219923-85-0
104632-26-0

PRAMIRACETAM
PRAMIVERINE
PRAMLINTIDE
PRAMOCAINE
PRAMPINE
PRANAZEPIDE
PRANIDIPINE
PRANLUKAST
PRANOLIUM CHLORIDE
PRANOPROFEN
PRANOSAL
PRASTERONE
PRASUGREL
PRATOSARTAN
PRAVADOLINE
PRAVASTATIN
PRAXADINE
PRAZARELIX
PRAZEPAM
PRAZEPINE
PRAZIQUANTEL
PRAZITONE
PRAZOCILLIN
PRAZOSIN
PRECLAMOL
PREDNAZATE
PREDNAZOLINE
PREDNICARBATE
PREDNIMUSTINE
PREDNISOLAMATE
PREDNISOLONE
PREDNISOLONE STEAGLATE
PREDNISONE
PREDNYLIDENE
PREFENAMATE
PREGABALIN
PREGNENOLONE
PRELADENANT
PREMAFLOXACIN
PREMAZEPAM
PRENALTEROL
PRENISTEINE
PRENOVERINE
PRENOXDIAZINE
PRENYLAMINE
PRETAMAZIUM IODIDE
PRETIADIL
PREZATIDE COPPER ACETATE
PRIBECAINE
PRIDEFINE
PRIDEPERONE
PRIDINOL
PRIFELONE
PRIFINIUM BROMIDE
PRIFUROLINE
PRILIXIMAB
PRILOCAINE
PRIMAPERONE
PRIMAQUINE
PRIMIDOLOL

68497-62-1
14334-40-8
151126-32-8
140-65-8
7009-65-6
150408-73-4
99522-79-9
103177-37-3
42879-47-0
52549-17-4
17716-89-1
53-43-0
150322-43-3
153804-05-8
92623-83-1
81093-37-0
4023-00-1
134457-28-6
2955-38-6
73-07-4
55268-74-1
2409-26-9
15949-72-1
19216-56-9
85966-89-8
5714-75-0
6693-90-9
73771-04-7
29069-24-7
5626-34-6
50-24-8
5060-55-9
53-03-2
599-33-7
57775-28-7
148553-50-8
145-13-1
377727-87-2
143383-65-7
57435-86-6
57526-81-5
5287-46-7
65236-29-5
47543-65-7
390-64-7
24840-59-3
30840-27-8
130120-57-9
55837-22-4
5370-41-2
95374-52-0
511-45-5
69425-13-4
4630-95-9
70833-07-7
147191-91-1
721-50-6
1219-35-8
90-34-6
67227-55-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

52
PRIMIDONE
PRIMYCIN
PRINABEREL
PRINOMASTAT
PRINOMIDE
PRINOXODAN
PRISOTINOL
PRISTINAMYCIN
PRITUMUMAB
PRIZIDILOL
PROADIFEN
PROBARBITAL SODIUM
PROBENECID
PROBUCOL
PROCAINAMIDE
PROCAINE
PROCARBAZINE
PROCATEROL
PROCHLORPERAZINE
PROCINOLOL
PROCINONIDE
PROCLONOL
PROCODAZOLE
PROCYCLIDINE
PROCYMATE
PRODECONIUM BROMIDE
PRODILIDINE
PRODIPINE
PRODOLIC ACID
PROFADOL
PROFENAMINE
PROFEXALONE
PROFLAVINE
PROFLAZEPAM
PROGABIDE
PROGESTERONE
PROGLUMETACIN
PROGLUMIDE
PROGUANIL
PROHEPTAZINE
PROLIGESTONE
PROLINE
PROLINTANE
PROLONIUM IODIDE
PROMAZINE
PROMEGESTONE
PROMELASE
PROMESTRIENE
PROMETHAZINE TEOCLATE
PROMETHAZINE
PROMOLATE
PROMOXOLANE
PRONETALOL
PROPACETAMOL
PROPAFENONE
PROPAGERMANIUM
PROPAMIDINE
PROPANIDID
PROPANOCAINE
PROPANTHELINE BROMIDE

125-33-7
47917-41-9
524684-52-4
192329-42-3
77639-66-8
111786-07-3
78997-40-7
11006-76-1
499212-74-7
59010-44-5
302-33-0
143-82-8
57-66-9
23288-49-5
51-06-9
59-46-1
671-16-9
72332-33-3
58-38-8
27325-36-6
58497-00-0
14088-71-2
23249-97-0
77-37-2
13931-64-1
3690-61-7
3734-17-6
31314-38-2
36505-82-5
428-37-5
522-00-9
34740-13-1
92-62-6
52829-30-8
62666-20-0
57-83-0
57132-53-3
6620-60-6
500-92-5
77-14-5
23873-85-0
147-85-3
493-92-5
123-47-7
58-40-2
34184-77-5
9074-07-1
39219-28-8
17693-51-5
60-87-7
3615-74-5
470-43-9
54-80-8
66532-85-2
54063-53-5
12758-40-6
104-32-5
1421-14-3
493-76-5
50-34-0

PROPATYLNITRATE
PROPAZOLAMIDE
PROPENIDAZOLE
PROPENTOFYLLINE
PROPERIDINE
PROPETAMIDE
PROPETANDROL
PROPICILLIN
PROPIKACIN
PROPINETIDINE
PROPIOLACTONE
PROPIOMAZINE
PROPIPOCAINE
PROPIRAM
PROPISERGIDE
PROPIVERINE
PROPIZEPINE
PROPOFOL
PROPOXATE
PROPOXYCAINE
PROPRANOLOL
PROPYL DOCETRIZOATE
PROPYLHEXEDRINE
PROPYLIODONE
PROPYLTHIOURACIL
PROPYPERONE
PROPYPHENAZONE
PROPYROMAZINE BROMIDE
PROQUAZONE
PROQUINOLATE
PRORENOATE POTASSIUM
PROROXAN
PROSCILLARIDIN
PROSPIDIUM CHLORIDE
PROSTALENE
PROSULPRIDE
PROSULTIAMINE
PROTAMINE ZINC INSULIN INJEC-

TION

PROTAMINE SULFATE
PROTERGURIDE
PROTHEOBROMINE
PROTHIPENDYL
PROTHIXENE
PROTIOFATE
PROTIONAMIDE
PROTIRELIN
PROTIZINIC ACID
PROTOKYLOL
PROTRIPTYLINE
PROXAZOLE
PROXIBARBAL
PROXIBUTENE
PROXICROMIL
PROXIFEZONE
PROXORPHAN
PROXYMETACAINE
PROXYPHYLLINE
PROZAPINE
PRUCALOPRIDE

2921-92-8
98-75-9
76448-31-2
55242-55-2
561-76-2
730-07-4
3638-82-2
551-27-9
66887-96-5
3811-53-8
57-57-8
362-29-8
3670-68-6
15686-91-6
5793-04-4
60569-19-9
10321-12-7
2078-54-8
7036-58-0
86-43-1
525-66-6
5579-08-8
3595-11-7
587-61-1
51-52-5
3781-28-0
479-92-5
145-54-0
22760-18-5
1698-95-9
49847-97-4
33743-96-3
466-06-8
23476-83-7
54120-61-5
68556-59-2
59-58-5

9004-17-5

9009-65-8
77650-95-4
50-39-5
303-69-5
2622-24-4
58416-00-5
14222-60-7
24305-27-9
13799-03-6
136-70-9
438-60-8
5696-09-3
2537-29-3
14089-84-0
60400-92-2
34427-79-7
69815-38-9
499-67-2
603-00-9
3426-08-2
179474-81-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

53

PRULIFLOXACIN
PRUVANSERIN
PSEUDOEPHEDRINE
PSILOCYBINE
PUMAFENTRINE
PUMAPRAZOLE
PUMITEPA
PUMOSETRAG
PUROMYCIN
PYRANTEL
PYRAZINAMIDE
PYRICARBATE
PYRIDARONE
PYRIDOFYLLINE
PYRIDOSTIGMINE BROMIDE
PYRIDOXINE
PYRIMETHAMINE
PYRIMITATE
PYRINOLINE
PYRITHIONE ZINC
PYRITHYLDIONE
PYRITIDIUM BROMIDE
PYRITINOL
PYRONARIDINE
PYROPHENDANE
PYROVALERONE
PYROXAMINE
PYRROCAINE
PYRROLIFENE
PYRROLNITRIN
PYRVINIUM CHLORIDE
PYTAMINE
QUADAZOCINE
QUADROSILAN
QUARFLOXIN
QUATACAINE
QUAZEPAM
QUAZINONE
QUAZODINE
QUAZOLAST
QUETIAPINE
QUIFENADINE
QUIFLAPON
QUILLIFOLINE
QUILOSTIGMINE
QUINACAINOL
QUINACILLIN
QUINAGOLIDE
QUINALDINE BLUE
QUINAPRIL
QUINAPRILAT
QUINAZOSIN
QUINBOLONE
QUINCARBATE
QUINDECAMINE
QUINDONIUM BROMIDE
QUINDOXIN
QUINELORANE
QUINESTRADOL
QUINESTROL

123447-62-1
443144-26-1
90-82-4
520-52-5
207993-12-2
158364-59-1
42061-52-9
153062-94-3
53-79-2
15686-83-6
98-96-4
1882-26-4
7035-04-3
53403-97-7
101-26-8
65-23-6
58-14-0
5221-49-8
1740-22-3
13463-41-7
77-04-3
14222-46-9
1098-97-1
74847-35-1
7009-69-0
3563-49-3
7009-68-9
2210-77-7
15686-97-2
1018-71-9
548-84-5
15301-88-9
71276-43-2
33204-76-1
865311-47-3
17692-45-4
36735-22-5
70018-51-8
4015-32-1
86048-40-0
111974-69-7
10447-39-9
136668-42-3
15301-89-0
139314-01-5
86024-64-8
1596-63-0
87056-78-8
2768-90-3
85441-61-8
85441-60-7
15793-38-1
2487-63-0
54340-59-9
19056-26-9
130-81-4
2423-66-7
97466-90-5
1169-79-5
152-43-2

QUINETALATE
QUINETHAZONE
QUINEZAMIDE
QUINFAMIDE
QUINGESTANOL
QUINGESTRONE
QUINISOCAINE
QUINOCIDE
QUINOTOLAST
QUINPIROLE
QUINPRENALINE
QUINTIOFOS
QUINUCLIUM BROMIDE
QUINUPRAMINE
QUINUPRISTIN
QUIPAZINE
QUISULTAZINE
RABEPRAZOLE
RABEXIMOD
RACECADOTRIL
RACEFEMINE
RACEFENICOL
RACEMENTHOL
RACEMETHORPHAN
RACEMETIROSINE
RACEMORAMIDE
RACEMORPHAN
RACEPHEDRINE
RACEPINEFRINE
RACLOPRIDE
RACTOPAMINE
RADAFAXINE
RADEQUINIL (RESEQUINIL)
RADEZOLID
RADIPRODIL
RADOTERMIN
RAFABEGRON
RAFIVIRUMAB
RAFOXANIDE
RAGAGLITAZAR
RALFINAMIDE
RALITOLINE
RALOXIFENE
RALTEGRAVIR
RALTITREXED
RAMATROBAN
RAMCICLANE
RAMELTEON
RAMIFENAZONE
RAMIPRIL
RAMIPRILAT
RAMIXOTIDINE
RAMNODIGIN
RAMOPLANIN
RAMORELIX
RAMOSETRON
RANELIC ACID
RANIBIZUMAB
RANIMUSTINE
RANIMYCIN

5714-76-1
73-49-4
77197-48-9
62265-68-3
10592-65-1
67-95-8
86-80-6
525-61-1
101193-40-2
85760-74-3
13757-97-6
1776-83-6
64755-06-2
31721-17-2
120138-50-3
4774-24-7
64099-44-1
117976-89-3
872178-65-9
81110-73-8
22232-57-1
847-25-6
15356-70-4
510-53-2
620-30-4
545-59-5
297-90-5
90-81-3
329-65-7
84225-95-6
97825-25-7
192374-14-4
219846-31-8
869884-78-6
496054-87-6
575458-75-2
244081-42-3
944548-37-2
22662-39-1
222834-30-2
133865-88-0
93738-40-0
84449-90-1
518048-05-0
112887-68-0
116649-85-5
96743-96-3
196597-26-9
3615-24-5
87333-19-5
87269-97-4
84071-15-8
33156-28-4
76168-82-6
127932-90-5
132036-88-5
135459-90-4
347396-82-1
58994-96-0
11056-09-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

54
RANIRESTAT
RANITIDINE
RANOLAZINE
RANPIRNASE
RAPACURONIUM BROMIDE
RASAGILINE
RASBURICASE
RATHYRONINE
RAVUCONAZOLE
RAXIBACUMAB
RAXOFELAST
RAZAXABAN
RAZINODIL
RAZOBAZAM
RAZOXANE
REBAMIPIDE
REBIMASTAT
REBOXETINE
RECAINAM
RECLAZEPAM
REGADENOSON
REGAVIRUMAB
REGLITAZAR
REGRAMOSTIM
REGRELOR
RELACATIB
RELCOVAPTAN
RELOMYCIN
REMACEMIDE
REMIFENTANIL
REMIKIREN
REMIPROSTOL
REMOGLIFLOZIN ETABONATE
REMOXIPRIDE
RENANOLONE
RENTIAPRIL
RENYTOLINE
RENZAPRIDE
REPAGERMANIUM
REPAGLINIDE
REPARIXIN
REPIFERMIN
REPINOTAN
REPIRINAST
REPROMICIN
REPROTEROL
RESATORVID
RESCIMETOL
RESCINNAMINE
RESERPINE
RESIQUIMOD
RESLIZUMAB
RESOCORTOL
RESORANTEL
RETAPAMULIN
RETASPIMYCIN
RETELLIPTINE
RETEPLASE
RETIGABINE
RETINOL

147254-64-6
66357-35-5
95635-55-5
196488-72-9
156137-99-4
136236-51-6
134774-45-1
3130-96-9
182760-06-1
565451-13-0
128232-14-4
218298-21-6
30271-85-3
78466-98-5
21416-87-5
111911-87-6
259188-38-0
71620-89-8
74738-24-2
76053-16-2
313348-27-5
153101-26-9
170861-63-9
127757-91-9
787548-03-2
362505-84-8
150375-75-0
1404-48-4
128298-28-2
132875-61-7
126222-34-2
110845-89-1
442201-24-3
80125-14-0
565-99-1
80830-42-8
1729-61-9
112727-80-7
12758-40-6
135062-02-1
266359-83-5
219527-63-6
144980-29-0
73080-51-0
56689-42-0
54063-54-6
243984-11-4
73573-42-9
24815-24-5
50-55-5
144875-48-9
241473-69-8
76675-97-3
20788-07-2
224452-66-8
857402-23-4
72238-02-9
133652-38-7
150812-12-7
68-26-8

RETOSIBAN
REVAPRAZAN
REVATROPATE
REVENAST
REVIPARIN SODIUM
REVIZINONE
REVOSPIRONE
RIBAMINOL
RIBAVIRIN
RIBOFLAVIN
RIBOPRINE
RIBOSTAMYCIN
RICASETRON
RIDAFOROLIMUS
RIDAZOLOL
RIDOGREL
RIFABUTIN
RIFALAZIL
RIFAMETANE
RIFAMEXIL
RIFAMIDE
RIFAMPICIN
RIFAMYCIN
RIFAPENTINE
RIFAXIMIN
RILAPINE
RILAPLADIB
RILMAKALIM
RILMAZAFONE
RILMENIDINE
RILONACEPT
RILOPIROX
RILOZARONE
RILPIVIRINE
RILUZOLE
RIMACALIB
RIMANTADINE
RIMAZOLIUM METILSULFATE
RIMCAZOLE
RIMEPORIDE
RIMEXOLONE
RIMITEROL
RIMONABANT
RIMOPROGIN
RIOCIGUAT
RIODIPINE
RIOPROSTIL
RIPAZEPAM
RIPISARTAN
RISARESTAT
RISEDRONIC ACID
RISMORELIN
RISOCAINE
RISOTILIDE
RISPENZEPINE
RISPERIDONE
RISTIANOL
RISTOCETIN
RITANSERIN
RITIOMETAN

820957-38-8
199463-33-7
149926-91-0
85673-87-6
103-16-2
133718-29-3
95847-87-3
8063-28-3
36791-04-5
83-88-5
7724-76-7
25546-65-0
117086-68-7
572924-54-0
83395-21-5
110140-89-1
72559-06-9
129791-92-0
94168-98-6
113102-19-5
2750-76-7
13292-46-1
6998-60-3
61379-65-5
80621-81-4
79781-95-6
412950-08-4
132014-21-2
99593-25-6
54187-04-1
501081-76-1
104153-37-9
79282-39-6
500287-72-9
1744-22-5
215174-50-8
13392-28-4
28610-84-6
75859-04-0
187870-78-6
49697-38-3
32953-89-2
168273-06-1
37750-83-7
625115-55-1
71653-63-9
77287-05-9
26308-28-1
148504-51-2
79714-31-1
105462-24-6
146706-68-5
94-12-2
120688-08-6
96449-05-7
106266-06-2
78092-65-6
1404-55-3
87051-43-2
34914-39-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

55

RITIPENEM
RITOBEGRON
RITODRINE
RITOLUKAST
RITONAVIR
RITROPIRRONIUM BROMIDE
RITROSULFAN
RITUXIMAB
RIVANICLINE
RIVAROXABAN
RIVASTIGMINE
RIVENPROST
RIVOGLITAZONE
RIZATRIPTAN
RIZOLIPASE
ROBALZOTAN
ROBENACOXIB
ROBENIDINE
ROCASTINE
ROCEPAFANT
ROCICLOVIR
ROCIVERINE
ROCURONIUM BROMIDE
RODOCAINE
RODORUBICIN
ROFECOXIB
ROFELODINE
ROFLEPONIDE
ROFLUMILAST
ROFLURANE
ROGLETIMIDE
ROKITAMYCIN
ROLAFAGREL
ROLAPITANT
ROLETAMIDE
ROLGAMIDINE
ROLICYCLIDINE
ROLICYPRINE
ROLIPOLTIDE
ROLIPRAM
ROLITETRACYCLINE
ROLODINE
ROLOFYLLINE
ROLZIRACETAM
ROMAZARIT
ROMERGOLINE
ROMIDEPSIN
ROMIFENONE
ROMIFIDINE
ROMIPLOSTIM
ROMURTIDE
RONACALERET
RONACTOLOL
RONIDAZOLE
RONIFIBRATE
RONIPAMIL
ROPIDOXURIDINE
ROPINIROLE
ROPITOIN
ROPIVACAINE

84845-57-8
255734-04-4
26652-09-5
111974-60-8
155213-67-5
53808-86-9
4148-16-7
174722-31-7
15585-43-0
366789-02-8
123441-03-2
256382-08-8
185428-18-6
144034-80-0
9001-62-1
169758-66-1
220991-32-2
25875-51-8
91833-77-1
132418-36-1
108436-80-2
53716-44-2
119302-91-9
38821-80-6
96497-67-5
162011-90-7
76696-97-4
144459-70-1
162401-32-3
679-90-3
121840-95-7
74014-51-0
89781-55-5
552292-08-7
10078-46-3
66608-04-6
2201-39-0
2829-19-8
698389-00-3
61413-54-5
751-97-3
1866-43-9
136199-02-5
18356-28-0
109543-76-2
107052-56-2
128517-07-7
38373-83-0
65896-16-4
267639-76-9
78113-36-7
753449-67-1
90895-85-5
7681-76-7
42597-57-9
85247-77-4
093265-81-7
91374-21-9
56079-81-3
84057-95-4

ROPIZINE
ROQUINIMEX
ROSABULIN
ROSAPROSTOL
ROSARAMICIN
ROSE BENGAL (131 I) SODIUM
ROSIGLITAZONE
ROSONABANT
ROSOXACIN
ROSTAFUROXIN
ROSTAPORFIN
ROSTEROLONE
ROSUVASTATIN
ROTAMICILLIN
ROTIGAPTIDE
ROTIGOTINE
ROTOXAMINE
ROTRAXATE
ROVELIZUMAB
ROXADIMATE
ROXARSONE
ROXATIDINE
ROXIBOLONE
ROXIFIBAN
ROXINDOLE
ROXITHROMYCIN
ROXOLONIUM METILSULFATE
ROXOPERONE
RUBITECAN
RUBOXISTAURIN
RUFINAMIDE
RUFLOXACIN
RUFOCROMOMYCIN
RUPATADINE
RUPINTRIVIR
RUPLIZUMAB
RUSALATIDE
RUTAMYCIN
RUTOSIDE
RUVAZONE
RUZADOLANE
SABARUBICIN
SABCOMELINE
SABELUZOLE
SABIPORIDE
SAFINAMIDE
SAFINGOL
SAFIRONIL
SAGANDIPINE
SAGOPILONE
SALACETAMIDE
SALAFIBRATE
SALANTEL
SALAZODINE
SALAZOSULFADIMIDINE
SALAZOSULFAMIDE
SALAZOSULFATHIAZOLE
SALBUTAMOL
SALCAPROZIC ACID
SALCLOBUZIC ACID

3601-19-2
84088-42-6
501948-05-6
56695-65-9
35834-26-5
15251-14-6
122320-73-4
861151-12-4
40034-42-2
156722-18-8
284041-10-7
79243-67-7
287714-41-4
55530-41-1
355151-12-1
99755-59-6
5560-77-0
92071-51-7
197099-66-4
58882-17-0
121-19-7
78273-80-0
60023-92-9
170902-47-3
112192-04-8
80214-83-1
53862-80-9
2804-00-4
91421-42-0
169939-94-0
106308-44-5
101363-10-4
3930-19-6
158876-82-5
223537-30-2
220651-94-5
497221-38-2
1404-59-7
153-18-4
20228-27-7
115762-17-9
211100-13-9
159912-53-5
104153-38-0
324758-66-9
133865-89-1
15639-50-6
134377-69-8
126294-30-2
305841-29-6
487-48-9
64496-66-8
36093-47-7
22933-72-8
2315-08-4
139-56-0
515-58-2
18559-94-9
183990-46-7
387825-03-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

56
SALCOLEX
SALETAMIDE
SALFLUVERINE
SALICYLAMIDE
SALINAZID
SALINOMYCIN
SALIRASIB
SALMEFAMOL
SALMETEROL
SALMISTEINE
SALNACEDIN
SALPROTOSIDE
SALSALATE
SALVERINE
SAMARIUM (153 Sm) LEXIDRONAM
SAMERIDINE
SAMIXOGREL
SAMPATRILAT
SAMPIRTINE
SANCYCLINE
SANFETRINEM
SANGUINARIUM CHLORIDE
SAPACITABINE
SAPERCONAZOLE
SAPRISARTAN
SAPROPTERIN
SAQUINAVIR
SARACATINIB
SARAFLOXACIN
SARAKALIM
SARALASIN
SARCOLYSIN
SARDOMOZIDE
SAREDUTANT
SARGRAMOSTIM
SARIPIDEM
SARIZOTAN
SARMAZENIL
SARMOXICILLIN
SARPICILLIN
SARPOGRELATE
SARUPLASE
SATAVAPTAN
SATERINONE
SATIGREL
SATRANIDAZOLE
SATRAPLATIN
SATUMOMAB
SAVIPRAZOLE
SAVOXEPIN
SAXAGLIPTIN
SCOPINAST
SEBRIPLATIN
SECALCIFEROL
SECBUTABARBITAL
SECLAZONE
SECNIDAZOLE
SECOBARBITAL
SECOVERINE
SECRETIN

28038-04-2
46803-81-0
587-49-5
65-45-2
495-84-1
53003-10-4
162520-00-5
18910-65-1
89365-50-4
89767-59-9
87573-01-1
33779-37-2
552-94-3
6376-26-7
154427-83-5
143257-97-0
133276-80-9
129981-36-8
115911-28-9
808-26-4
156769-21-0
5578-73-4
151823-14-2
110588-57-3
146623-69-0
62989-33-7
127779-20-8
379231-04-6
98105-99-8
148430-28-8
34273-10-4
531-76-0
149400-88-4
142001-63-6
123774-72-1
103844-86-6
351862-32-3
78771-13-8
67337-44-4
40966-79-8
125926-17-2
99149-95-8
185913-78-4
102669-89-6
111753-73-2
56302-13-7
129580-63-8
144058-40-2
121617-11-6
79262-46-7
361442-04-8
145574-90-9
110172-45-7
55721-11-4
125-40-6
29050-11-1
3366-95-8
76-73-3
57558-44-8
1393-25-5

SECURININE
SEDECAMYCIN
SEGANSERIN
SEGESTERONE
SEGLITIDE
SELAMECTIN
SELEGILINE
SELENOMETHIONINE (75 SE)
SELETRACETAM
SELETRACETAM
SELFOTEL
SELICICLIB
SELODENOSON
SELPRAZINE
SEMAGACESTAT
SEMAPIMOD
SEMATILIDE
SEMAXANIB
SEMDURAMICIN
SEMORPHONE
SEMOTIADIL
SEMPARATIDE
SEMULOPARIN SODIUM
SEMUSTINE
SENAZODAN
SENICAPOC
SEOCALCITOL
SEPAZONIUM CHLORIDE
SEPIMOSTAT
SEPRILOSE
SEPROXETINE
SEQUIFENADINE
SERACTIDE
SERATRODAST
SERAZAPINE
SERFIBRATE
SERGLIFLOZIN ETABONATE
SERGOLEXOLE
SERINE
SERMETACIN
SERMORELIN
SERRAPEPTASE
SERTACONAZOLE
SERTINDOLE
SERTRALINE
SERUM GONADOTROPHIN
SERUM ALBUMIN
SERUM ALBUMIN
SETASTINE
SETAZINDOL
SETIPAFANT
SETIPTILINE
SETOPERONE
SEVELAMER
SEVIRUMAB
SEVITROPIUM MESILATE
SEVOFLURANE
SEVOPRAMIDE
SEZOLAMIDE
SFERICASE

5610-40-2
23477-98-7
87729-89-3
7690-08-6
81377-02-8
165108-07-6
14611-51-9
1187-56-0
357336-74-4
357336-74-4
110347-85-8
186692-46-6
110299-05-3
103997-59-7
425386-60-3
352513-83-8
101526-83-4
194413-58-6
113378-31-7
88939-40-6
116476-13-2
154906-40-8
9041-08-1
13909-09-6
98326-32-0
289656-45-7
134404-52-7
54143-54-3
103926-64-3
133692-55-4
126924-38-7
57734-69-7
12279-41-3
112665-43-7
115313-22-9
54657-98-6
408504-26-7
108674-86-8
56-45-1
57645-05-3
86168-78-7
37312-62-2
99592-32-2
106516-24-9
79617-96-2
9002-70-4
9048-49-1
9048-49-1
64294-95-7
56481-43-7
132418-35-0
57262-94-9
86487-64-1
52757-95-6
138660-96-5
88199-75-1
28523-86-6
57227-17-5
123308-22-5
63551-77-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

57

SIAGOSIDE
SIBENADET
SIBOPIRDINE
SIBRAFIBAN
SIBROTUZUMAB
SIBUTRAMINE
SICCANIN
SIFAPRAZINE
SIGUAZODAN
SILANDRONE
SILDENAFIL
SILIBININ
SILICRISTIN
SILIDIANIN
SILODOSIN
SILPERISONE
SILTENZEPINE
SILTEPLASE
SIMALDRATE
SIMENDAN
SIMETRIDE
SIMFIBRATE
SIMOTAXEL
SIMTRAZENE
SIMVASTATIN
SINAPULTIDE
SINCALIDE
SINEFUNGIN
SINITRODIL
SINTROPIUM BROMIDE
SIPATRIGINE
SIPLIZUMAB
SIPOGLITAZAR
SIRAMESINE
SIRATIAZEM
SIROLIMUS
SISOMICIN
SITAFLOXACIN
SITAGLIPTIN
SITALIDONE
SITAMAQUINE
SITAXENTAN
SITIMAGENE CERADENOVEC
SITOFIBRATE
SITOGLUSIDE
SIVELESTAT
SIVIFENE
SIZOFIRAN
SOBLIDOTIN
SOBUZOXANE
SODELGLITAZAR
SODIUM ACETRIZOATE
SODIUM AMIDOTRIZOATE
SODIUM APOLATE
SODIUM ASCORBATE
SODIUM AUROTHIOMALATE
SODIUM AUROTIOSULFATE
SODIUM BITIONOLATE
SODIUM BOROCAPTATE (10 B)
SODIUM CALCIUM EDETATE

100345-64-0
154189-40-9
122955-18-4
172927-65-0
216669-97-5
106650-56-0
22733-60-4
131635-06-8
99591-83-0
5055-42-5
139755-83-2
22888-70-6
33889-69-9
29782-68-1
160970-54-7
140944-31-6
98374-54-0
131081-40-8
12408-47-8
131741-08-7
154-82-5
14929-11-4
791635-59-1
5579-27-1
79902-63-9
138531-07-4
25126-32-3
58944-73-3
143248-63-9
79467-19-9
130800-90-7
288392-69-8
342026-92-0
147817-50-3
138778-28-6
53123-88-9
32385-11-8
127254-12-0
486460-32-6
108894-39-9
57695-04-2
184036-34-8
898830-54-1
55902-94-8
474-58-8
127373-66-4
2675-35-6
9050-67-3
149606-27-9
98631-95-9
447406-78-2
129-63-5
737-31-5
25053-27-4
134-03-2
12244-57-4
10210-36-3
6385-58-6
103831-41-0
62-33-9

SODIUM CHLORIDE
SODIUM CHROMATE (51 CR)
SODIUM CYCLAMATE
SODIUM DEHYDROCHOLATE
SODIUM DIBUNATE
SODIUM DIPROTRIZOATE
SODIUM ETASULFATE
SODIUM FEREDETATE
SODIUM GENTISATE
SODIUM GLUCASPALDRATE
SODIUM GUALENATE
SODIUM HEXACYCLONATE
SODIUM IODIDE (125 I)
SODIUM IODIDE (131 I)
SODIUM IODOHIPPURATE (131 I)
SODIUM IOPODATE
SODIUM IOTALAMATE (125 I)
SODIUM IOTALAMATE (131 I)
SODIUM LACTATE
SODIUM METRIZOATE
SODIUM MORRHUATE
SODIUM PHOSPHATE (32 P)
SODIUM PICOFOSFATE
SODIUM PICOSULFATE
SODIUM STIBOCAPTATE
SODIUM STIBOGLUCONATE
SODIUM TETRADECYL SULFATE
SODIUM TIMERFONATE
SODIUM TYROPANOATE
SOFALCONE
SOFIGATRAN
SOLABEGRON
SOLASULFONE
SOLIFENACIN
SOLIMASTAT
SOLPECAINOL
SOLYPERTINE
SOMAGREBOVE
SOMALAPOR
SOMANTADINE
SOMATORELIN
SOMATOSALM
SOMATOSTATIN
SOMATREM
SOMATROPIN
SOMAVUBOVE
SOMENOPOR
SOMETRIBOVE
SOMETRIPOR
SOMFASEPOR
SOMIDOBOVE
SONECLOSAN
SONEPIPRAZOLE
SONERMIN
SONTUZUMAB
SOPITAZINE
SOPROMIDINE
SOQUINOLOL
SORAFENIB
SORAPRAZAN

8026-10-6
10039-53-9
139-05-9
145-41-5
14992-59-7
129-57-7
126-92-1
15708-41-5
4955-90-2
12214-50-5
6223-35-4
7009-49-6
24359-64-6
7790-26-3
881-17-4
1221-56-3
17692-74-9
15845-98-4
8026-79-7
7225-61-8
8031-09-2
8027-28-9
36175-05-0
10040-45-6
3064-61-7
16037-91-5
139-88-8
5964-24-9
7246-21-1
64506-49-6
187602-11-5
252920-94-8
133-65-3
242478-37-1
226072-63-5
68567-30-6
4448-96-8
96353-48-9
106282-98-8
79594-24-4
83930-13-6
123212-08-8
38916-34-6
82030-87-3
12629-01-5
126752-39-4
119693-74-2
102744-97-8
102733-72-2
129566-95-6
89383-13-1
3380-30-1
170858-33-0
144916-42-7
372075-37-1
23492-69-5
79313-75-0
61563-18-6
284461-73-0
261944-46-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

58
SORBINICATE
SORBINIL
SORBITAN LAURATE
SORBITAN OLEATE
SORBITAN PALMITATE
SORBITAN SESQUIOLEATE
SORBITAN STEARATE
SORBITAN TRIOLEATE
SORBITAN TRISTEARATE
SORETOLIDE
SORIVUDINE
SORNIDIPINE
SOTALOL
SOTERENOL
SOTIRIMOD
SOTRASTAURIN
SPAGLUMIC ACID
SPARFLOXACIN
SPARFOSIC ACID
SPARSOMYCIN
SPARTEINE
SPECTINOMYCIN
SPICLAMINE
SPICLOMAZINE
SPIPERONE
SPIRADOLINE
SPIRAMIDE
SPIRAMYCIN
SPIRAPRIL
SPIRAPRILAT
SPIRAZINE
SPIRENDOLOL
SPIRGETINE
SPIRILENE
SPIRIPROSTIL
SPIROFYLLINE
SPIROGERMANIUM
SPIROGLUMIDE
SPIROMUSTINE
SPIRONOLACTONE
SPIROPLATIN
SPIRORENONE
SPIROXASONE
SPIROXATRINE
SPIROXEPIN
SPIZOFURONE
SPRODIAMIDE
SQUALAMINE
STACOFYLLINE
STALLIMYCIN
STAMULUMAB
STANNSOPORFIN
STANOZOLOL
STAVUDINE
STEARYLSULFAMIDE
STEFFIMYCIN
STENBOLONE
STEPRONIN
STERCURONIUM IODIDE
STEVALADIL

6184-06-1
68367-52-2
1338-39-2
1338-43-8
26266-57-9
8007-43-0
1338-41-6
26266-58-0
26658-19-5
130403-08-6
77181-69-2
95105-77-4
3930-20-9
13642-52-9
227318-75-4
425637-18-9
4910-46-7
110871-86-8
51321-79-0
1404-64-4
90-39-1
1695-77-8
90243-97-3
24527-27-3
749-02-0
87151-85-7
510-74-7
8025-81-8
83647-97-6
83602-05-5
15599-44-7
65429-87-0
144-45-6
357-66-4
122946-42-3
98204-48-9
41992-23-8
137795-35-8
56605-16-4
52-01-7
74790-08-2
74220-07-8
6673-97-8
1054-88-2
47254-05-7
72492-12-7
138721-73-0
148717-90-2
98833-92-2
636-47-5
705287-60-1
106344-20-1
10418-03-8
3056-17-5
498-78-2
11033-34-4
5197-58-0
72324-18-6
30033-10-4
6535-03-1

STIBAMINE GLUCOSIDE
STIBOSAMINE
STILBAMIDINE ISETIONATE
STILBAZIUM IODIDE
STILONIUM IODIDE
STIRIMAZOLE
STIRIPENTOL
STIROCAINIDE
STREPTODORNASE
STREPTOKINASE
STREPTOMYCIN
STREPTONIAZID
STREPTOVARYCIN
STREPTOZOCIN
STRINOLINE
STYRAMATE
SUBATHIZONE
SUBENDAZOLE
SUCCIMER
SUCCINOBUCOL
SUCCINYLSULFATHIAZOLE
SUCCISULFONE
SUCLOFENIDE
SUCRALFATE
SUCRALOX
SUCROSOFATE
SUDEXANOX
SUDISMASE
SUDOXICAM
SUFENTANIL
SUFOSFAMIDE
SUFOTIDINE
SUFUGOLIX
SUGAMMADEX
SULAMSEROD
SULAZEPAM
SULAZURIL
SULBACTAM
SULBENICILLIN
SULBENOX
SULBENTINE
SULBUTIAMINE
SULCLAMIDE
SULCONAZOLE
SULEPAROID SODIUM
SULESOMAB
SULFABENZ
SULFABENZAMIDE
SULFACARBAMIDE
SULFACECOLE
SULFACETAMIDE
SULFACHLORPYRIDAZINE
SULFACHRYSOIDINE
SULFACITINE
SULFACLOMIDE
SULFACLORAZOLE
SULFACLOZINE
SULFADIASULFONE SODIUM
SULFADIAZINE
SULFADIAZINE SODIUM

1344-34-9
5959-10-4
140-59-0
3784-99-4
77257-42-2
30529-16-9
49763-96-4
78372-27-7
37340-82-2
9002-01-1
57-92-1
4480-58-4
1404-74-6
18883-66-4
39862-58-3
94-35-9
121-55-1
54340-66-8
304-55-2
216167-82-7
116-43-8
5934-14-5
30279-49-3
54182-58-0
12040-73-2
57680-56-5
58761-87-8
110294-55-8
34042-85-8
56030-54-7
37753-10-9
80343-63-1
308831-61-0
343306-71-8
219757-90-1
2898-13-7
108258-89-5
68373-14-8
41744-40-5
58095-31-1
350-12-9
3286-46-2
2455-92-7
61318-90-9
57459-72-0
167747-19-5
127-77-5
127-71-9
547-44-4
21662-79-3
144-80-9
80-32-0
485-41-6
17784-12-2
4015-18-3
54063-55-7
102-65-8
128-12-1
68-35-9
547-32-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

59

SULFADICRAMIDE
SULFADIMETHOXINE
SULFADIMIDINE
SULFADOXINE
SULFAETHIDOLE
SULFAFURAZOLE
SULFAGUANIDINE
SULFAGUANOLE
SULFALENE
SULFALOXIC ACID
SULFAMAZONE
SULFAMERAZINE SODIUM
SULFAMERAZINE
SULFAMETHIZOLE
SULFAMETHOXAZOLE
SULFAMETHOXYPYRIDAZINE
SULFAMETOMIDINE
SULFAMETOXYDIAZINE
SULFAMETROLE
SULFAMONOMETHOXINE
SULFAMOXOLE
SULFANILAMIDE
SULFANITRAN
SULFAPERIN
SULFAPHENAZOLE
SULFAPROXYLINE
SULFAPYRAZOLE
SULFAPYRIDINE
SULFAQUINOXALINE
SULFARSPHENAMINE
SULFASALAZINE
SULFASOMIZOLE
SULFASUCCINAMIDE
SULFASYMAZINE
SULFATHIAZOLE
SULFATHIOUREA
SULFATOLAMIDE
SULFATROXAZOLE
SULFATROZOLE
SULFINALOL
SULFINPYRAZONE
SULFIRAM
SULFISOMIDINE
SULFOGAIACOL
SULFOMYXIN
SULFONTEROL
SULFORIDAZINE
SULGLICOTIDE
SULICRINAT
SULINDAC
SULISATIN
SULISOBENZONE
SULMARIN
SULMAZOLE
SULMEPRIDE
SULNIDAZOLE
SULOCARBILATE
SULOCTIDIL
SULODEXIDE
SULOFENUR

115-68-4
122-11-2
57-68-1
2447-57-6
94-19-9
127-69-5
57-67-0
27031-08-9
152-47-6
14376-16-0
65761-24-2
127-58-2
127-79-7
144-82-1
723-46-6
80-35-3
3772-76-7
651-06-9
32909-92-5
1220-83-3
729-99-7
63-74-1
122-16-7
599-88-2
526-08-9
116-42-7
852-19-7
144-83-2
59-40-5
618-82-6
599-79-1
632-00-8
3563-14-2
1984-94-7
72-14-0
515-49-1
1161-88-2
23256-23-7
13369-07-8
66264-77-5
57-96-5
95-05-6
515-64-0
1321-14-8
1405-52-3
42461-79-0
14759-06-9
54182-59-1
90207-12-8
38194-50-2
54935-03-4
4065-45-6
29334-07-4
73384-60-8
57479-88-6
51022-76-5
121-64-2
54063-56-8
57821-29-1
110311-27-8

SULOPENEM
SULOSEMIDE
SULOTROBAN
SULOXIFEN
SULPIRIDE
SULPROSAL
SULPROSTONE
SULTAMICILLIN
SULTIAME
SULTOPRIDE
SULTOSILIC ACID
SULTROPONIUM
SULUKAST
SULVERAPRIDE
SUMACETAMOL
SUMANIROLE
SUMAROTENE
SUMATRIPTAN
SUMETIZIDE
SUNAGREL
SUNCILLIN
SUNEPITRON
SUNITINIB
SUPIDIMIDE
SUPLATAST TOSILATE
SUPROCLONE
SUPROFEN
SURAMIN SODIUM
SURFOMER
SURICAINIDE
SURICLONE
SURINABANT
SURITOZOLE
SURONACRINE
SUSALIMOD
SUTILAINS
SUXAMETHONIUM CHLORIDE
SUXEMERID
SUXETHONIUM CHLORIDE
SUXIBUZONE
SYMCLOSENE
SYMETINE
SYROSINGOPINE
TABILAUTIDE
TABIMORELIN
TACALCITOL
TACAPENEM
TACEDINALINE
TACLAMINE
TACRINE
TACROLIMUS
TADALAFIL
TADEKINIG ALFA
TADOCIZUMAB
TAFENOQUINE
TAFLUPOSIDE
TAFLUPROST
TAGLUTIMIDE
TAGORIZINE
TALABOSTAT

120788-07-0
82666-62-4
72131-33-0
25827-12-7
15676-16-1
58703-77-8
60325-46-4
76497-13-7
61-56-3
53583-79-2
57775-26-5
15130-91-3
98116-53-1
73747-20-3
69217-67-0
179386-43-7
105687-93-2
103628-46-2
32059-27-1
85418-85-5
22164-94-9
148408-65-5
557795-19-4
49785-74-2
94055-76-2
77590-92-2
40828-46-4
129-46-4
71251-04-2
85053-46-9
53813-83-5
288104-79-0
110623-33-1
104675-35-6
149556-49-0
12211-28-8
71-27-2
47662-15-7
54063-57-9
27470-51-5
87-90-1
15599-45-8
84-36-6
78088-46-7
193079-69-5
57333-96-7
193811-33-5
112522-64-2
34061-33-1
321-64-2
104987-11-3
171596-29-5
220712-29-8
339086-80-5
106635-80-7
179067-42-6
209860-87-7
14166-26-8
118420-47-6
149682-77-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

60
TALACTOFERRIN ALFA
TALAGLUMETAD
TALAMPANEL
TALAMPICILLIN
TALAPORFIN
TALAROZOLE
TALASTINE
TALBUTAL
TALERANOL
TALIBEGRON
TALINOLOL
TALIPEXOLE
TALISOMYCIN
TALIZUMAB
TALLIMUSTINE
TALMAPIMOD
TALMETACIN
TALMETOPRIM
TALNETANT
TALNIFLUMATE
TALOPRAM
TALOSALATE
TALOTREXIN
TALOXIMINE
TALSACLIDINE
TALSUPRAM
TALTIRELIN
TALTOBULIN
TALTRIMIDE
TALVIRALINE
TAMERIDONE
TAMETICILLIN
TAMETRALINE
TAMIBAROTENE
TAMITINOL
TAMOLARIZINE
TAMOXIFEN
TAMPRAMINE
TAMSULOSIN
TANAPROGET
TANDAMINE
TANDOSPIRONE
TANDUTINIB
TANEPTACOGIN ALFA
TANESPIMYCIN
TANEZUMAB
TANIPLON
TANOGITRAN
TANOMASTAT
TAPENTADOL
TAPLITUMOMAB PAPTOX
TAPRIZOSIN
TAPROSTENE
TARANABANT
TARAZEPIDE
TARENFLURBIL
TARGININE
TARIBAVIRIN
TARIQUIDAR
TASIDOTIN

308240-58-6
441765-98-6
161832-65-1
47747-56-8
110230-98-3
870093-23-5
16188-61-7
115-44-6
42422-68-4
146376-58-1
57460-41-0
101626-70-4
65057-90-1
380610-22-0
115308-98-0
309913-83-5
67489-39-8
66093-35-4
174636-32-9
66898-62-2
7182-51-6
66898-60-0
113857-87-7
17243-68-4
147025-53-4
21489-20-3
130300-74-9
228266-40-8
81428-04-8
169312-27-0
102144-78-5
56211-43-9
52795-02-5
94497-51-5
59429-50-4
128229-52-7
10540-29-1
83166-17-0
106133-20-4
304853-42-7
42408-80-0
87760-53-0
387867-13-2
465540-87-8
75747-14-7
880266-57-9
106073-01-2
637328-69-9
179545-77-8
175591-23-8
235428-87-2
210538-44-6
108945-35-3
701977-09-5
141374-81-4
051543-40-9
17035-90-4
119567-79-2
206873-63-4
192658-64-3

TASIMELTEON
TASISULAM
TASONERMIN
TASOSARTAN
TASPOGLUTIDE
TASQUINIMOD
TASULDINE
TAURINE
TAUROLIDINE
TAUROMUSTINE
TAUROSELCHOLIC ACID
TAUROSTEINE
TAURULTAM
TAZADOLENE
TAZANOLAST
TAZAROTENE
TAZASUBRATE
TAZEPROFEN
TAZIFYLLINE
TAZIPRINONE
TAZOBACTAM
TAZOFELONE
TAZOLOL
TAZOMELINE
TEBANICLINE
TEBATIZOLE
TEBIPENEM PIVOXIL (TEBIPENEM)
TEBUFELONE
TEBUQUINE
TECADENOSON
TECALCET
TECASTEMIZOLE
TECHNETIUM (99M Tc) APCITIDE
TECHNETIUM (99M Tc) BICISATE
TECHNETIUM (99M Tc) FURIFOSMIN
TECHNETIUM (99M Tc) NOFETU-

MOMAB

TECHNETIUM (99M Tc) PINTUMOMAB
TECHNETIUM (99M Tc) SESTAMIBI
TECHNETIUM (99M TC) SIBOROXIME
TECHNETIUM (99M TC) TEBOROXIME
TECHNETIUM (99MTC) NITRIDOCADE
TECHNETIUM (99MTC) FANOLE-

SOMAB

TECLOTHIAZIDE
TECLOZAN
TECOVIRIMAT
TEDISAMIL
TEDUGLUTIDE
TEFAZOLINE
TEFENPERATE
TEFIBAZUMAB
TEFLUDAZINE
TEFLURANE
TEFLUTIXOL
TEGAFUR
TEGASEROD
TEGLICAR
TEICOPLANIN
TELAPREVIR

609799-22-6
519055-62-0
94948-59-1
145733-36-4
275371-94-3
254964-60-8
88579-39-9
107-35-7
19388-87-5
85977-49-7
75018-71-2
124066-33-7
38668-01-8
87936-75-2
82989-25-1
118292-40-3
79071-15-1
85702-89-2
79712-55-3
79253-92-2
89786-04-9
136433-51-7
39832-48-9
131987-54-7
198283-73-7
54147-28-3
161715-24-8
112018-00-5
74129-03-6
204512-90-3
148717-54-8
75970-99-9
178959-14-3
121281-41-2
142481-95-6

157476-76-1
109581-73-9
106417-28-1
104716-22-5
131608-78-1

225239-31-6

4267-05-4
5560-78-1
816458-31-8
90961-53-8
287714-30-1
1082-56-0
77342-26-8
521079-87-8
80680-06-4
124-72-1
55837-23-5
17902-23-7
145158-71-0
250694-07-6
61036-62-2
402957-28-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

61

TELATINIB
TELAVANCIN
TELBERMIN
TELBIVUDINE
TELENZEPINE
TELIMOMAB ARITOX
TELINAVIR
TELITHROMYCIN
TELMESTEINE
TELMISARTAN
TELOXANTRONE
TELUDIPINE
TEMAFLOXACIN
TEMAROTENE
TEMATROPIUM METILSULFATE
TEMAZEPAM
TEMEFOS
TEMELASTINE
TEMIVERINE
TEMOCAPRIL
TEMOCAPRILAT
TEMOCILLIN
TEMODOX
TEMOZOLOMIDE
TEMSIROLIMUS
TEMURTIDE
TENAMFETAMINE
TENATOPRAZOLE
TENATUMOMAB (LIGHT CHAIN)
TENATUMOMAB (HEAVY CHAIN)
TENDAMISTAT
TENECTEPLASE
TENELIGLIPTIN
TENELIXIMAB
TENIDAP
TENILAPINE
TENILOXAZINE
TENILSETAM
TENIPOSIDE
TENIVASTATIN
TENOCYCLIDINE
TENOFOVIR
TENONITROZOLE
TENOSAL
TENOSIPROL
TENOXICAM
TENYLIDONE
TEOPRANITOL
TEOPROLOL
TEPIRINDOLE
TEPLIZUMAB
TEPOXALIN
TEPRENONE
TEPROTIDE
TERAMEPROCOL
TERAZOSIN
TERBEQUINIL
TERBINAFINE
TERBOGREL
TERBUCROMIL

332012-40-5
372151-71-8
205887-54-3
3424-98-4
80880-90-6
117305-33-6
143224-34-4
173838-31-8
122946-43-4
144701-48-4
91441-48-4
108687-08-7
108319-06-8
75078-91-0
113932-41-5
846-50-4
3383-96-8
86181-42-2
173324-94-2
111902-57-9
110221-53-9
66148-78-5
34499-96-2
85622-93-1
162635-04-3
66112-59-2
51497-09-7
113712-98-4
592557-43-2
592557-41-0
86596-25-0
191588-94-0
760937-92-6
299423-37-3
120210-48-2
82650-83-7
62473-79-4
86696-86-8
29767-20-2
121009-77-6
21500-98-1
147127-20-6
3810-35-3
95232-68-1
129336-81-8
59804-37-4
893-01-6
81792-35-0
65184-10-3
72808-81-2
876387-05-2
103475-41-8
6809-52-5
35115-60-7
24150-24-1
63590-64-7
113079-82-6
78628-80-5
149979-74-8
37456-21-6

TERBUFIBROL
TERBUFICIN
TERBUPROL
TERBUTALINE
TERCIPRAZINE
TERCONAZOLE
TERDECAMYCIN
TERERSTIGMINE
TERFENADINE
TERFLAVOXATE
TERFLURANOL
TERGURIDE
TERIFLUNOMIDE
TERIKALANT
TERIPARATIDE
TERIZIDONE
TERLAKIREN
TERLIPRESSIN
TERNIDAZOLE
TERODILINE
TEROFENAMATE
TEROXALENE
TEROXIRONE
TERTATOLOL
TERTOMOTIDE
TERUTROBAN
TESAGLITAZAR
TESAMORELIN
TESETAXEL
TESICAM
TESIMIDE
TESMILIFENE
TESOFENSINE
TESTOLACTONE
TESTOSTERONE KETOLAURATE
TESTOSTERONE
TETOMILAST
TETRABARBITAL
TETRABENAZINE
TETRACAINE
TETRACOSACTIDE
TETRACYCLINE
TETRADONIUM BROMIDE
TETRAMETHRIN
TETRAMISOLE
TETRAZEPAM
TETRAZOLAST
TETRIDAMINE
TETRIPROFEN
TETROFOSMIN
TETRONASIN
TETROQUINONE
TETROXOPRIM
TETRYLAMMONIUM BROMIDE
TETRYZOLINE
TEVERELIX
TEXACROMIL
TEZACITABINE
TEZAMPANEL
TEZOSENTAN

56488-59-6
15534-92-6
13021-53-9
23031-25-6
56693-15-3
67915-31-5
113167-61-6
147650-57-5
50679-08-8
86433-40-1
64396-09-4
37686-84-3
108605-62-5
132338-79-5
52232-67-4
25683-71-0
119625-78-4
14636-12-5
1077-93-6
15793-40-5
29098-15-5
14728-33-7
59653-74-6
34784-64-0
915019-08-8
165538-40-9
251565-85-2
218949-48-5
333754-36-2
21925-88-2
35423-09-7
98774-23-3
195875-84-4
968-93-4
5874-98-6
58-22-0
145739-56-6
76-23-3
58-46-8
94-24-6
16960-16-0
60-54-8
1119-97-7
7696-12-0
5036-02-2
10379-14-3
95104-27-1
17289-49-5
28168-10-7
127502-06-1
75139-06-9
319-89-1
53808-87-0
71-91-0
84-22-0
144743-92-0
77005-28-8
130306-02-4
154652-83-2
180384-57-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

62
THALIDOMIDE
THEBACON
THENALIDINE
THENIUM CLOSILATE
THENYLDIAMINE
THEODRENALINE
THEOPHYLLINE EPHEDRINE
THIACETARSAMIDE SODIUM
THIALBARBITAL
THIAMAZOLE
THIAMBUTOSINE
THIAMINE
THIAMPHENICOL
THIAZINAMIUM METILSULFATE
THIAZOSULFONE
THIETHYLPERAZINE
THIHEXINOL METHYLBROMIDE
THIOACETAZONE
THIOCOLCHICOSIDE
THIOFURADENE
THIOHEXAMIDE
THIOMERSAL
THIOPENTAL SODIUM
THIOPROPAZATE
THIOPROPERAZINE
THIORIDAZINE
THIOTEPA
THIOTETRABARBITAL
THIRAM
THONZYLAMINE
THROMBIN , BOVINE
THROMBIN ALFA
THROMBOMODULIN ALFA
THYMALFASIN
THYMOCARTIN
THYMOCTONAN
THYMOPENTIN
THYMOSTIMULIN
THYMOTRINAN
THYROGLOBULIN
THYROPROPIC ACID
THYROTROPHIN
TIABENDAZOLE
TIACRILAST
TIADENOL
TIAFIBRATE
TIAGABINE
TIAMENIDINE
TIAMETONIUM IODIDE
TIAMIPRINE
TIAMIZIDE
TIAMULIN
TIANAFAC
TIANEPTINE
TIAPAMIL
TIAPIRINOL
TIAPRIDE
TIAPROFENIC ACID
TIAPROST
TIARAMIDE

50-35-1
466-90-0
86-12-4
4304-40-9
91-79-2
13460-98-5
15766-94-6
14433-82-0
467-36-7
60-56-0
500-89-0
59-43-8
15318-45-3
58-34-4
473-30-3
1420-55-9
7219-91-2
104-06-3
602-41-5
2240-21-3
3692-44-2
54-64-8
71-73-8
84-06-0
316-81-4
50-52-2
52-24-4
467-38-9
137-26-8
91-85-0
9002-04-4
869858-13-9
120313-91-9
62304-98-7
85466-18-8
107489-37-2
69558-55-0
7813-36-7
85465-82-3
9010-34-8
51-26-3
9002-71-5
148-79-8
78299-53-3
6964-20-1
55837-28-0
115103-54-3
31428-61-2
10433-71-3
5581-52-2
3688-85-5
55297-95-5
51527-19-6
66981-73-5
57010-31-8
14785-50-3
51012-32-9
33005-95-7
71116-82-0
32527-55-2

TIAZESIM
TIAZOFURINE
TIAZURIL
TIBALOSIN
TIBEGLISENE
TIBENELAST
TIBENZATE
TIBEZONIUM IODIDE
TIBOLONE
TIBRIC ACID
TIBROFAN
TICABESONE
TICAGRELOR
TICALOPRIDE
TICARBODINE
TICARCILLIN
TICLATONE
TICLOPIDINE
TICOLUBANT
TIDEMBERSAT
TIDIACIC
TIEMONIUM IODIDE
TIENILIC ACID
TIENOCARBINE
TIENOPRAMINE
TIENOXOLOL
TIFACOGIN
TIFEMOXONE
TIFENAMIL
TIFENAZOXIDE
TIFENCILLIN
TIFLAMIZOLE
TIFLOREX
TIFLUADOM
TIFLUCARBINE
TIFORMIN
TIFURAC
TIFUVIRTIDE
TIGAPOTIDE
TIGATUZUMAB
TIGECYCLINE
TIGEMONAM
TIGESTOL
TIGLOIDINE
TILACTASE
TILBROQUINOL
TILDIPIROSIN
TILETAMINE
TILIDINE
TILIQUINOL
TILISOLOL
TILMACOXIB
TILMICOSIN
TILNOPROFEN ARBAMEL
TILOMISOLE
TILORONE
TILOZEPINE
TILSUPROST
TILUDRONIC ACID
TIMCODAR

5845-26-1
60084-10-8
35319-70-1
63996-84-9
129731-11-9
97852-72-7
13402-51-2
54663-47-7
5630-53-5
37087-94-8
15686-72-3
74131-77-4
274693-27-5
202590-69-0
31932-09-9
34787-01-4
70-10-0
55142-85-3
154413-61-3
175013-73-7
30097-06-4
144-12-7
40180-04-9
75458-65-0
37967-98-9
90055-97-3
148883-56-1
39754-64-8
82-99-5
279215-43-9
26552-51-2
62894-89-7
53993-67-2
81656-30-6
89875-86-5
4210-97-3
97483-17-5
251562-00-2
848084-83-3
918127-53-4
220620-09-7
102507-71-1
896-71-9
495-83-0
9031-11-2
7175-09-9
328898-40-4
14176-49-9
20380-58-9
5541-67-3
85136-71-6
180200-68-4
108050-54-0
159098-79-0
58433-11-7
27591-97-5
42239-60-1
80225-28-1
89987-06-4
179033-51-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

63

TIMEFURONE
TIMEGADINE
TIMELOTEM
TIMEPIDIUM BROMIDE
TIMIPERONE
TIMIRDINE
TIMOBESONE
TIMOFIBRATE
TIMOLOL
TIMONACIC
TIMOPRAZOLE
TINABINOL
TINAZOLINE
TINIDAZOLE
TINISULPRIDE
TINOFEDRINE
TINORIDINE
TINZAPARIN SODIUM
TIOCARLIDE
TIOCLOMAROL
TIOCONAZOLE
TIOCTILATE
TIODAZOSIN
TIODONIUM CHLORIDE
TIOGUANINE
TIOMERGINE
TIOMESTERONE
TIOPERIDONE
TIOPINAC
TIOPRONIN
TIOPROPAMINE
TIOSALAN
TIOSPIRONE
TIOTIDINE
TIOTIXENE
TIOTROPIUM BROMIDE
TIOXACIN
TIOXAMAST
TIOXAPROFEN
TIOXIDAZOLE
TIOXOLONE
TIPELUKAST
TIPENTOSIN
TIPEPIDINE
TIPETROPIUM BROMIDE
TIPIFARNIB
TIPINDOLE
TIPLASININ
TIPLIMOTIDE
TIPRANAVIR
TIPREDANE
TIPRENOLOL
TIPRINAST
TIPROPIDIL
TIPROSTANIDE
TIPROTIMOD
TIQUESIDE
TIQUINAMIDE
TIQUIZIUM BROMIDE
TIRACIZINE

76301-19-4
71079-19-1
96306-34-2
35035-05-3
57648-21-2
100417-09-2
87116-72-1
64179-54-0
26839-75-8
444-27-9
57237-97-5
50708-95-7
62882-99-9
19387-91-8
69387-87-7
66788-41-8
24237-54-5
9041-08-1
910-86-1
22619-35-8
65899-73-2
10489-23-3
66969-81-1
38070-41-6
154-42-7
57935-49-6
2205-73-4
52618-67-4
61220-69-7
1953-02-2
39516-21-7
15686-78-9
87691-91-6
69014-14-8
3313-26-6
139404-48-1
34976-39-1
74531-88-7
40198-53-6
61570-90-9
4991-65-5
125961-82-2
95588-08-2
5169-78-8
54376-91-9
192185-72-1
7489-66-9
393105-53-8
178823-49-9
174484-41-4
85197-77-9
26481-51-6
83153-39-3
70895-45-3
67040-53-3
105523-37-3
99759-19-0
53400-67-2
71731-58-3
83275-56-3

TIRAPAZAMINE
TIRATRICOL
TIRILAZAD
TIROFIBAN
TIROPRAMIDE
TISOCALCITATE
TISOCROMIDE
TISOPURINE
TISOQUONE
TIVANIDAZOLE
TIVICICLOVIR
TIVIRAPINE
TIXADIL
TIXANOX
TIXOCORTOL
TIZABRIN
TIZANIDINE
TIZOLEMIDE
TIZOPROLIC ACID
TOBICILLIN
TOBORINONE
TOBRAMYCIN
TOBUTEROL
TOCAINIDE
TOCAMPHYL
TOCILIZUMAB
TOCLADESINE
TOCOFENOXATE
TOCOFERSOLAN
TOCOFIBRATE
TODRALAZINE
TOFENACIN
TOFETRIDINE
TOFIMILAST
TOFISOPAM
TOLAFENTRINE
TOLAMOLOL
TOLAZAMIDE
TOLAZOLINE
TOLBOXANE
TOLBUTAMIDE
TOLCAPONE
TOLCICLATE
TOLDIMFOS
TOLEVAMER
TOLFAMIDE
TOLFENAMIC ACID
TOLGABIDE
TOLIMIDONE
TOLINDATE
TOLIODIUM CHLORIDE
TOLIPROLOL
TOLMESOXIDE
TOLMETIN
TOLNAFTATE
TOLNAPERSINE
TOLNIDAMINE
TOLOCONIUM METILSULFATE
TOLONIDINE
TOLONIUM CHLORIDE

27314-97-2
51-24-1
110101-66-1
144494-65-5
55837-29-1
156965-06-9
35423-51-9
5334-23-6
40692-37-3
80680-05-3
103024-93-7
137332-54-8
2949-95-3
40691-50-7
61951-99-3
83573-53-9
51322-75-9
56488-58-5
30709-69-4
151287-22-8
143343-83-3
32986-56-4
75626-99-2
41708-72-9
5634-42-4
375823-41-9
41941-56-4
61343-44-0
9002-96-4
50465-39-9
14679-73-3
15301-93-6
40173-75-9
185954-27-2
22345-47-7
139308-65-9
38103-61-6
1156-19-0
59-98-3
2430-46-8
64-77-7
134308-13-7
50838-36-3
57808-64-7
28210-41-5
70788-29-3
13710-19-5
86914-11-6
41964-07-2
27877-51-6
19028-28-5
2933-94-0
38452-29-8
26171-23-3
2398-96-1
70312-00-4
50454-68-7
552-92-1
4201-22-3
92-31-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

64
TOLOXATONE
TOLOXYCHLORINOL
TOLPADOL
TOLPENTAMIDE
TOLPERISONE
TOLPIPRAZOLE
TOLPOVIDONE (131 I)
TOLPRONINE
TOLPROPAMINE
TOLPYRRAMIDE
TOLQUINZOLE
TOLRESTAT
TOLTERODINE
TOLTRAZURIL
TOLUFAZEPAM
TOLVAPTAN
TOLYCAINE
TOMEGLOVIR
TOMELUKAST
TOMOGLUMIDE
TOMOPENEM
TOMOXETINE
TOMOXIPROLE
TONABERSAT
TONAZOCINE
TONZONIUM BROMIDE
TOPILUTAMIDE
TOPIRAMATE
TOPIXANTRONE
TOPOTECAN
TOPRILIDINE
TOPTERONE
TOQUIZINE
TORALIZUMAB
TORAPSEL
TORASEMIDE
TORBAFYLLINE
TORCETRAPIB
TORCITABINE
TOREMIFENE
TORIPRISTONE
TOSACTIDE
TOSAGESTIN
TOSEDOSTAT
TOSIFEN
TOSITUMOMAB
TOSUFLOXACIN
TOSULUR
TOSYLCHLORAMIDE SODIUM
TOTROMBOPAG
TOZALINONE
TRABECTEDIN
TRABEDERSEN
TRABOXOPINE
TRACAZOLATE
TRADECAMIDE
TRAFERMIN
TRALONIDE
TRAMADOL
TRAMAZOLINE

29218-27-7
6055-48-7
77502-27-3
1027-87-8
728-88-1
20326-13-0
54182-60-4
97-57-4
5632-44-0
5588-38-5
6187-50-4
82964-04-3
124937-51-5
69004-03-1
86273-92-9
150683-30-0
3686-58-6
233254-24-5
88107-10-2
97964-54-0
222400-20-6
83015-26-3
76145-76-1
175013-84-0
71461-18-2
553-08-2
260980-89-0
97240-79-4
156090-18-5
123948-87-8
54063-58-0
60607-35-4
7125-71-5
252662-47-8
204658-47-9
56211-40-6
105102-21-4
262352-17-0
40093-94-5
89778-26-7
91935-26-1
47931-80-6
110072-15-6
238750-77-1
32295-18-4
192391-48-3
108138-46-1
87051-13-6
127-65-1
376592-42-6
655-05-0
114899-77-3
925681-61-4
103624-59-5
41094-88-6
132787-19-0
131094-16-1
21365-49-1
27203-92-5
1082-57-1

TRAMIPROSATE
TRANDOLAPRIL
TRANDOLAPRILAT
TRANEXAMIC ACID
TRANILAST
TRANSCAINIDE
TRANSFERRIN ALDIFITOX
TRANTELINIUM BROMIDE
TRANYLCYPROMINE
TRAPENCAINE
TRAPIDIL
TRASTUZUMAB
TRAVOPROST
TRAXANOX
TRAXOPRODIL
TRAZITILINE
TRAZIUM ESILATE
TRAZODONE
TRAZOLOPRIDE
TREBENZOMINE
TRECADRINE
TRECETILIDE
TRECOVIRSEN
TREFENTANIL
TRELANSERIN
TRELNARIZINE
TRELOXINATE
TREMELIMUMAB
TRENBOLONE
TRENGESTONE
TRENIZINE
TREOSULFAN
TREPIBUTONE
TREPIPAM
TREPIRIUM IODIDE
TREPROSTINIL
TREPTILAMINE
TREQUINSIN
TRESPERIMUS
TRESTOLONE
TRETAMINE
TRETAZICAR
TRETHINIUM TOSILATE
TRETHOCANIC ACID
TRETINOIN TOCOFERIL
TRETINOIN
TRETOQUINOL
TRIACETIN
TRIAFUNGIN
TRIAMCINOLONE
TRIAMCINOLONE BENETONIDE
TRIAMCINOLONE FURETONIDE
TRIAMCINOLONE HEXACETONIDE
TRIAMPYZINE
TRIAMTERENE
TRIAZIQUONE
TRIAZOLAM
TRIBENDILOL
TRIBENOSIDE
TRIBROMSALAN

3687-18-1
87679-37-6
87679-71-8
1197-18-8
53902-12-8
88296-62-2
721946-42-5
4047-34-1
155-09-9
104485-01-0
15421-84-8
180288-69-1
157283-68-6
58712-69-9
134234-12-1
26070-23-5
97110-59-3
19794-93-5
86365-92-6
23915-73-3
90845-56-0
180918-68-7
148998-94-1
120656-74-8
189003-92-7
123205-52-7
30910-27-1
745013-59-6
10161-33-8
5192-84-7
82190-93-0
299-75-2
41826-92-0
56030-50-3
1018-34-4
81846-19-7
58313-74-9
79855-88-2
160677-67-8
3764-87-2
51-18-3
21919-05-1
1748-43-2
7007-81-0
40516-48-1
302-79-4
30418-38-3
102-76-1
55242-77-8
124-94-7
31002-79-6
4989-94-0
5611-51-8
6503-95-3
396-01-0
68-76-8
28911-01-5
96258-13-8
10310-32-4
87-10-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

65

TRIBUZONE
TRICHLORMETHIAZIDE
TRICHLORMETHINE
TRICIRIBINE
TRICLABENDAZOLE
TRICLACETAMOL
TRICLAZATE
TRICLOBISONIUM CHLORIDE
TRICLOCARBAN
TRICLODAZOL
TRICLOFENOL PIPERAZINE
TRICLOFOS
TRICLOFYLLINE
TRICLONIDE
TRICLOSAN
TRICOSACTIDE
TRICYCLAMOL CHLORIDE
TRIDECACTIDE
TRIDIHEXETHYL IODIDE
TRIDOLGOSIR
TRIENTINE
TRIFENAGREL
TRIFEZOLAC
TRIFLOCIN
TRIFLUBAZAM
TRIFLUMIDATE
TRIFLUOMEPRAZINE
TRIFLUOPERAZINE
TRIFLUPERIDOL
TRIFLUPROMAZINE
TRIFLURIDINE
TRIFLUSAL
TRIGEVOLOL
TRIHEXYPHENIDYL
TRILETIDE
TRILOSTANE
TRIMAZOSIN
TRIMEBUTINE
TRIMECAINE
TRIMEDOXIME BROMIDE
TRIMEGESTONE
TRIMEPERIDINE
TRIMETAMIDE
TRIMETAPHAN CAMSILATE
TRIMETAZIDINE
TRIMETHADIONE
TRIMETHIDINIUM METHOSULFATE
TRIMETHOBENZAMIDE
TRIMETHOPRIM
TRIMETOZINE
TRIMETREXATE
TRIMEXILINE
TRIMIPRAMINE
TRIMOPROSTIL
TRIMOXAMINE
TRIOXIFENE
TRIOXYSALEN
TRIPALMITIN
TRIPAMIDE
TRIPARANOL

13221-27-7
133-67-5
555-77-1
35943-35-2
68786-66-3
6340-87-0
7009-76-9
79-90-3
101-20-2
56-28-0
5714-82-9
306-52-5
17243-70-8
26849-57-0
3380-34-5
20282-58-0
3818-88-0
22006-64-0
125-99-5
72741-87-8
112-24-3
84203-09-8
32710-91-1
13422-16-7
22365-40-8
24243-89-8
2622-37-9
117-89-5
749-13-3
146-54-3
70-00-8
322-79-2
76812-98-1
144-11-6
62087-96-1
13647-35-3
35795-16-5
39133-31-8
616-68-2
56-97-3
74513-62-5
64-39-1
5789-72-0
68-91-7
5011-34-7
127-48-0
7009-82-7
138-56-7
738-70-5
635-41-6
52128-35-5
58757-61-2
739-71-9
69900-72-7
15686-23-4
63619-84-1
3902-71-4
555-44-2
73803-48-2
78-41-1

TRIPELENNAMINE
TRIPLATIN TETRANITRATE
TRIPROLIDINE
TRIPTORELIN
TRITIOZINE
TRITOQUALINE
TRIXOLANE
TRIZOXIME
TROCIMINE
TROCLOSENE POTASSIUM
TRODUSQUEMINE
TROFOSFAMIDE
TROGLITAZONE
TROLEANDOMYCIN
TROLNITRATE
TROMANTADINE
TROMETAMOL
TROPABAZATE
TROPANSERIN
TROPANTIOL
TROPAPRIDE
TROPATEPINE
TROPENZILINE BROMIDE
TROPICAMIDE
TROPIGLINE
TROPIRINE
TROPISETRON
TROPLASMINOGEN ALFA
TROPODIFENE
TROQUIDAZOLE
TROSPECTOMYCIN
TROSPIUM CHLORIDE
TROVAFLOXACIN
TROVIRDINE
TROXACITABINE
TROXERUTIN
TROXIPIDE
TROXOLAMIDE
TROXONIUM TOSILATE
TROXYPYRROLIUM TOSILATE
TRUXICURIUM IODIDE
TRUXIPICURIUM IODIDE
TRYPARSAMIDE
TUAMINOHEPTANE
TUBOCURARINE CHLORIDE
TUBULOZOLE
TUCARESOL
TUCLAZEPAM
TUCOTUZUMAB CELMOLEUKIN
TULATHROMYCIN B
TULATHROMYCIN A
TULOBUTEROL
TULOPAFANT
TUROSTERIDE
TUVATIDINE
TUVIRUMAB
TYBAMATE
TYLOSIN
TYLVALOSIN
TYROMEDAN

91-81-6
172903-00-3
486-12-4
57773-63-4
35619-65-9
14504-73-5
47420-28-0
35710-57-7
14368-24-2
2244-21-5
186139-09-3
22089-22-1
97322-87-7
2751-09-9
7077-34-1
53783-83-8
77-86-1
64294-94-6
85181-40-4
189950-11-6
76352-13-1
27574-24-9
143-92-0
1508-75-4
533-08-4
19410-02-7
89565-68-4
931101-84-7
15790-02-0
108001-60-1
88669-04-9
10405-02-4
147059-72-1
149488-17-5
145918-75-8
7085-55-4
30751-05-4
97546-74-2
391-70-8
3612-98-4
4304-01-2
35515-77-6
554-72-3
123-82-0
57-94-3
84697-22-3
84290-27-7
51037-88-8
339986-90-2
280755-12-6
217500-96-4
41570-61-0
116289-53-3
137099-09-3
91257-14-6
148189-70-2
4268-36-4
1401-69-0
63409-12-1
15301-96-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

66
TYROSINE
TYROTHRICIN
UBENIMEX
UBIDECARENONE
UBISINDINE
UDENAFIL
UFENAMATE
UFIPRAZOLE
ULARITIDE
ULDAZEPAM
ULIFLOXACIN
ULIPRISNIL
ULOBETASOL
UMESPIRONE
UNOPROSTONE
UPENAZIME
UPIDOSIN
URAMUSTINE
URAPIDIL
UREDEPA
UREDOFOS
UREFIBRATE
URETHANE
UROFOLLITROPIN
UROKINASE ALFA
UROKINASE
URSODEOXYCHOLIC ACID
URSULCHOLIC ACID
URTOXAZUMAB
USTEKINUMAB
UTIBAPRIL
UTIBAPRILAT
VABICASERIN
VADIMEZAN
VADOCAINE
VALACICLOVIR
VALATEGRAST
VALCONAZOLE
VALDECOXIB
VALDETAMIDE
VALDIPROMIDE
VALGANCICLOVIR
VALINE
VALNEMULIN
VALNOCTAMIDE
VALOFANE
VALOMACICLOVIR
VALOPICITABINE
VALPERINOL
VALPROATE SEMISODIUM
VALPROATE PIVOXIL
VALPROIC ACID
VALPROMIDE
VALROCEMIDE
VALRUBICIN
VALSARTAN
VALSPODAR
VALTORCITABINE
VALTRATE
VAMICAMIDE

60-18-4
1404-88-2
58970-76-6
303-98-0
26070-78-0
268203-93-6
67330-25-0
73590-85-9
118812-69-4
28546-58-9
112984-60-8
159811-51-5
98651-66-2
107736-98-1
120373-36-6
95268-62-5
152735-23-4
66-75-1
34661-75-1
302-49-8
52406-01-6
38647-79-9
51-79-6
97048-13-0
99821-47-3
9039-53-6
128-13-2
88426-32-8
502496-16-4
815610-63-0
109683-61-6
109683-79-6
620948-93-8
117570-53-3
72005-58-4
124832-26-4
220847-86-9
56097-80-4
181695-72-7
512-48-1
52061-73-1
175865-60-8
72-18-4
101312-92-9
4171-13-5
3258-51-3
195157-34-7
640281-90-9
64860-67-9
76584-70-8
77372-61-3
99-66-1
2430-27-5
92262-58-3
56124-62-0
137862-53-4
121584-18-7
380886-95-3
18296-44-1
132373-81-0

VANCOMYCIN
VANDETANIB
VANEPRIM
VANGATALCITE
VANITIOLIDE
VANOXERINE
VANYLDISULFAMIDE
VAPALIXIMAB
VAPIPROST
VAPITADINE
VAPREOTIDE
VARDENAFIL
VARENICLINE
VARESPLADIB
VASOPRESSIN INJECTION
VATALANIB
VATANIDIPINE
VATREPTACOG ALFA (ACTIVATED)
VEBUFLOXACIN
VECURONIUM BROMIDE
VEDACLIDINE
VEDAPROFEN
VELAFERMIN
VELAGLUCERASE ALFA
VELARESOL
VELIFLAPON
VELIMOGENE ALIPLASMID
VELNACRINE
VELNEPERIT
VELTUZUMAB
VENLAFAXINE
VENRITIDINE
VEPALIMOMAB
VERADOLINE
VERALIPRIDE
VERAPAMIL
VERAZIDE
VERILOPAM
VERLUKAST
VERNAKALANT
VEROFYLLINE
VERPASEP CALTESPEN
VERSETAMIDE
VERTEPORFIN
VESNARINONE
VESTIPITANT
VETRABUTINE
VICRIVIROC
VIDARABINE
VIGABATRIN
VILAZODONE
VILDAGLIPTIN
VILOXAZINE
VIMINOL
VINBARBITAL
VINBLASTINE
VINBURNINE
VINCAMINE
VINCANOL
VINCANTRIL

1404-90-6
338992-00-0
81523-49-1
12539-23-0
17692-71-6
67469-69-6
119-85-7
336801-86-6
85505-64-2
793655-64-8
103222-11-3
224785-90-4
249296-44-4
172732-68-2
11000-17-2
212141-54-3
116308-55-5
897936-89-9
79644-90-9
50700-72-6
141575-50-0
71109-09-6
697766-75-9
884604-91-5
77858-21-0
128253-31-6
296251-72-4
112964-98-4
342577-38-2
728917-18-8
93413-69-5
93064-63-2
195158-85-1
79201-80-2
66644-81-3
52-53-9
93-47-0
68318-20-7
120443-16-5
794466-70-9
66172-75-6
295371-00-5
129009-83-2
129497-78-5
81840-15-5
334476-46-9
3735-45-3
306296-47-9
5536-17-4
60643-86-9
163521-12-8
274901-16-5
46817-91-8
21363-18-8
125-42-8
865-21-4
4880-88-0
1617-90-9
19877-89-5
65285-58-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

67

VINCOFOS
VINCONATE
VINCRISTINE
VINDEBURNOL
VINDESINE
VINEPIDINE
VINFLUNINE
VINFORMIDE
VINFOSILTINE
VINGLYCINATE
VINLEUCINOL
VINLEUROSINE
VINMEGALLATE
VINORELBINE
VINPOCETINE
VINPOLINE
VINROSIDINE
VINTIAMOL
VINTOPEROL
VINTRIPTOL
VINYLBITAL
VINZOLIDINE
VIOMYCIN
VIPROSTOL
VIQUALINE
VIQUIDACIN
VIQUIDIL
VIRGINIAMYCIN
VIRIDOFULVIN
VIROXIME
VISILIZUMAB
VISNADINE
VISNAFYLLINE
VISTATOLON
VOCLOSPORIN
VOFOPITANT
VOGLIBOSE
VOLAZOCINE
VOLINASERIN
VOLOCIXIMAB
VOLPRISTIN
VORICONAZOLE
VORINOSTAT
VOROZOLE
VOTUCALIS
VOTUMUMAB
VOXERGOLIDE
WARFARIN
XALIPRODEN
XAMOTEROL
XANOMELINE
XANOXIC ACID
XANTHIOL
XANTIFIBRATE
XANTINOL NICOTINATE
XANTOCILLIN
XANTOFYL PALMITATE
XEMILOFIBAN
XENALIPIN
XENAZOIC ACID

17196-88-2
70704-03-9
57-22-7
74709-54-9
53643-48-4
68170-69-4
162652-95-1
54022-49-0
123286-00-0
865-24-7
81571-28-0
23360-92-1
83482-77-3
71486-22-1
42971-09-5
57694-27-6
15228-71-4
26242-33-1
106498-99-1
81600-06-8
2430-49-1
67699-40-5
32988-50-4
73647-73-1
72714-74-0
904302-98-3
84-55-9
11006-76-1
1405-00-1
72301-78-1
219716-33-3
477-32-7
17243-56-0
54182-61-5
515814-01-4
168266-90-8
83480-29-9
15686-68-7
139290-65-6
558480-40-3
21102-49-8
137234-62-9
149647-78-9
129731-10-8
872525-61-6
148189-70-2
89651-00-3
81-81-2
135354-02-8
81801-12-9
131986-45-3
33459-27-7
14008-71-0
36921-54-7
437-74-1
580-74-5
547-17-1
149820-74-6
84392-17-6
1174-11-4

XENBUCIN
XENIPENTONE
XENON (133 XE)
XENTHIORATE
XENYGLOXAL
XENYHEXENIC ACID
XENYSALATE
XENYTROPIUM BROMIDE
XIBENOLOL
XIBORNOL
XIDECAFLUR
XILOBAM
XIMELAGATRAN
XIMOPROFEN
XINIDAMINE
XINOMILINE
XIPAMIDE
XIPRANOLOL
XORPHANOL
XYLAMIDINE TOSILATE
XYLAZINE
XYLOCOUMAROL
XYLOMETAZOLINE
XYLOXEMINE
YOHIMBIC ACID
YTTRIUM (90Y) TACATUZUMAB

TETRAXETAN (YTTRIUM (90Y)
TACATUZUMAB)

ZABICIPRIL
ZABICIPRILAT
ZABOFLOXACIN
ZACOPRIDE
ZAFIRLUKAST
ZAFULEPTINE
ZALCITABINE
ZALDARIDE
ZALEPLON
ZALOSPIRONE
ZALTIDINE
ZALTOPROFEN
ZALUTUMUMAB
ZAMIFENACIN
ZANAMIVIR
ZANAPEZIL
ZANKIREN
ZANOLIMUMAB
ZANOTERONE
ZAPIZOLAM
ZAPRINAST
ZARDAVERINE
ZATEBRADINE
ZATOSETRON
ZELANDOPAM
ZENARESTAT
ZENIPLATIN
ZEPASTINE
ZERANOL
ZETIDOLINE
ZIBOTENTAN
ZICONITIDE

959-10-4
55845-78-8
14932-42-4
7009-79-2
2673-23-6
964-82-9
3572-52-9
511-55-7
81584-06-7
13741-18-9
207916-33-4
50528-97-7
192939-46-1
56187-89-4
50264-78-3
52832-91-4
14293-44-8
19179-78-3
77287-89-9
6443-40-9
7361-61-7
15301-97-0
526-36-3
1600-19-7
522-87-2

476413-07-7

83059-56-7
90103-92-7
219680-11-2
90182-92-6
107753-78-6
59209-97-1
7481-89-2
109826-26-8
151319-34-5
114298-18-9
85604-00-8
89482-00-8
667901-13-5
127308-82-1
139110-80-8
142852-50-4
138742-43-5
652153-01-0
107000-34-0
64098-32-4
37762-06-4
101975-10-4
85175-67-3
123482-22-4
139233-53-7
112733-06-9
111490-36-9
28810-23-3
26538-44-3
51940-78-4
186497-07-4
107452-89-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

68
ZIDAPAMIDE
ZIDOMETACIN
ZIDOVUDINE
ZIFROSILONE
ZILANTEL
ZILASCORB (2 H)
ZILEUTON
ZILPATEROL
ZIMELDINE
ZIMIDOBEN
ZINDOTRINE
ZINDOXIFENE
ZINOCONAZOLE
ZINOSTATIN
ZINOSTATIN STIMALAMER
ZINTEROL
ZINVIROXIME
ZIPEPROL
ZIPRASIDONE
ZIRALIMUMAB
ZOCAINONE
ZOFENOPRIL
ZOFENOPRILAT
ZOFICONAZOLE
ZOLAMINE
ZOLASARTAN
ZOLAZEPAM

75820-08-5
62851-43-8
30516-87-1
132236-18-1
22012-72-2
122431-96-3
111406-87-2
117827-79-9
56775-88-3
90697-56-6
56383-05-2
86111-26-4
84697-21-2
9014-02-2
123760-07-6
37000-20-7
72301-78-1
34758-83-3
146939-27-7

68876-74-4
81872-10-8
75176-37-3
71097-23-9
553-13-9
145781-32-4
31352-82-6

ZOLEDRONIC ACID
ZOLENZEPINE
ZOLERTINE
ZOLIMIDINE
ZOLIMOMAB ARITOX
ZOLIPROFEN
ZOLMITRIPTAN
ZOLOPERONE
ZOLPIDEM
ZOMEBAZAM
ZOMEPIRAC
ZONAMPANEL
ZONICLEZOLE
ZONIPORIDE
ZONISAMIDE
ZOPICLONE
ZOPOLRESTAT
ZORUBICIN
ZOSUQUIDAR
ZOTAROLIMUS
ZOTEPINE
ZOTICASONE
ZOXAZOLAMINE
ZUCAPSAICIN
ZUCLOMIFENE
ZUCLOPENTHIXOL
ZYLOFURAMINE

118072-93-8
78208-13-6
4004-94-8
1222-57-7
141483-72-9
56355-17-0
139264-17-8
52867-74-0
82626-48-0
78466-70-3
33369-31-2
210245-80-0
121929-20-2
241800-98-6
68291-97-4
43200-80-2
110703-94-1
54083-22-6
167354-41-8
221877-54-9
26615-21-4
678160-57-1
61-80-3
25775-90-0
15690-55-8
53772-83-1
3563-92-6

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

69

Table 2.
Salts, esters and hydrates of the products enumerated in table 1 above that contain in their names any of the prefixes or suffixes listed below
shall also be entered free of duty under general note 13 to the tariff schedule, provided that any such salt, ester or hydrate is classifiable in
the same 6-digit tariff provision as the relevant product enumerated in table 1. For purposes of the tariff schedule, any reference to a product
covered by this table includes such product by whatever name known.

(PIVALOYLOXY)METHYL HYDROCHLORIDE
(PIVALOYLOXY)METHYL
1-PYRROLIDINEETHANOL
1-ACETOXYETHYL
1,2-ETHANEDISULFONATE
1,2-ETHANEDISULPHONATE
1,5-NAPHTHALENEDISULPHONATE
1,5-NAPHTHALENEDISULFONATE
2-NAPHTHALENESULPHONATE
2-(4-HYDROXYBENZOYL)BENZOATE
2-NAPHTHALENESULFONATE
2-HYDROXYETHANESULFONATE
2-HYDROXYETHANESULPHONATE
4-OXOPENTANOATE
4-METHYLBICYCLO[2.2.2]OCT-2-ENE-1-CARBOXYLATE
4-AMINOSALICYLATE
4,4'-METHYLENEBIS(3-HYDROXY-2-NAPHTHOATE)
8-CHLOROTHEOPHYLLINATE
ACEFURATE
ACEGLUMATE
ACEPONATE
ACETATE
ACETOFENIDE
ACETONIDE
ACETURATE
ACETYLSALICYLATE
ACIBUTATE
ACISTRATE
ACOXIL
ADIPATE
ALANETIL
ALANINATE
ALAPIVOXIL
ALDIFITOX
ALFOSCERATE
ALIDEXIMER
ALLYL IODIDE
ALLYL
ALLYL BROMIDE
ALUMINIUM
AMINOSALICYLATE
AMMONIUM
AMMONIUM FUSIDATE
AMSONATE
ANISATIL
ANTIPYRATE
ARBAMEL
ARGINE
ARGININE
ARITOX
ARITOX
ASCORBATE
ASPART
ASPARTATE

AXETIL
BARBITURATE
BENETONIDE
BENZATHINE
BENZENESULFONATE
BENZENESULPHONATE
BENZOACETATE
BENZOATE
BENZYL
BENZYL IODIDE
BENZYL BROMIDE
BESILATE
BESUDOTOX
BESYLATE
BEZOMIL
BIQUINATE
BIS(HYDROGEN MALEATE)
BIS(HYDROGEN MALONATE)
BIS(HYDROGEN MALATE)
BIS(PHOSPHATE)
BISMUTH
BITARTRATE
BORATE
BROMIDE
BUCICLATE
BUNAPSILATE
BUTEPRATE
BUTYL ESTER
BUTYL
BUTYLATE
BUTYLBROMIDE
BUTYRATE
CALCIUM CHLORIDE
CALCIUM DIHYDRATE
CALCIUM
CAMPHOR-10-SULPHONATE
CAMPHOR-10-SULFONATE
CAMPHORATE
CAMPHORSULFONATE
CAMPHORSULPHONATE
CAMSILATE
CAMSYLATE
CAPROATE
CARBAMATE
CARBESILATE
CARBONATE
CERIBATE
CHLORIDE
CHOLINE
CICLOTATE
CILEXETIL
CINNAMATE
CIPECILATE
CIPIONATE

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

70
CITRATE
CITUXETAN
CLOFIBROL
CLOSILATE
CLOSYLATE
CROBEFATE
CROMACATE
CROMESILATE
CROSFUMARIL
CYCLAMATE
CYCLOHEXANEPROPIONATE
CYCLOHEXYLAMINE
CYCLOHEXYLAMMONIUM
CYCLOHEXYLPROPIONATE
CYCLOPENTANEPROPIONATE
CYCLOTATE
CYPIONATE
D-TARTRATE
D-TARTARIC ACID
DALANATED
DALOXATE
DAPROPATE
DAROPATE
DEANIL
DECANOATE
DECIL
DEFALAN
DETEMIR
DIACETATE
DIAMMONIUM
DIBENZOATE
DIBUDINATE
DIBUNATE
DIBUTYRATE
DICHOLINE
DICIBATE
DICYCLOHEXYLAMINE
DICYCLOHEXYLAMMONIUM
DIETHANOLAMINE
DIETHYLAMINE
DIETHYLAMMONIUM
DIFTITOX
DIFUMARATE
DIFUROATE
DIGOLIL
DIHYDRATE
DIHYDROBROMIDE
DIHYDROCHLORIDE
DIHYDROCHLORIDE PHOSPHATE
DIHYDROGEN CITRATE
DIHYDROGEN PHOSPHATE
DIHYDROXYBENZOATE
DIMALATE
DIMALEATE
DIMALONATE
DIMESILATE
DINITRATE
DINITROBENZOATE
DIOLAMINE
DIOXIDE

DIPHOSPHATE
DIPIVOXIL
DIPROPIONATE
DISODIUM PHOSPHATE
DISODIUM
DISOPROXIL
DISULFATE
DISULFIDE
DISULPHATE
DISULPHIDE
DIUNDECANOATE
DOCOSIL
DOFOSFATE
ECAMATE
EDAMINE
EDISILATE
EDISYLATE
EMBONATE
ENACARBIL
ENANTATE
ENANTHATE
ENBUTATE
EPOLAMINE
ERBUMINE
ESILATE
ESTAFENATOX
ESTOLATE
ESYLATE
ETABONATE
ETEXILATE
ETHANESULFONATE
ETHANESULPHONATE
ETHANOLAMINE
ETHOBROMIDE
ETHYL ESTER
ETHYL IODIDE
ETHYL
ETHYLAMINE
ETHYLAMMONIUM
ETHYLBROMIDE
ETHYLENANTATE
ETHYLENEDIAMINE
ETHYLHEXANOATE
ETHYLSUCCINATE
ETILSULFATE
FARNESIL
FENDIZOATE
FERROUS CITRATE
FERROUS
FLUORIDE
FLUOROSULFONATE
FLUOROSULPHONATE
FORMATE
FORMATE SODIUM
FOSAMIL
FOSFATEX
FOSTEDATE
FUMARATE
FURETONIDE
FUROATE

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

71

GADOLINIUM
GAMOLENATE
GLARGINE
GLUCARATE
GLUCEPTATE
GLUCOHEPTONATE
GLUCONATE
GLUCOSIDE
GLUCURONIDE
GLUISINE
GLUTAMER
GLYCOLATE
GLYOXYLATE
GOLD
GUACIL
GUANIDINE
HEMIHYDRATE
HEMISUCCINATE
HEMISULFATE
HEMISULPHATE
HEPTAHYDRATE
HEPTANOATE
HEXAACETATE
HEXACETONIDE
HEXAHYDRATE
HEXANOATE
HIBENZATE
HIPPURATE
HYBENZATE
HYCLATE
HYDRATE
HYDROBROMIDE
HYDROCHLORIDE DIHYDRATE
HYDROCHLORIDE
HYDROCHLORIDE HEMIHYDRATE
HYDROCHLORIDE PHOSPHATE
HYDROCHLORIDE MONOHYDRATE
HYDROGEN SUCCINATE
HYDROGEN SULPHATE
HYDROGEN OXALATE
HYDROGEN
HYDROGEN SULFITE
HYDROGEN SULPHITE
HYDROGEN MALONATE
HYDROGEN MALEATE
HYDROGEN FUMARATE
HYDROGEN EDISILATE
HYDROGEN SULFATE
HYDROGEN MALATE
HYDROGEN TARTRATE
HYDROXIDE
HYDROXYBENZOATE
HYDROXYNAPHTHOATE
HYDROXYNAPHTHOATE
IODIDE
IODINE-131
IRON CHLORIDE
ISETHIONATE
ISETIONATE
ISOBUTYRATE

ISOCAPROATE
ISONICOTINATE
ISOPHTHALATE
ISOPROPIONATE
ISOPROPYL
L-TARTRATE
LACTATE
LACTOBIONATE
LAURATE
LAURIL
LAURILSULFATE
LAURYLSULPHATE
LEVULINATE
LISETIL
LISICOL
LISPRO
LITHIUM
LUTETIUM
LYSINATE
LYSINE
MAFENATOX
MAGNESIUM
MALATE
MALEATE
MALONATE
MANDELATE
MEDOCARIL
MEDOXOMIL
MEGALLATE
MEGLUMINE
MERPENTAN
MERTANSINE
MESILATE
MESYLATE
METEMBONATE
METHANESULFONATE
METHANESULPHONATE
METHILSULFATE
METHONITRATE
METHYL ESTER
METHYLBROMIDE
METHYLENEDISALICYLATE
METHYLIODIDE
METHYLSULFATE
METHYLSULPHATE
METIODIDE
MOFETIL
MONOBENZOATE
MONOHYDRATE
MONOHYDROCHLORIDE
MONONITRATE
MUCATE
N-ACETYLGLYCINATE
N-CYCLOHEXYLSULPHAMATE
N-CYCLOHEXYLSULFAMATE
N-METHYLGLUCAMINE
N-OXIDE HYDROCHLORIDE
NAFATE
NAPADISILATE
NAPADISYLATE

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

72
NAPSILATE
NAPSYLATE
NICOTINATE
NITRATE
NITROBENZOATE
N,N-DIMETHYL- -ALANINE
N,N-DIMETHYL-ß-ALANINE
o-(4-HYDROXYBENZOYL)BENZOATE
OCTIL
OLAMINE
OLEATE
OROTATE
ORTHOPHOSPHATE
OXALATE
OXIDE
OXOGLURATE
P-TOLUENESULFONATE
P-CHLOROBENZENESULPHONATE
P-CHLOROBENZENESULFONATE
P-TOLUENESULPHONATE
PALMITATE
PALMITATE HYDROCHLORIDE
PAMOATE
PANTOTHENATE
PANTOTHENATE SULFATE
PANTOTHENATE SULPHATE
PAPTOX
PEGOL
PENDETIDE
PENTAHYDRATE
PENTEXIL
PERCHLORATE
PHENYLPROPIONATE
PHOSPHATE
PHOSPHITE
PHTHALATE
PICRATE
PIVALATE
PIVOXETIL
PIVOXIL HYDROCHLORIDE
PIVOXIL
PLACARBIL
POLIGLUMEX
POTASSIUM
POTASSIUM SULFATE
POTASSIUM SULPHATE
PROPIONATE DODECYL SULPHATE
PROPIONATE
PROPIONATE LAURYL SULPHATE
PROPIONATE LAURYL SULFATE
PROPIONATE DODECYL SULFATE
PROPYL ESTER
PROPYL
PROXETIL
PYRIDYLACETATE
QUINATE
R-CAMPHORSULFONATE
R-CAMPHORSULFONATE
RAFFIMER
RESINATE

S-CAMPHORSULFONATE
S-CAMPHORSULFONATE
SACCHARATE
SALICYLATE
SALICYLOYLACETATE
SEPTAHYDRATE
SESQUIHYDRATE
SESQUIOLEATE
SODIUM 3-SULPHOBENZOATE
SODIUM SULFATE
SODIUM SUCCINATE
SODIUM PHOSPHATE
SODIUM MONOHYDRATE
SODIUM 3-SULFOBENZOATE
SODIUM METHANESULPHONATE
SODIUM LAURYL SULPHATE
SODIUM
SODIUM HYDROGEN PHOSPHATE
SODIUM LAURIL SULPHATE
SODIUM LAURIL SULFATE
SODIUM LAURYL SULFATE
SODIUM SULFOBENZOATE
SODIUM HYDRATE
SODIUM METHANESULFONATE
SODIUM SULPHATE
SODIUM SULPHOBENZOATE
SOPROXIL
STEAGLATE
STEARATE
STINOPRATE
SUCCINATE
SUCCINIL
SUCCINYL
SUDOTOX
SULEPTANATE
SULFATE
SULFINATE
SULFITE
SULFOSALICYLATE
SULFOXYLATE
SULPHATE
SULPHINATE
SULPHITE
SULPHOSALICYLATE
t-BUTYL ACETATE
t-BUTYL ESTER
t-BUTYL
TAFENATOX
TANNATE
TARTRATE
TEBUTATE
TENOATE
TEOCLATE
TEPROSILATE
tert-BUTYL ACETATE
tert-BUTYL ESTER
tertiary BUTYL ACETATE
tertiary BUTYLAMINE
tertiary BUTYL ESTER
TETRADECYL HYDROGEN PHOSPHATE

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

73

TETRAHYDRATE
TETRAHYDROPHTHALATE
TETRAISOPROPYL
TETRASODIUM
TETRAXETAN
THEOCLATE
THIOCYANATE
TIDOXIL
TIUXETAN
TOCOFERIL
TOFESILATE
TOSILATE
TOSYLATE
TRICLOFENATE
TRIETHANOLAMINE
TRIFLUOROACETATE
TRIFLUTATE
TRIHYDRATE

TRIIODIDE
TRIMETHYLACETATE
TRINITRATE
TRIOLEATE
TRIPALMITATE
TRISTEARATE
TROLAMINE
TROMETAMOL
TROMETHAMINE
TROXUNDATE
UNDEC-10-ENOATE
UNDECANOATE
UNDECYLATE
UNDECYLENATE
VALERATE
XINOFOATE
ZINC

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

74
Table 3.
This table enumerates further products which shall be entered free of duty under general note 13 to the tariff schedule. The Chemical Abstracts
Service CAS registry numbers also set forth in this table are included to assist in the identification of the products concerned. For purposes
of the tariff schedule, any references to a product enumerated in this table includes such product by whatever name known.

Product Name

(-)-α-(Chloroformyl)benzylammonium chloride
(+)-(3S,4S)-1-(Aminomethyl)-3,4-dimethylcyclopentaneacetic acid
(+)-(S)-1-Phenyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline
(α-D-Glucopyranosylthio)gold
(αR,βS)-β-methyl-α-phenyl-1-pyrrolidineethanol hydrochloride
(1aR,10bS)-1,1-difluoro-1,1,1a,6,10b-tetrahydrodibenzo[a,e]cyclopropa[c]cyclohepten-6-ol
(1R)-1-Hydroxy-1-(3-hydroxyphenyl)-2-propanone
(1R)-1-[1-(4-chlorophenyl)cyclobutyl]-3-methylbutan-1-amine with (2S,3S)-2,3-dihydroxysuccinic acid
(1R)-1-[3,5-Bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethanol
(1R)-1-[3,5-Bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethanol as a solution in acetonitrile
(1R)-2-(tert-butylamino)-1-[4-(benzyloxy)-3-(hydroxymethyl)phenyl]ethanol
(1R,2R)-2-Amino-1-(4-methylsulfonylphenyl)propane-1,3-diol hydrochloride
(1R,2R)-2-Amino-1-(4-methylsulfonylphenyl)propane-1,3-diol
(1R,2R,3S)-9-[2,3-Bis(benzoyloxymethyl)cyclobutyl-6-iodo-9H-purin-2-ylamine
(1R,2R,3S)-2-Amino-9-[2,3-bis(benzoyloxymethyl)cyclobutyl]-9H-purin-6-one
(1R,2S,3S,6R)-[(S)-1-Phenylethyl]-3,6-epoxytetrahydrophthalimide
(1R,2S,5R)-Menthyl (2R,5S)-5-(4-amino-2-oxo-1,2-dihydropyrimidin-1-yl)-1,3-oxathiolane-2-carboxylate
(1R,2S,5R)-Menthyl (2R,5R)-5-hydroxy-1,3-oxathiolane-2-carboxylate
(1R,4S)-1-Azabicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-3-one
(1R,4S)-2-Azabicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-3-one
(1R,5R)-2-(3-Benzyl-7-oxo-4-thia-2,6-diaza-bicyclo[3.2.0]hept-2-en-6-yl)-3-methyl -but-2-enoic acid 4-nitrobenzyl ester
(1R,5R,6R)-5-(1-Ethylpropoxy)-7-aza-bicyclo[4.1.0]hept-3-ene-3-carboxylic acid ethyl ester
(1R,5S)-2-(hydroxymethyl)-5-(dimethyl(phenyl)silyl)cyclopent-2-enecarboxylic acid, compound with (1R,2R)-2-amino-1-(4-nitrophenyl)-

1,3-propanediol (1:1)

(1RS,2RS,3RS)-2,3-Bis(benzoyloxymethyl)cyclobutanol
(1RS,2RS,3SR)-2,3-Bis(benzoyloxymethyl)cyclobutylamine
(1S)-2-Methyl-2,5-diazabicyclo[2.2.1]heptane dihydrobromide
(1S)-1-phenyl-1-propanamine
(1S)-1-[1-(4-Chlorophenyl)cyclobutyl]-3-methylbutan-1-amine with (2S,3S)-2,3-dihydroxysuccinic acid
(1S)-1-[3-[(E)-2-(7-Chloro-2-quinolinyl)ethenyl]phenyl]-3-[2-(1-hydroxy-1-methylethyl)phenyl]-1-propanol
(1S,2R)-1-Aminoindan-2-ol
(1S,2S,3R,4S,7R,9S,10S,12R,15S)-4,12-bis(acetyloxy)-15-({(2R,3S)-3-(benzolylamino)-2-[(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosa-

4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoyloxy]-3-phenylpropan oyl}oxy)-1,9-dihydroxy-10,14,17,17-tetramethyl-11-oxo-6- oxatetracy-
clo[11.3.1.03,10.04,7]heptadec-13-en-2-yl benzoate

(1S,2S,3S)-2,3-Bis(benzoyloxymethyl)cyclobutanol
(1S,2S,3S,5S)-5-(2-amino-6-(benzyloxy)-9H-purin-9-yl)-2-((benzyloxy)methyl)-1-(hydroxymethyl)-3-(dimethyl(phenyl)silyl)cyclopentanol
(1S,3S,4S)-1-Azabicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-3-ol
(1S,4R)-1-Azabicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-3-one O[(Z)-(3-methoxyphenyl)ethynyl]oxime--maleic acid (1:1)
(1S,4R)-4-Hydroxycyclopent-2-en-1-yl acetate
(1S,5R,6S)-5-(1-Ethylpropoxy)-7-oxabicyclo[4.1.0]hept-3-ene-3-carboxylic acid ethyl ester
(2-Formamido-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)glyoxylic acid
(2-Chloroethyl)diisopropylamine hydrochloride
(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)acetic acid
(2-Butyl-1H-imidazol-5-yl)methanol
(2-Chlorophenyl)acetic acid
(2-Ethyl-6-trifluoromethyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-quinolin-4-yl)-carbamic acid methyl ester
(2-Mercapto-4-methyl-thiazol-5-yl)acetic acid
(2-oxo-1-phenylpyrrolidin-3-yl)(triphenyl)phosphonium bromide
(2,3-Dihydrobenzofuran-5-yl)acetic acid
(25S)-25-cyclohexyl-5-demethoxy-25-de(1-methylpropyl)-22,23-dihydro-5-oxoavermectin A1a
(25S)-25-cyclohexyl-5-O-demethyl-25-de(1-methylpropyl)-22,23-dihydroavermectin A1a
(2,6-Dimethylphenoxy)acetic acid
(2E)-3-[4-(4-fluorophenyl)-2,6-diisopropyl-5-(methoxymethyl)-3-pyridinyl]-2-propenal

CAS Number

39878-87-0
223445-75-8
118864-75-8
12192-57-3
210558-66-0
167155-76-2
82499-20-5
259729-93-6
127852-28-2
127852-28-2
174607-68-2
56724-21-1
51458-28-7
156126-89-3
156126-53-3

147027-10-9
147126-62-3
142034-97-7
79200-56-9
192049-49-3
204255-02-7

649761-22-8

127759-90-4
151807-53-3
125224-62-6
3789-59-1
389056-74-0
287930-77-2
126456-43-7

199796-52-6

132294-16-7
649761-23-9
142034-92-2
180050-34-4
60176-77-4
204254-96-6
64987-06-0
4261-68-1
29676-71-9
68283-19-2
2444-36-2
474645-93-7
34272-64-5
148776-18-5
69999-16-2
220119-16-4
142680-85-1
13335-71-2
177964-68-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

75

CAS Number

(2R)-4-Methyl-2-[(S)-2,2-dimethyl-5-oxo-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]valeric acid
(2R)-1-{4-[(1aR,10bS)-1,1-difluoro-1,1a,6,10b-tetrahydrodibenzo[a,e]cyclopropa[c]cyclohepten-6-yl]-1-piperazinyl}-3-(5-quinolinyloxy)-

2-propanol trihydrochloride

(2R)-2-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxyethanoic acid
(2R)-2-Amino-2-phenylacetamide
(2R)-2-aminopropan-1-ol
(2R)-2-[[(1R)-1-[3,5-Bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethyl]oxy]-4-(phenylmethyl)-3-morpholinone
(2R,3R)-4,5-Bis(mesyloxy)butane-2,3-diol
(2R,3R)-2-[(Benzoyloxy)methyl]-4,4-difluoro-5-oxotetrahydrofuranyl benzoate
(2R,3R,4R,5S)-2-(hydroxymethyl)-3,4,5-piperidonetriol
(2R,3R,4S)-4-(1,3-Benzodioxol-5-yl)-3-(ethoxycarbonyl)-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)pyrrolidinium (2S)-hydroxy(phenyl)acetate
(2R,3S)-2-[(1R)-1-[3,5-bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethoxy]-3-(4-fluorophenyl)morpholine hydrochloride
(2R,3S,5S)-2-{[bis(4-methoxyphenyl)(phenyl)methoxy]methyl}-5-[2-(isobutyrylamino)-6-oxo-1,6-dihydro-9H-purin-9-yl]tetrahydrofuranyl

2-cyanoethyldiisopropylamidophosphite

(2R,3S,5S)-2-{[bis(4-methoxyphenyl)(phenyl)methoxy]methyl}-5-(5-methyl-2,4-dioxo-3,4-dihydro-1(2H)-pyrimidinyl)tetrahydrofuranyl

2-cyanoethyldiisopropylamidophosphite

(2R,3S,5S)-5-(4-(Benzoylamino)-2-oxo-1(2H)-pyrimidinyl)-2-{[bis(4-methoxyphenyl)(phenyl)methoxy]methyl}tetrahydrofuranyl 2-cyanoethyl

diisopropylamidophosphite

(2R,3S,5S)-5-[6-(Benzoylamino)-9H-purin-9-yl]-2-{[bis(4-methoxyphenyl)(phenyl)methoxy]methyl}tetrahydrofuranyl 2-cyanoethyldiiso-

propylamidophosphite

(2R,4αR,7R,8S,8αR)-7,8-bis(benzyloxy)hexahydro-2-methylpyrano[3,2-d][1,3]dioxin-6-ol
(2R,4R)-4-(2,6-Diamino-9H-purin-9-yl)-1,3-dioxolan-2-ylmethanol
(2R,4S)-2-Benzyl-5-[2-(tert-butylcarbamoyl)-4-(3-pyridylmethyl)piperazin-1-yl]-4-hydroxy-N-[(1S,2R)-2-hydroxyindan-1-yl]valeramide
(2R,5S)-4-Amino-5-fluoro-1-[2-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3-oxathiolan-5-yl]pyrimidin-2(1H)-one
(2RS,3SR)-2-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-3-(5-fluoropyrimidin-4-yl)-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butan-
(2RS,3SR)-3-(6-chloro-5-fluoro-4-pyrimidinyl)-2-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-2-butanol hydrochloride
(2S)-1-(3-Acetylthio-2-methyl-1-oxopropyl)-L-proline
(2S)-2-Amino-3-hydroxy-N-pentylpropionamide--oxalic acid (1:1)
(2S)-N-[(R)-1-(1,3-Benzodioxol-5-yl)butyl]-3,3-diethyl-2-{4-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)-carbonyl]phenoxy}-4-oxoazetidine-1-carboxamide
(2S)-1-{(2S)-2-[(methoxycarbonyl)amino]-3-methylbutanoyl}tetrahydro-1H-pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid
(2S)-2-({3[(tert-butoxycarbonyl)amino]-2,2-dimethylpropanoyl}oxy)-4-methylpentanoic acid
(2S)-2-[(S)-(2-ethoxyphenoxy)(phenyl)methyl]morpholine
(2S)-2-[(S)-(2-Ethoxyphenoxy)(phenyl)methyl]morpholine compound with butanedioic acid
(2S)-3-chloropropane-1,2-diol
(2S)-3-Methyl-2-(2-oxotetrahydropyrimidin-1(2H)-yl)butanoic acid
(2S)-Cyclohexyl(hydroxy)phenylacetic acid
(2S)-hydroxy(phenyl)acetic acid compound with (1R)-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-1-methylethylamine (1:1)
(2S)-hydroxy(phenyl)ethanoic acid compound with (1S)-3-(dimethylamino)-1-(2-thienyl)-1-propanol (1:1)
(2S)-Tetrahydrofuran-2-carboxylic acid
(2S-3R)-4-Dimethylamino-3-methyl-1,2-diphenylbutan-2-ol in the form of a solution in toluene
(2S,3R)-4-Dimethylamino-3-methyl-1,2-diphenylbutan-2-ol
(2S,3S)-3-Methyl-2-(3-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1,2-benzisothiazol-2-yl)valeric acid
(2S,3S)-3-(tert-Butoxycarbonylamino)-2-hydroxy-4-phenylbutyric acid
(2S,3S)-2,3-Bis(benzoyloxymethyl)cyclobutanone
(2S,3S)-3-Amino-2-ethoxy-N-nitropiperidine-1-carboxamidine hydrochloride
(2S,3S)-3-hydroxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2,3-dihydro-1,5-benzothiazepin-4(5H)-one
(2S,3S)-3-Amino-2-hydroxy-4-phenyl-butyric acid
(2S,3S)-3-amino-2-methyl-4-oxoazetidine-1-sulfonic acid
(2S,4S)-4-phenylpyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid
(3-Ethynylphenyl)[6,7-bis(2-methoxyethoxy)quinazolin-4-yl]amine hydrochloride
(3-Chloro-4-fluorophenyl)[7-methoxy-6-(3-morpholinopropoxy)quinazolin-4-yl]amine
(3-Amino-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)-2-thienylmethanone
(3αR, 4R, 5R, 6aαS)-5-Hydroxy-4-[(3R)-3-hydroxy-5-phenylpentyl]hexahydro-2H-cyclopenta[b]furan-2-one
(3aR,4bS,4R,4aS,5aS)-4-(5,5-Dimethyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl)hexahydrocyclopropa[3,4]cyclopenta[1,2-b]furan-2(3H)-one
(3aR,4R,5R,6aS)-4-Formyl-2-oxohexahydro-2H-cyclopenta[b]furan-5-yl benzoate
(3aS,6aR)-1,3-Dibenzyl-2,3,3a,4,6,6a-hexahydro-1H-furo[3,4-d]imidazole-2,4-dione
(3aS,8aR)-3-[(2R,4S)-2-Benzyl-4,5-epoxyvaleryl]-2,2-dimethyl-3,3a,8,8a-tetrahydro-2H-indenol[1,2-d]oxazole

157518-70-2

167465-36-3

52950-18-2
6485-67-2
35320-23-1
287930-75-0
1947-62-2
122111-01-7
19130-96-2
195708-14-6
171482-05-6

93183-15-4

98796-51-1

102212-98-6

98796-53-3

471863-88-4
145514-04-1
150378-17-9
143491-57-0

188416-20-8
64838-55-7
153758-31-7
157341-41-8
181827-47-4
186193-10-2
98819-76-2
635724-55-9
60827-45-4
192725-50-1
20585-34-6
188690-84-8
287737-72-8
87392-07-2
38345-66-3
38345-66-3
177785-47-6
116661-86-0
132294-16-7
180250-77-5
42399-49-5
62023-62-5
80082-65-1
96314-26-0
183319-69-9
184475-35-2
96219-87-3
145667-75-0
39521-49-8
39746-01-5
28092-62-8
158512-24-4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

76
Product Name

(3aS,9aS,9bR)-3a-Methyl-6-[2-(2,5,5-trimethyl-1,3-dioxan-2-yl)ethyl]-1,2,4,5,8,9,9a,9b-octahydro-3aH-cyclopenta[a]naphthalene-3,7-

dione

(3R, 4S)-rel-3-(Acetyloxy)-4-phenyl-2-azetidinone
(3R)-3-[(S)-1-(Methylamino)ethyl]pyrrolidone
(3R)-3-Aminopentanenitrile, monomethanesulfonate
(3R)-N-methyl-3-phenyl-3-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]-1-propanamine hydrochloride
(3R,4R,5S)-4-Acetylamino-5-azido-3-(1-ethylpropoxy)cyclohex-1-enecarboxylic acid ethyl ester
(3R,4S)-3-Hydroxy-4-phenylazetidin-2-one
(3R,4S,5R)-3,4,5-Trihydroxy-1-cyclohexene-1-carboxylic acid
(3R,4S,5R)-5-Azido-3-(1-ethylpropoxy)-4-hydroxy-cyclohex-1-enecarboxylic acid ethyl ester
(3S)-2,2-Dimethyl-4-[4-(4-pyridyloxy)phenylsulfonyl]-1,4-thiazinane-3-carboxylic acid
(3S)-1-(tert-Butoxycarbonyl)-3-(tert-butylcarbamoyl)piperazine
(3S)-2,2-Dimethyl-1,4-thiazinane-3-carboxylic acid
(3S)-Tetrahydrofuran-3-yl(1S,2R)-3-[(4-aminophenylsulfonyl)(isobutyl)amino]-1-benzyl-2-hydroxypropylcarbamate
(3S)-3-{2-[(Methylsulfonyl)oxy]ethoxy}-4-(trityloxy)butyl methanesulfonate

(3S)-3-{2-[(Methylsulfonyl)oxy]ethoxy}-4-(trityloxy)butyl methanesulfonate in the form of a solution in N,N-dimethyl-Formamide

(3S,10R,16S)-10-(3-Chloro-4-methoxybenzyl)-3-isobutyl-6,6-dimethyl-16-{(1S)-1-[(2R,3R)-3-phenyloxiranyl]ethyl}-1,4,dioxa-8,11,di-

azacyclohexadec-13-ene-2,5,9,12-tetrone

(3S,4aS,8aR)-N-tert-Butyldecahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxamide
(3S,4aS,8aS)-N-(tert-Butyl)-2-[(2S,3S)-2-hydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-2-methylbenzamido)-4-(phenylthio)butyl]perhydroisoquinoline-3-car-

boxamide--methanesulfonic acid (1:1)

(3S,4aS,8aS)-N-(tert-Butyl)-2-[(2S,3S)-2-hydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-2-methylbenzamido)-4-(phenylthio)butyl]perhydroisoquinoline-3-car-

boxamide

(3S,4aS,8aS)-2-[(2R,3S)-3-Amino-2-hydroxy-4-phenylbutyl]-N-tert-butyldecahydro-isoquinoline-3-carboxamide
(3S,4R)-3-[(R)-1-(tert-Butyldimethylsilyloxy)ethyl]-4-[(1R,3S)-3-methoxy-2-oxocyclohexyl]azetidin-2-one
(3S,4R)-4-Acetoxy-3-[(R)-1-(tert-butyldimethylsilyloxy)ethyl]azetidin-2-one
(3S,4S)-3-Hexyl-4-[(R)-2-(hydroxytridecyl)]oxetan-2-one
(3Z)-4-(Aminomethyl)-3-pyrrolidinone O-methyloxime dihydrochloride
(4-Amino-3-iodophenyl)-N-methylmethanesulfonamide
(4-Carboxybutyl)triphenylphosphonium bromide
(4-(5-Oxo-4,5-dihydro-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)-phenylamino)-acetic acid
(4-Hydrazinophenyl)-N-methylmethanesulfonamide hydrochloride
(4-Phenylbutyl)-phosphinic acid
(4R)-3-[(2S,3S)-2-Hydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-2-methyl-benzoylamino)-4-phenyl-butyryl]-5,5-dimethyl-thiazolidine-4-carboxylic acid allylamide
(4R,5R)-4,5-Bis(mesyloxymethyl)1,3,2-dioxathiolane 2,2-dioxide
(4R,5R)-2-(Dichloromethyl)-4,5-dihydro-5-(4-mesylphenyl)oxazol-4-ylmethanol
(4R,5S,6S,7R)-1,3-Bis(3-aminobenzyl)-4,7-dibenzyl-5,6-dihydroxyhexahydro-2H-1,3-diazepin-2-one dimethanesulfonate
(4R,5S,6S,7R)-1-[(3-Amino-1H-indazol-5-yl)methyl]-4,7-dibenzyl-3-butyl-5,6-dihydroxy-hexahydro-2H-1,3-diazepin-2-one
(4R,6R)-6-{2-[2-(4-Fluorophenyl)-5-isopropyl-3-phenyl-4-(phenylcarbamoyl)pyrrol-1-yl]ethyl}-4-hydroxytetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-one
(4S)-3-[(5R)-5-(4-fluorophenyl)-5-hydroxypentanoyl]-4-phenyl-1,3-oxazolidin-2-one
(4S)-4-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-3,4-dihydronaphthalen-1(2H)-one
(4S)-4,11-diethyl-4,9-dihydroxy-1H-pyrano[3',4':6,7]indolizino[1,2-b]quinoline-3,14(4H,12H)-dione
(4S)-6-chloro-4-(2-cyclopropylethynyl)-4-(trifluoromethyl)-1,3,4-trihydroquinazolin-2-one
(4S,5R,6R)-5-Acetamido-4-amino-6-[(1R,2R)-1,2,3-trihydroxypropyl]-5,6-dihydropyran-2-carboxylic acid
(4S,5R,6R)-5-Acetylamino-4-azido-6-(1S,2R,3-triacetoxypropyl)-5,6-dihydro-4H-pyran-2-carboxylic acid methyl ester hydrate
(4S,5S)-5-Benzyl-2-oxo-1,3-oxazolidin-4-ylmethyl 4-nitrobenzenesulfonate
(4S,6S)-5,6-Dihydro-6-methyl-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiopyran-4-ol 7,7-dioxide
(5-Formyl-2-furanyl)boronic acid
(5,6-Dichloro-1H-benzimidazol-2-yl)isopropylamine
(5aR,11bS)-9,10-Dimethoxy-2-propyl-4,5,5a,6,7,11b-hexahydrobenzo[f]thieno[2,3-c]quinolinehydrochloride
(5R)-5-Ethyl-1,4,5,8-tetrahydro-5-hydroxyoxepino[3,4-c]pyridine-3,9-dione
(5R,6R)-1-benzyl-5-hydroxy-6-(methylamino)-5,6-dihydro-4H-imidazo[4,5,1-ij]quinolin-2(1H)-one
(5R,6S)-6-Phenyl-5-[4-(2-pyrrolidinoethoxy)phenyl]-5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-2-naphthol--(-)-tartaric acid (1:1)
(5S)-5-(Methoxymethyl)-3-[6-(4,4,4-trifluorobutoxy)benzo[d]isoxazol-3-yl]-1,3-oxazolidin-2-one
(6aR)-5,6,6a,7-tetrahydro-6-methyl-4H-dibenzo[de,g]quinoline-10,11-diol
(6E,10E,14E)-3,7,11,15-Tetramethylhexadeca-1,6,10,14-tetraen-3-ol
(6R)-5,6-Dihydro-4-hydroxy-6-(1-(2-phenyl)ethyl)-6-propyl-2H-pyran-2-one

CAS Number

88128-61-4

133066-59-8
155322-92-2
474645-97-1
114247-09-5
204255-06-1
132127-34-5
138-59-0
204254-98-8
192329-83-2
150323-35-6
84915-43-5
161814-49-9
170277-77-7
170277-77-7 &
68-12-2

204990-60-3

136465-81-1

159989-65-8

159989-64-7

136522-17-3
135297-22-2
76855-69-1
104872-06-2
197143-35-4
151140-66-8
17814-85-6
872728-82-0
88933-16-8
86552-32-1
478410-84-3
208338-09-4
126813-11-4
177932-89-7
188978-02-1
125995-03-1
189028-95-3
124379-29-9
86639-52-3
214287-88-4
130525-62-1
130525-58-5

147086-81-5
27329-70-0
176161-55-0
178357-37-4
221054-70-2
269731-84-2
190791-29-8
185835-97-6
58-00-4
1113-21-9
221129-55-1

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

77

CAS Number

(6R,7R)-7-amino-3-{[(1-methyl-1H-tetrazol-5-yl)thio]methyl}-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid hydrochloride
(6R,7R)-7-Amino-3-chloro-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid
(6R,7R)-7-amino-8-oxo-3-[2-(1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-ylthio)ethyl]-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid
(6R,7R)-7-amino-8-oxo-3-[(1H-1,2,3-triazol-4-ylthio)methyl]-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid
(6R,7R)-7-Amino-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]octa-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid
(6R,7R)-7-Amino-8-oxo-3-((2S)-tetrahydrofuran-2-yl)-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid 4-nitrobenzyl ester hydrochlo-

ride

(6R,7S)-7-(2-Bromo-acetylamino)-7-methoxy-3-(1-methyl-1H-tetrazol-5-ylsulfanylmethyl)-8-oxo-5-thia-1-aza-bicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-

2-carboxylic acid benzhydryl ester

(6S)-5-[2-(2-Amino-4-oxo-4,6,7,8-tetrahydro-3H-pyrimido[5,4-b][1,4]thiazin-6-yl]thiophene-2-carboxylic acid
(7RS,9aRS)-Perhydropyrido[1,2-a]pyrazin-7-ylmethanol
(7S)-7-Methyl-5-(4-nitrophenyl)-7,8-dihydro-5H-[1,3]dioxolo[4,5-g]isochromene
(9S,13S,14S)-3-Methoxymorphinan hydrochloride
(Cis)-1-Benzoyl-4-[(4-methysulfonyl)oxy]-L-proline
(E)-(+)-2-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-1-{3-[4-(2,2,3,3-tetrafluoropropoxy)styryl]-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl}-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)propan-2-ol
(E)-Oct-4-ene-1,8-dioic acid
(R)-2-(6-Amino-9H-purin-9-yl)methylethanol
(R)-2-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)propane-1,2-diol
(R)-1-Chloro-2,3-epoxypropane
(R)-1,2,3,4-Tetrahydropapaverine hydrochloride
(R)-α-(Chlorocarbonyl)benzyl formate
(R)-2-(6-Amino-9H-purin-9-yl)-1-methylethoxy]methylphosphonic acid
(R)-2-Amino-2-ethylhexan-1-ol
(R)-6,7-Dimethoxy-2-methyl-1-(3,4,5-trimethoxybenzyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline--dibenzoyl-L-tartaric acid (1:1)
(R)-Propylene carbonate
(R)-N-(1-{3-[1-Benzoyl-3-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-piperidyl]propyl}-4-phenyl-4-piperidyl)-N-methyl-acetamide hydrochloride
(R)-2-(3-Benzoylphenyl)propionic acid
(R)-3-Chloropropane-1,2-diol
(R)-(-)-α-(p-Chlorophenyl)-4-(p-fluorobenzyl)-1-piperidineethanol
(R)-(-)-α-(p-Chlorophenyl)-4-(p-fluorobenzyl)-1-piperidineethanol HCl salt
(R)-(-)-1-Azabicyclo[2.2.2]octan-3-ol
(R)-1-Acetyl-3-(1-methyl-2-pyrrolidinylmethyl)-5-[(E)-2-(phenylsulfonyl)vinyl]-1H-indole
(R)-2-(2-amino-5-chlorophenyl)-4-cyclopropyl-1,1,1-trifluorobut-3-yn-2-ol, monohydrochloride salt
(R)-2-Benzyloxycarbonylamino-3-phenylsulfanylpropionic acid methyl ester
(R)-3-(1-Methyl-2-pyrrolidinylmethyl)-5-[(E)-2-(phenylsulfonyl)vinyl]-1-indole
(R)-3H-Pyrazolo[4,3-c]pyridin-3-one, 2,3a,4,5,6,7-hexahydro-2-methyl-3a-(phenylmethyl)-, L-tartaric acid salt
(R)-5-(1,3,6,2-dioxazaborocan-2-yl)-1-methyl-2-tritylisoindoline
(R)-5-(2-Aminopropyl)-2-methoxybenzenesulfonamide
(R*,S*)-(+/-)-{(4-phenylbutyl)[1-(propionyloxy)isobutoxy]phosphinyl}acetic acid
(RS)-2-(3-Benzoylphenyl)propionic acid
(RS)-2-[(1-Benzyl-4-piperidyl)methyl]-5,6-dimethoxyindan-1-one
(RS)-Serinohydrazide hydrochloride
(RS)-2-(6-Methoxy-2-naphthyl)propionic acid
(RS)-Tetrahydropapaverine hydrochloride
(S)-2-Amino-3,3-dimethyl-N-2-pyridylbutyramide
(S)-2-(4-Fluorophenyl)-3-methylbutyric acid
(S)-O-Benzyllactaldehyde-N-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)hydrazone
(S)-N,-N-Dimethyl-[3-(2-thienyl)-3-(1-naphthyloxy)propyl]amine--phosphoric acid (1:1)
(S)-N-tert-Butyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxamide
(S)-5-(1,3-Dioxolan-4-yl)-2-aminovaleric acid
(S)-α-Chloroformylethyl acetate
(S)-2-(Acetylthio)-3-phenylpropionic acid--dicyclohexylamine (1:1)
(S)-1-(Benzyloxycarbonyl)hexahydropyridazine-3-carboxylic acid
(S)-3-Formamido-2-formyloxypropionic acid
(S)-N-tert-Butyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxamide sulfate
(S)-1-{2-[3-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-1-(3-isopropoxyphenacyl)-3-piperidyl]ethyl}-4-phenyl-1-azoniabicyclo[2.2.2]octane chloride
(S)-2-(4-{[(2,7-Dimethyl-4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinazolin-6-yl)methyl](prop-2-ynyl)amino}-2-fluorobenzamido)-4-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)butyric

acid

68350-02-7
53994-69-7
24209-43-6
37539-03-0
36923-17-8

655233-39-9

70035-75-5

186521-45-9
145012-50-6
196303-01-2
1087-69-0
120807-02-5
141113-28-2
48059-97-8
14047-28-0
141113-41-9
51594-55-9
54417-53-7
29169-64-0
147127-20-6
151851-75-1
104832-01-1
16606-55-6
173050-51-6
56105-81-8
57090-45-6
127293-57-6
178460-82-7
25333-42-0
188113-71-5
214353-17-0
153277-33-9
180637-89-2
193274-37-2
223595-20-8
112101-81-2
123599-82-6
22161-86-0
142057-79-2
55819-71-1
26159-31-9
66820-84-6
171764-07-1
55332-37-1
192802-28-1
161005-84-1
149182-72-9
170242-34-9
36394-75-9
157521-26-1
65632-62-4
125496-24-4
186537-30-4
153050-21-6

153537-73-6

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

78
Product Name

(S)-N-{5-[2-(2-Amino-4-oxo-4,6,7,8-tetrahydro-1H-pyrimido[5,4-b]thiazin-6-yl]ethyl]-2-thenoyl}-L-glutamic acid
(S)-3-Benzyloxycarbonyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolinium p-toluenesulfonate
(S)-2,2-Dimethyl-N-hydroxy-4-[4-(4-pyridyloxy)phenylsulfonyl]-1,4-thiazinane-3-carboxamide
(S)-2-{3-[(2-Fluorobenzyl)sulfonylamino]-2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1-pyridyl}-N-(1-formyl-4-guanidinobutyl)acetamide
(S)-5-Amino-2-(dibenzylamino)-1,6-diphenylhex-4-en-3-one
(S)-[(Trityloxy)methyl]oxirane
(S)-N-tert-Butyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxamide hydrochloride
(S)-4-Ethyl-4-hydroxy-7,8-dihydro-1H-pyrano[3,4-f]indolizine-3,6,10(4H)-trione
(S)-N-{(1S,2R)-3-[(1,3-Benzodioxol-5-ylsulfonyl)(isobutyl)amino]-1-benzyl-2-hydroxypropyl}-3,3-dimethyl-2-(sarcosylamino)butyramide
(S)-N-[4-(4-Acetamido-4-phenyl-1-piperidyl)-2-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)butyl]-N-methylbenzamide--fumaric acid (1:1)
(S)-4-{[3-(2-Dimethylaminoethyl)-1H-indol-5-yl]methyl}oxazolidin-2-one
(S)-1,2,3,4-Tetrahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
(S)-1,4-Dithia-7-azaspiro[4.4]nonane-8-carboxylic acid
(S)-4-(4-Aminobenzyl)oxazolidin-2-one
(S)-Tetrahydrofuran-3-ol
(S)-2-(2-Amino-5-chlorophenyl)-4-cyclopropyl-1,1,1-trifluorobut-3-yn-2-ol
(S)-But-3-yn-2-ol
(S)-α-Methoxy-4-[2-(5-methyl-2-phenyl-4-oxazolyl)ethoxy]benzo[b]thiophene-7-propionic acid
(S)-1-[(S)-2-(4-methoxybenzamido)-3-methylbutyryl]-N-[(S)-2-methyl-1-(trifluoroacetyl)propyl]pyrrolidine-2-carboxamide
(S)-1-[[[2-(5-Methyl-2-phenyl-4-oxazolyl)ethyl]amino]acetyl]-2-pyrrolidinecarbonitrile
(S)-2-{1-[2,3-Dihydrobenzofuran-5-yl)ethyl]-3-pyrrolidinyl}-2,2-diphenylacetonitrile
(S)-3-Methylamino-1-(2-thienyl)-1-propanol
(S)-4-Benzyloxycarbonylamino-2-hydroxybutyric acid
(S)-4,4-Difluoro-N-(3-hydroxy-1-phenylpropyl)cyclohexanecarboxamide
(S)-4,4-Difluoro-N-(3-oxo-1-phenylpropyl)cyclohexanecarboxamide
(S)-N-Methyl-3-(1-naphthalenyloxy)-2-thiophenepropanamine phosphoric acid salt
(S,S)-N-(1-Ethoxycarbonyl-3-phenylpropyl)alanine
(tert-Butoxycarbonyl)methyl 2-[1-[(4-chlorophenyl)carbonyl]-5-methoxy-2-methylindol-3-yl]acetate
(Z)-2-[2-(Chloroacetamido)thiazol-4-yl]-2-(methoxyimino)acetic acid
(Z)-1-[3-(3-Chloro-4-cyclohexylphenyl)prop-2-enyl]hexahydro-1H-azepine hydrochloride
(Z)-5-Fluoro-2-methyl-1-(4-methylthiobenzylidene)-1H-inden-3-ylacetic acid
(Z)-(2-Cyanovinyl)trimethylammonium p-toluenesulfonate
(Z)-N-[3-(3-Chloro-4-cyclohexylphenyl)prop-2-enyl]-N-ethylcyclohexylamine hydrochloride
(Z)-2-(2-Amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-methoxyiminoacetyl chloride hydrochloride
(Z)-3-{2-[4-(2,4-Difluoro-α-hydroxyiminobenzyl)piperidino]ethyl}-6,7,8,9-tetrahydro-2-methyl-4H-pyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one
(Z)-2-Methoxyimino-2-[2-(tritylamino)thiazol-4-yl]acetic acid
(Z)-2-(5-Amino-1,2,4-thiadiazol-3-yl)-2-[(fluoromethoxy)imino]acetic acid
(Z)-2-(2-Aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-methoxyiminoacetic acid
(Z)-[Cyano(2,3-dichlorophenyl)methylene]carbazamidine
(Z)-3-Cyano-5-methylhex-3-enoic acid tert-butylamine salt
(Z)-5-[4-[2-(5-Ethyl-2-pyridyl)ethoxy]benzylidene]-2,4-thiazolidinedione
(Z)-N-[2-(Diethylamino)ethyl]-5-[(5-fluoro-2-oxo-1,2-dihydro-3H-indol-3-ylidene)methyl]-2,4-dimethyl-IH-pyrrole-3-carboxamide (S)-2-

hydroxysuccinate

(±)-1-Azabicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-3-one
(±)-6-Fluoro-1-methyl-4-oxo-7-(piperazin-1-yl)-4H-[1,3]thiazeto-[3,2-a]quinoline-3-carboxylic acid
(±)-2-Azabicyclo[2.2.1]hept-5-en-3-one
(±)-N-[1-Cyano-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylethyl]acetamide
{(1R,3R,5S)-3,5-Dihydroxy-2-[(E)-(3S)-3-hydroxyoct-1-enyl]cyclopentyl}acetic acid
{(2S)-4-methyl-7-[2-(methyloxy)-2-oxoethyl]-3-oxo-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-yl}acetic acid
{(E)-3-[(6R,7R)-7-Amino-2-carboxylato-8-oxo-5-thia-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-en-3-yl]allyl}-(carbamoylmethyl)(ethyl)methylammonium
{(S)-[(R)-2-Methyl-1-propionyloxypropoxy](4-phenylbutyl)phosphinoyl}acetic acid
{1S-Benzyl-2R-hydroxy-3-[isobutyl-(4-nitrobenzenesulfonyl)amino]propyl}-carbamic acid tetrahydro-furan-3S-yl ester
{5-[(Z)-3,5-Di(tert-butyl)-4-hydroxybenzylidene]-4-oxo-4,5-dihydrothiazol-2-yl}-ammonium methanesulfonate
{[(6-Ethyl-4,5-dioxohexahydropyridazin-3-yl)carbonyl]amino}(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid
α-(6-Fluoro-2-methylinden-3-yl)-p-tolyl methyl sulfide, in the form of a solution in toluene
α-Acetyl-γ-butyrolactone
α-Hydroxy-β,β-dimethyl-γ-butyrolactone
α',α',α'-Trifluoro-2,3-xylidine

CAS Number

177575-17-6
77497-97-3
192329-42-3
179524-67-5
156732-13-7
129940-50-7
149057-17-0
110351-94-5
183556-68-5
176381-97-8
139264-17-8
74163-81-8
124492-04-2
152305-23-2
86087-23-2
154598-58-0
2914-69-4
475479-34-6
171964-73-1
521266-46-6
252317-48-9
116539-55-0
40371-50-4
376348-77-5
376348-78-6
164015-32-1
82717-96-2
75302-98-6
64486-18-6
139592-99-7
49627-27-2
58311-73-2
132173-07-0
119154-86-8
132961-05-8
66215-71-2
116833-10-4
65872-41-5
94213-23-7
604784-44-3
136401-69-9

341031- 54-7

21472-89-9
112984-60-8
61865-48-3
31915-40-9
56188-04-6
193077-87-1
160115-08-2
128948-01-6
160231-69-6
139340-56-0
62893-24-7

517-23-7
599-04-2
54396-44-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

α,α-Dimethoxy-2-nitrotoluene
α,α,α-Trifluoro-4-nitro-m-toluidine
α,α,α,α',α',α'-Hexafluoro-2,5-xylidine
α,3-Dichlorotoluene
α,4-Dibromo-2-fluorotoluene
β-Cyclodextrin sulfobutyl ethers, sodium salts
δ4-Acetamido-2'-aminobenzanilide
ω-Conotoxin M VIIA
1-(1-{3-[2-(4-Fluorophenyl)-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl]propyl}-4-piperidyl)-2,3-dihydro-1H-benzimidazole-2-thione
1-Carboxy-1-methylethoxyammonium chloride
1-Methyl-1,2,5,6-tetrahydropyridine-3-carbaldehyde (E)-O-methyloxime hydrochloride
1-Ethyl-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-1,3-dioxolo[4,5-g]cinnoline-3-carbonitrile
1-Chloro-4,4-bis(4-fluorophenyl)butane
1-Methyl-4-nitro-3-propylpyrazole-5-carboxamide
1-Ethyl-1,2-dihydro-5H-tetrazol-5-one
1-Cyclopropyl-6,7-difluoro-8-methoxy-4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
1-Isopropenyl-1H-benzimidazol-2(3H)-one
1-Benzyl-4-(methoxymethyl)-N-phenyl-4-piperidylamine
1-(4-Piperidyl)-1H-benzimidazol-2(3H)-one
1-(Tetrahydro-2-furoyl)piperazine
1-Benzylpiperidine-4-carbaldehyde
1-[2-(4-Methoxyphenyl)ethyl]-4-piperidylamine dihydrochloride
1-Deoxy-1-(octylamino)-D-glucitol
1-O-[O-(N-Acetyl-α-neuraminosyl)-(2,3)-O-[O-β-D-galactopyranosyl-(1,3)-2-acetamido-2-deoxy-β-D-galactopyranosyl-(1,4)]-O-β-D-

galactopyranosyl-(1,4)-β-D-glucopyranosyl]ceramide

1-(4-Fluorophenyl)piperazine dihydrochloride
1-Cyclopropyl-6,7-difluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
1-Nitro-4-(1,2,2,2-tetrachloroethyl)benzene
1-[(1S,2S)-2-Hydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-methylethyl]-4-phenylpiperidin-4-olmethanesulfonate trihydrate
1-(1,2-Benzisothiazol-3-yl)piperazine hydrochloride
1-{4-[(2-Cyanoethyl)thiomethyl]thiazol-2-yl}guanidine
1-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-6,7-difluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
1-(1,2,3,6-Tetrahydro-4-pyridyl)-1H-benzimidazol-2(3H)-one
1-[4-(2-Dimethylaminoethoxy)[14C]phenyl]-1,2-diphenylbutan-1-ol
1-(4,4'-Difluorobenzhydryl)piperazine
1-(4-Benzyloxyphenyl)-2-(4-hydroxy-4-phenyl-1-piperidyl)propan-1-one
1-[2-(4-Carboxyphenoxy)ethyl]piperidinium chloride
1-(6-Chloro-2-pyridyl)-4-piperidylamine hydrochloride
1-(2,6-Dichlorophenyl)indolin-2-one
1-[(S)-3-(Acetylthio)-2-methylpropionyl]-L-proline
1-(4-tert-Butylphenyl)-4-[4-(α-hydroxybenzhydryl)piperidino]butan-1-one
1-(2,3-Dichlorophenyl)piperazine hydrochloride
1-(3-Chlorophenyl)-4-(3-chloropropyl)piperazine hydrochloride
1-Ethyl-1,4-diphenylbut-3-enylamine
1-(2-Methoxyphenyl)piperazine
1-Methyltetrazole-5-thiol
1-Piperonylpiperazine
1-{[(Cyclohexyloxy)carbonyl]oxy}ethyl 1-(1-hydroxyethyl)-5-methoxy-2-oxo-1,2,5,6,7,8,8a,8b-octahydroazeto[2,1-a]isoindole-4-carboxylate
1-O-[O-2-Acetamido-2-deoxy-ß-D-galactopyranosyl-(1,4)-O-(N-acetyl- -neuraminosyl)-(2,3)-O-ß-D-galactopyranosyl-(1,4)-ß-D-glucopy-

ranosyl]ceramide

1-(28-{O-D-Apio-β-D-furanosyl-(1,3)-O-β-D-xylopyranosyl-(1,4)-O-6-deoxy-α-L-mannopyranosyl)-(1,2)-4-O-[5-(5-α-L-arabinofuranosyloxy-

3-hydroxy-6-methyloctanoyloxy)-3-hydroxy-6-methyloctanoyl]-6-deoxy-β-D-galactopyranosyloxy}-16α-hydrox

1-(3-Chlorophenyl)piperazine hydrochloride
1-(o-Tolyl)piperazine hydrochloride
1-(3-Chloropropyl)-2,6-dimethylpiperidinium chloride
1-Phenylpiperazinium chloride
1-Ethylpyrrolidin-2-ylmethylamine
1-(2-Methoxyphenyl)piperazine hydrochloride

79

CAS Number

20627-73-0
393-11-3
328-93-8
620-20-2
76283-09-5
182410-00-0
112522-64-2
107452-89-1
94732-98-6
89766-91-6
139886-04-7
28657-79-6
3312-04-7
139756-01-7
69048-98-2
112811-72-0
52099-72-6
61380-02-7
20662-53-7
63074-07-7
22065-85-6
108555-25-5
23323-37-7

104443-62-1

64090-19-3
93107-30-3
4714-32-3
189894-57-3
87691-88-1
76823-93-3
103995-01-3
2147-83-3
82407-94-1
27469-60-9
188591-61-9
84449-80-9
77145-61-0
15362-40-0
64838-55-7
43076-30-8
41202-77-1
52605-52-4
129140-12-1
35386-24-4
13183-79-4
32231-06-4
141646-08-4

104443-57-4

141256-04-4

13078-15-4
70849-60-4
83556-85-8
2210-93-7
26116-12-1
5464-78-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

80
Product Name

1-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-2-imidazol-1-ylethanol
1-(4-Fluorophenyl)-4-oxocyclohexanecarbonitrile
1-(2-Pyridyl)-3-(pyrrolidin-1-yl)-1-(p-tolyl)propan-1-ol
1-Chloro-2-(chlorodiphenylmethyl)benzene
1-(2-Furoyl)piperazine
1-(β-D-Arabinofuranosyl)pyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione
1-Benzhydrylpiperazine
1-Acetylpiperazine
1-{N2-[(S)-1-Ethoxycarbonyl-3-phenylpropyl]-N6-trifluoroacetyllsyl}proline
1-(2,3-Dihydro-1,4-benzodioxin-2-ylcarbonyl)piperazine hydrochloride
1-(2-Chlorophenyl)piperazine hydrochloride
1-[5-(4,5-Diphenylimidazol-2-ylthio)pentyl]-1-heptyl-3-(2,4-difluorophenyl)urea
1-(2-Chloroethyl)piperidinium chloride
1-Aminopropane-1,3-diol
1-Benzyl hydrogen (S)-4-phthalimidoglutarate
1-(4-Chlorobenzenesulfonyl)urea
1-((1R,3R,5R)-2,6-dioxa-bicyclo[3.2.0]heptan-3-yl)-5-methylpyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione
1-(2-amino-5-chlorophenyl)-2,2,2-trifluoroethane-1,1-diol, methane sulfonic acid salt (1:1.5)
1-(2,3-Dichloro-4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-butanone
1-(2,3-Dichlorophenyl) piperazine
1-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-1-ethanone
1-(3,5-difluorophenyl)propan-1-one
1-(4-chlorophenyl)cyclobutanecarbonitrile
1-(4-Fluorobenzyl)-2-chlorobenzimidazole hydrochloride
1-(4,5-Dinitro-10-aza-tricyclo[6.3.1.02,7]dodeca-2(7),3,5-trien-10-yl)-2,2,2-trifluoro-ethanone
1-(6-Amino-3,5-difluoropyridin-2-yl)-8-chloro-6-fluoro-7-(3-hydroxyazetidin-1-yl)-4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
1-(6-Methyl-3-pyridinyl)-2-[4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]ethanone
1-{2-[4-(2-Bromo-6-methoxy-3,4-dihydro-naphthalen-1-yl)-phenoxy]ethyl}pyrrolidine
1-{2-[4-(6-Methoxy-3,4-dihydronaphthalen-1-yl)phenoxy]ethyl}pyrrolidine
1-{6-Ethoxy-5-[3-ethyl-6,7-dihydro-2-(2-methoxyethyl)-7-oxo-2H-pyrazolo[4,3-d]pyrimidin-5-yl]-3-pyridylsulfonyl}-4-ethylpiperazine
1-{6-Ethoxy-5-[3-ethyl-6,7-dihydro-2-(2-methoxyethyl)-7-oxo-2H-pyrazolo[4,3-d]pyrimidin-5-yl]-3-pyridylsulfonyl}-4-ethylpiperazine

benzenesulfonate

1-{[(6R,7R)-7-amino-2-carboxy-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-en-3-yl]methyl}pyridinium iodide
1-aminopyridazin-1-ium hexafluorophosphate
1-Benzoyl-3-(1-methoxy-1-methyl-ethoxy)-4-phenyl-azetidin-2-one
1-Benzoyl-4-hydroxy-pyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid methyl ester
1-Benzoyl-4-hydroxy-pyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid
1-Benzyl-4H-imidazo[4,5,1-ij]quinolin-2(1H)-one
1-Bromo-2-methyl propyl propionate
1-Butanaminium, N,N,N-tributyl-, salt with (2S-trans)-2-methyl-4-oxo- 3 -[(phenylmethoxy)carbonyl]amino]-1-azetidinesulfonic acid (1:1)
1-Cyclopentyl-3-ethyl-6-(4-methoxybenzyl)-1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyrazolo[3,4-c]pyridin-7-one, p-toluenesulfonate
1-Cyclopentyl-3-ethyl-1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyrazolo[3,4-c]pyridin-7-one
1-deoxy-1-(formylamino)hexitol
1-ethyl-9-methoxy-2,3,5,6,7-pentahydropyridino[2,1-a]β-carbolin-4-one
1-Methyl-5-[4'-(trifluoromethyl)[1,1'-biphenyl]-2-carboxamido]-1H-indole-2-carboxylic acid potassium salt
1-[(1R)-2-methoxymethyl-1-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethyl]-2(S)-methylpiperazine, (2S,3S)-2,3-dihydroxybutanedioate (1:1) salt
1-[(1S,2S)-2-(benzyloxy)-1-ethylpropyl]-N-{4-[4-(4-{[(3R,5R)-5-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-5-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)tetrahydrofuran-3-

yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazin-1-yl]phenyl}hydrazinecarboxamide

1-[(4,6-Dimethyl-5-pyrimidinyl)carbonyl]-4-{4-[2-methoxy-1-[R]-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethyl]-3(S)-methyl-1-piperazinyl}-4-

methylpiperidine, 2(Z)-butenedioate (1:1)

1-[(4,6-Dimethyl-5-pyrimidinyl)carbonyl]-4-piperidinone
1-[1-(4-Chlorophenyl)cyclobutyl]-3-methylbutan-1-amine
1-[2-(4-phenylphenyl)ethyl]-4-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-1,2,5,6-tetrahydropyridine, hydrochloride
1-[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]-1,4-dihydro-5H-tetrazole-5-thione
1-[2-hydroxy-4-[(tetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-yl)oxy]phenyl]-2-[4-[(tetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-yl)oxy]phenyl]ethanone
1-[2-[(tert-Butoxycarbonyl)piperidin-4-yl]acetyl]-4-mesyloxypiperidine
1-[3-(cyclopentyloxy)-4-(methyloxy)phenyl]-4-oxocyclohexanecarbonitrile
1-[4-(Benzyloxy)-3-nitrophenyl]-2-bromoethanone

CAS Number

24155-42-8
56326-98-8
70708-28-0
42074-68-0
40172-95-0
3083-77-0
841-77-0
13889-98-0
103300-91-0
70918-74-0
41202-32-8
130804-35-2
2008-75-5
534-03-2
88784-33-2
22663-37-2
7481-90-5
467426-34-2
2350-46-1
119532-26-2
86404-63-9
135306-45-5
28049-61-8
84946-20-3
230615-59-5
189279-58-1
221615-75-4
180915-95-1
180915-94-0
334826-98-1

334827-99-5

100988-63-4
346412-97-3
149107-92-6
31560-20-0
31560-19-7
227025-33-4
158894-67-8
80082-62-8
303752-13-8
162142-14-5
89182-60-5
244080-24-8
481659-96-5
612494-10-7

345217-03-0

599179-03-0

612543-01-8
84467-54-9
188396-54-5
61607-68-9
130064-21-0
440634-25-3
152630-47-2
43229-01-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

81

CAS Number

1-[4-(benzyloxy)phenyl]-1-propanone
1-[4-(Benzyloxy)phenyl]]-2-[(1-methyl-3-phenylpropyl)amino]-1-propanone
1-[4-(Ethyloxy)phenyl]-2-[4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]ethanone
1-[[(6R,7R)-7-[(Z)-2-(5-Amino-1,2,4-thiadiazol-3-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetylamino]-2-carboxylat-8-oxo-5-thia-l-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-

en-3-yl]methyl]imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazin-4-ium monohydrochloride

10-Deacetylbaccatin III
10-Azatricyclo[6.3.1.02,7]dodeca-2,4,6-triene, hydrochloride
10,10-Bis[(2-fluoro-4-pyridyl)methyl]anthrone
10,11-Dihydro-5H-dibenzo[a,d]cyclohepten-5-one
10,11-Dihydro-5H-dibenz[b,f]azepine
1,1-Diisopropoxycyclohexane
1,1-Dimethoxy-2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethane
11-Ethyl-6-methyl-3-(2-(quinolin-1-oxid-4-yloxy)-ethyl)-4a,6,11, 11a-tetrahydro-pyrido(2,3-b)(1,5)benzodiazepin-5-one (Dihydrate)
11α-Hydroxy-7α-(methoxycarbonyl)-3-oxopregn-4-ene-21,17α-carbolactone
11α-Hydroxy-3-oxopregna-4,6-diene-21,17α-carbolactone
11α-Hydroxypregn-4-ene-3,20-dione
11α,17,21-Trihydroxy-16β-methylpregna-1,4-diene-3,20-dione
1,1,1,3,3,3-Hexafluoropropan-2-ol
1,2-Diphenyl-4-(2-phenylthioethyl)pyrazolidine-3,5-dione
1,2-Bis[2-[2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethoxy]ethoxy]-4,5-dinitrobenzene
1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-2-isopropylaminomethyl-6-methyl-7-nitroquinoline methanesulfonate
1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-9-methyl-3-(2-methyl-1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)carbazol-4-one
1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-9-methylcarbazol-4-one
1,2,3,5-Tetraacetyl-β-D-ribofuranose
1,2,4-Triazolo[4,3-a]pyridin-3(2H)-one
1,3-Bis(4-nitrophenyl)urea--4,6-dimethylpyrimidin-2-ol (1:1)
1,3-Dichloro-6,7,8,9,10,12-hexahydroazepino[2,1-b]quinazoline hydrochloride
1,3-Dichloroacetone
13-Ethyl-17α-hydroxy-18,19-dinorpregn-4-en-20-yn-3-one oxime
1,3-Benzenedimethanol, 1-[[(1,1-dimethylethyl)amino]methyl]-4-(phenylmethoxy)-
1,3,4-Thiadiazole-2-thiol
1,4-Dithia-7-azaspiro[4.4]nonane-8-carboxylic acid, hydrobromide
1,4,7,10-Tetraazoniacyclododecane bis(sulfate)
1,4,7,10-Tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7-triacetic acid sulfate
1,4,7,10-Tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7-triyltriacetic acid
1,6-Hexanediamine, polymer with 1,10-dibromodecane
17-Hydroxy-16α-methyl-3,20-dioxopregna-1,4,9(11)-trien-21-yl acetate
17α-Hydroxy-16α-methyl-3,20-dioxopregna-1,4-dien-21-yl acetate
17α-Hydroxy-16β-methyl-3,20-dioxopregna-1,4,9(11)-trien-21-yl acetate
17α-Hydroxy-16β-methyl-3,20-dioxopregna-1,4-dien-21-yl acetate
17α-Hydroxy-3,20-dioxopregna-4,9(11)-diene-21-yl acetate
1H-Tetrazol-1-ylacetic acid
1H-1,2,4-Triazole-3-carboxylic acid
1H-1,2,4-Triazole-3-carboxamide
1H-Pyrrolizine-1,7-dicarboxylic acid, 2,3-dihydro-, 1-methyl ester
2-ol-(1R,4S)-2-oxobornane-10-sulfonic acid (1:1)
2-Bromo-3-methylthiophene
2-(Acetoxymethyl)-4-(benzyloxy)butyl acetate
2-[(1S,2R)-6-Fluoro-2-hydroxy-1-isopropyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-2-naphthyl]ethyl p-toluenesulfonate
2-(Dichloromethyl)-4,5-dihydro-5-(4-mesylphenyl)oxazol-4-ylmethanol
2-sec-Butyl-4-{4-[4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)piperazin-1-yl]phenyl}-2H-1,2,4-triazol-3(4H)-one
2-Thienylacetyl chloride
2-Piperazin-1-ylpyrimidine dihydrochloride
2-[(1-Benzyl-4-piperidyl)methylene]-5,6-dimethoxyindan-1-one
2-Methyl-1-nitrosoindoline
2-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-1,3-bis(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)propan-2-ol
2-Butylimidazole-5-carbaldehyde
2-Hydroxy-4-(methylthio)butyric acid

4495-66-3
96072-82-1
346413-00-1

197897-11-3

32981-86-5
230615-52-8
160588-45-4
1210-35-1
494-19-9
1132-95-2
94158-44-8
(none)
192704-56-6
73726-56-4
80-75-1
85700-75-0
920-66-1
3736-92-3
165254-21-7
22982-78-1
99614-02-5
27387-31-1
13035-61-5
6969-71-7
330-95-0
149062-75-9
534-07-6
53016-31-2
56796-66-8
18686-82-3
75776-79-3
112193-77-8

114873-37-9
162430-94-6
10106-41-9
24510-54-1
910-99-6
24510-55-2
7753-60-8
21732-17-2
4928-87-4
3641-08-5
92992-17-1
188416-34-4
14282-76-9
131266-10-9
104265-58-9
875-35-4
106461-41-0
39098-97-0
94021-22-4
120014-07-5
85440-79-5
123631-92-5
68282-49-5
583-91-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

82
Product Name

2-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-ylmethanol
2-Deoxy-D-erythropentose
2-[1-(tert-Butoxycarbonyl)-4-piperidyl]acetic acid
2-Chloro-N-[2-(2-chlorobenzoyl)-4-nitrophenyl]acetamide
2-[Benzyl(methyl)amino]ethyl acetoacetate
2-Cyano-3-morpholinoacrylamide
2-Chloro-4,5-difluorobenzoic acid
2-Chloro-4-nitrophenyl ether
2-Bromo-4'-chloro-2'-(2-fluorobenzoyl)acetanilide
2-Butyl-4-chloro-1-[2'-(2-trityl-2H-tetrazol-5-yl)biphenyl-4-ylmethyl]-1H-imidazol-5-ylmethanol
2-(Ethylmethylamino)acetamide
2-Acetamido-2-deoxy-β-D-glucopyranose
2-[1-(Mercaptomethyl)cyclopropyl]acetic acid
2-Chlorodibenz[b,f][1,4]oxazepin-11(10H)-one
2-Carbamoyloxypropyltrimethylammonium chloride
2-Phenyl-2-(2-piperidyl)acetic acid
2-Amino-7-thenyl-1,7-dihydro-4H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-one hydrochloride
2-(2,4,6-Triiosopropylphenyl)acetic acid
2-Amino-6-chloropurine
2-Ethoxy-5-fluoropyrimidin-4(1H)-one
2-Acetoxy-5-acetylbenzyl acetate
2-Imino-1,3-thiazol-4-one
2-Butyl-1,3-diazaspiro[4.4]non-1-en-4-one hydrochloride
2-Methyl-4-nitroimidazole
2-{[1-(7-Chloro-4-quinolyl)-5-(2,6-dimethoxyphenyl)-1H-pyrazol-3-yl]carbonylamino}-adamantane-2-carboxylic acid
2-[(2-Amino-6-oxo-1,6-dihydro-9H-purin-9-yl)methoxy]ethyl N-(benzyloxycarbonyl)-L-valinate
2-Amino-5-bromo-6-methylquinazolin-4(1H)-one
2-Acetylphenothiazine
2-Methyl-N-(α,α,α-trifluoro-m-tolyl)propionamide
2-(4-Aminophenoxymethyl)-2,5,7,8-tetramethyl-4-oxochroman-6-yl acetate
2-Guanidinothiazol-4-ylmethyl carbamimidothioate dihydrochloride
2-(Dimethylaminothio)acetamide hydrochloride
2-(N-Methylbenzylamino)ethyl 3-aminobut-2-enoate
2-[α-(4-Fluorobenzoyl)benzyl]-4-methyl-3-oxovaleranilide
2-(2-Amino-5-nitro-6-oxo-1,6-dihydropyrimidin-4-yl)-3-(3-thienyl)propiononitrile
2-Ethoxy-5-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)sulfonyl]benzoic acid
2-Hydroxy-2-methyl-4'-nitro-3'-(trifluoromethyl)propionanilide
2-Cyclohexa-1,4-dienylglycine
2-Chloronicotinic acid
2-Chloro-9-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-9H-thioxanthen-9-ol
2-Oxo-5-vinylpyrrolidine-3-carboxamide
2-Piperazin-1-ylpyrimidine
2-Amino-2'-chloro-5-nitrobenzophenone
2-Aminoethyldiethylamine
2-(Phenylthio)aniline
2-Phenyl-2-pyridylacetonitrile
2-(2-Formamido-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-methoxyiminoacetic acid
2-Chlorophenothiazine
2-(7-Ethyl-1H-indol-3-yl)ethanol
2-Chloro-3-pyridylamine
2-{2-[4-(Dibenzo[b,f][1,4]thiazepin-11-yl)piperazin-1-yl]ethoxy}ethanol
2-Mercapto-5-(trifluoromethyl)anilinium chloride
2-(Acetoxymethyl)-4-(2-amino-6-chloropurin-9-yl)butyl acetate
2-[Benzyl(tert-butyl)amino]-1-(α,4-dihydroxy-m-tolyl)ethanol
2-Acetylbenzo[b]thiophene
2-Butyl-5-chloro-1H-imidazole-4-carbaldehyde
2-Amino-3-pyridyl methyl ketone
2-Phenylpropane-1,3-diol

CAS Number

84682-23-5
533-67-5
157688-46-5

54527-65-0
25229-97-4
110877-64-0
3383-72-0
1584-62-9
133909-99-6
116833-20-6
7512-17-6
162515-68-6
3158-91-6
590-63-6
19395-41-6
117829-20-6
4276-85-1
10310-21-1
56177-80-1
24085-06-1
556-90-1
151257-01-1
696-23-1
146362-70-1
124832-31-1
147149-89-1
6631-94-3
1939-27-1
107188-37-4
88046-01-9
27366-72-9
54527-73-0
125971-96-2
115787-67-2
194602-23-8
52806-53-8
20763-30-8
2942-59-8
4295-65-2
71107-19-2
20980-22-7
2011-66-7
100-36-7
1134-94-7
5005-36-7
65872-43-7
92-39-7
41340-36-7
6298-19-7
111974-69-7
4274-38-8
97845-60-8
24085-03-8
22720-75-8
83857-96-9
65326-33-2
1570-95-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

83

CAS Number

2-(3-Bromophenoxy)tetrahydropyran
2-(3-Phenoxyphenyl)propiononitrile
2-(Acetoxymethyl)-4-iodobutyl acetate
2-(2-Trityl-2H-tetrazol-5-yl)phenylboronic acid
2-Amino-2',5-dichlorobenzophenone
2-[(2-Acetamido-6-oxo-6,9-dihydro-1H-purin-9-yl)methoxy]ethyl acetate
2-Amino-5-chloro-2'-fluorobenzophenone
2-[4-(2-Amino-4-oxo-4,5-dihydrothiazol-5-ylmethyl)phenoxymethyl]-2,5,7,8-tetramethylchroman-6-yl acetate
2-Bromo-2-(2-chlorophenyl)acetic acid
2-(5-Ethyl-2-pyridyl)ethanol
2-Iodo-4-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)aniline
2-(4-Fluorobenzyl)thiophene
2'-Benzoyl-2-bromo-4'-chloroacetanilide
2',3'-Dideoxyadenosine
2’,4’-Dihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetophenone
2',5-Dichloro-2-[3-(hydroxymethyl)-5-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl]benzophenone
2',5-Dichloro-2-(3-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl)benzophenone
2(3H)-Benzoxazolone, 6-[[2-[4-(phenylmethyl)-1-piperidinyl]ethyl]sulfinyl]-
2-({3-[5-(6-methoxynaphthyl)(1,3-dioxan-2-yl)]propyl}methylamino)-N-methylacetamide
2-(1-Amino-1-methylethyl)-N-(4-fluorobenzyl)-5-hydroxy-1-methyl-6-oxo-1,6-dihydropyrimidine-4-carboxamide
2-(2-{N-[4-(4-chloro-2,5-dimethoxyphenyl)-5-(2-cyclohexylethyl)(1,3-thiazol-2-yl)]carbamoyl}-5,7-dimethylindolinyl)acetic acid, potassium

salt

2-(2-chloro-4-iodophenylamino)-N-(cyclopropylmethoxy)-3,4-difluorobenzamide
2-(2-Furanyl)-7-[2-[4-[4-(2-methoxyethoxy]phenyl]-1-piperazinyl]ethyl]-7H-pyrazolo[4,3-e][1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-c]pyrimidin-5-amine
2-(2S,3R)-2-(1S)-2-[(4-Chlorophenyl)sulfanyl]-1-methyl-2-oxoethyl-3-[(1S)-1-hydroxyethyl]-4-oxoazetanylacetic acid
2-(4-Fluorophenyl)-4-(3-hydroxy-3-methylbutoxy)-5-[4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]pyridazin-3(2H)-one
2-(4-Oxopentyl)-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione
2-(5-Methyl-2-phenyl-oxazol-4-yl)ethanol
2-(5-Methyl-2-phenyl-4-oxazolyl)ethyl methanesulfonate
2-(Benzyloxymethyl)-4-isopropyl-1H-imidazole
2-(Dimethylamino)-2-phenylbutan-1-ol
2-(Ethylamino)-5-[2-quinolin-4-yloxy)ethyl]nicotinic acid
2-{7-fluoro-2-oxo-4-[2-(4-thiopheno[3,2-c]pyridin-4-ylpiperazinyl)ethyl]hydroquinolyl}acetamide
2-acetamido-2-deoxy-, β-D-Mannopyranose
2-Amino-9-((1S,3R,4S)-3-((benzyloxy)methyl)-4-(dimethyl(phenyl)silyl)-2-methylenecyclopentyl)-1H-purin-6(9H)-one
2-Amino-bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane-2,6-dicarboxylic acid; hydrate
2-Bromo-1-[4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]ethanone
2-Bromo-4'-hydroxy-3'-(hydroxymethyl)acetophenone
2-chloro-6,7-difluoro-3-quinolinemethanol
2-Ethoxy-5-(4-ethyl-1-piperazinylsulfonyl)nicotinic acid
2-Hydroxy-4-(phenylmethyl)-3-morpholinone
2-Iodo-3,4-dimethoxy-6-nitrobenzonitrile
2-Methoxy-1-[4-trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-ethanone
2-methoxyethyl(2E)-2-acetyl-3-(3-nitrophenyl)-2-propenoate
2-Methyl-2-phenyl-propionic acid ethyl ester
2-Methyl-3-[(2S)-pyrrolidin-2-ylmethoxy]pyridine
2-oxo-2-phenylethyl acetate
2-Oxo-bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane-6-carboxylic acid ethyl ester
2-Pentenedioic acid, 2-[2-[[(phenylmethoxy)carbonyl]amino]-4-thiazolyl]-, 5-(3-methyl-2-butenyl) ester
2-piperidineacetamide, α-phenyl-
2-Propyl-4-methyl-6-(1-methylbenzimidazole 1,7’-Dimethyl-2’-propyl-1H,3’H-[2,5’]bibenzoimidazolyl
2-Pyrimidinecarbonitrile
2-Quinoxalinecarboxaldehyde 1,4-dioxide dimethyl acetal
2-thienylacetonitrile
2-[(1S,2S)-2-(benzyloxy)-1-ethylpropyl]-4-{4-[4-(4-{[(3R,5R)-5-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-5-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)tetrahydrofuran-3-

yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazin-1-yl]phenyl}-2,4-dihydro-3H-1,2,4-triazol-3-one

2-[(Carboxyacetyl)amino]benzoic acid
2-[4-(Ethyloxy)phenyl]-3-[4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]pyrazolo[1,5-b]pyridazine

57999-49-2
32852-95-2
127047-77-2
143722-25-2
2958-36-3
75128-73-3
784-38-3
171485-87-3
141109-25-3
5223-06-3
160194-26-3
63877-96-3
41526-21-0
4097-22-7
17720-60-4
54196-62-2
54196-61-1
253450-12-3
192201-93-7
518048-03-8

221671-63-2

212631-79-3
377727-87-2
105318-28-3
221030-56-4
3197-25-9
103788-65-4
227029-27-8
178982-67-7
58997-87-8

189003-92-7
7772-94-3
649761-24-0
209216-09-1
50413-24-6
62932-94-9
209909-03-5
247582-73-6
287930-73-8
192869-10-6
26771-69-7
39562-22-6
2901-13-5
161417-03-4
2243-35-8
134176-18-4
115065-79-7
19395-39-2
152628-02-9
14080-23-0
32065-66-0
20893-30-5

170985-86-1

53947-84-5
221148-46-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

84
Product Name

2-[4-(Methylthio)phenoxy]benzaldehyde
2-[5-(1H-1,2,4-Triazol-1-ylmethyl)-1H-indol-3-yl]ethanol
20-Oxopregna-5,16-dien-3β-yl acetate
21-Benzyloxy-9α-fluoro-11β,17α-dihydroxy-16α-methylpregna-1,4-diene-3,20-dione
21-Chloro-16α-methylpregna-1,4,9(11)-triene-3,20-dione
21-Chloro-9β,11β-epoxy-17-hydroxy-16α-methylpregna-1,4-diene-3,20-dione
2,2-Dimethylcyclopropanecarboxamide
2,2-Diphenyl-4-piperidinovaleronitrile
2,2'-Dithiodibenzonitrile
2,2'-[(3,4-diethyl-1H-pyrrole-2,5-diyl)bis(methylene)] bis[4-methyl-5-[(phenylmethoxy)carbonyl]-1H-pyrrole-3-propanoic acid], dimethyl

ester

2,2',4'-Trichloroacetophenone
2,2-Dimethylpropionyloxymethyl(6R,7R)-7-[ (2z)-[2-[[ 2 )-[[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]amino]-4-thiazolyl](methoxyimino)acethyl]amino]-

8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]octa-2-ene-2-carboxylate

2,2,2-Trifluoroethanol
2,3-Epoxypropyl 4-(2-methoxyethyl)phenyl ether
2,3-Dimethyl-4-nitropyridine 1-oxide
2,3,4-Trihydroxybenzaldehyde
2,3,4,6-Tetra-O-benzyl-1-O-(trimethylsilyl)-β-D-glucose
2,3,4,6-Tetra-O-acetyl-β-D-glucopyranosyl carbamimidothioate hydrobromide
2,3,4,6-Tetrabenzyl-D-glucose
2,3,5-Trimethylhydroquinone
2,4'-Difluoro-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)acetophenone hydrochloride
2,4(3H,8H)-Pteridinedione
2,4-Dichloro-5-methanesulfonylbenzoic acid
2,5,7,8-Tetramethyl-2-(4-nitrophenoxymethyl)-4-oxochroman-6-yl acetate
2,6-Dichloro-4-methylnicotinonitrile
2,6-Diaminopyrimidin-4-ol
2,6-Difluorobenzylamine
2,6-Dichloro-5-fluoronicotinic acid
2,6-Diisopropylphenyl sulfamate
2,6-Dichloro-4,8-dipiperidinopyrimido(5,4-d)pyrimidine
2,7-Dichloro-6-methyl-4-[(4-methylpiperidino)methyl]-3-quinolinemethanol
3-[(E)-2-(7-Chloro-2-quinolyl)vinyl]benzaldehyde
3-Thienylmalonic acid
3-(Trichlorovinyl)aniline hydrochloride
3-Methylenecyclobutanecarbonitrile
3-Chloroformyl-o-tolyl acetate
3-Isopropoxy-5-methoxy-N-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)benzo[b]thiophene-2-carboxamide, sodium salt
3-Isopropoxy-5-methoxy-N-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)benzo[b]thiophene-2-carboxamide
3-Nitro-4-pyridone
3-(9,10-Dihydro-9,10-ethanoanthracen-9-yl)acrylaldehyde
3-Methyl-2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)butyronitrile
3-Aminopyrazole-4-carboxamide hemisulfate
3-Oxo-4-azaandrost-5-ene-17β-carboxylic acid
3-Methoxy-5-sulfamoyl-o-anisic acid
3-(4-Chloro-1,2,5-thiadiazol-3-yl)pyridine
3-(2-Chloroethyl)quinazoline-2,4(1H,3H)-dione
3-Methyl-4-(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)-2-pyridylmethanol
3-{[4-(4-Amidinophenyl)thiazol-2-yl][1-(carboxymethyl)-4-piperidyl]amino}propionic acid
3-(2-Chloro-6-fluorophenyl)-5-methylisoxazole-4-carbonyl chloride
3-(2-Chloroethyl)-6,7,8,9-tetrahydro-2-methyl-4H-pyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one hydrochloride
3-(2-Chloroethyl)-2-methyl-4H-pyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one
3-(4-Bromobenzyl)-2-butyl-4-chloro-1H-imidazol-5-ylmethanol
3-Methyl-2-(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)butyronitrile
3-(2-Aminoethyl)-N-methylindol-5-ylmethanesulfonamide
3-Oxoandrost-4-ene-17β-carboxylic acid
3-(4-Hexyloxy-1,2,5-thiadiazol-3-yl)-1-methylpyridinium iodide

CAS Number

364323-64-8
160194-39-8
979-02-2
150587-07-8
151265-34-8
83881-08-7
75885-58-4
5424-11-3
33174-74-2

149365-59-3

4252-78-2

135790-89-5

75-89-8
56718-70-8
37699-43-7
2144-08-3
80312-55-6
40591-65-9
4132-28-9
700-13-0
86386-75-6
487-21-8
2736-23-4
107188-34-1
50978-11-5
56-06-4
69385-30-4
82671-06-5
92050-02-7
7139-02-8
220998-08-3
120578-03-2
21080-92-2
81972-27-2
15760-35-7
167678-46-8
104795-68-8
104795-66-6
5435-54-1
38849-09-1
20850-49-1
27511-79-1
103335-54-2
66644-80-2
131986-28-2
5081-87-8
103577-66-8
180144-61-0
69399-79-7
93076-03-0
41078-70-0
151012-31-6
36622-33-0
88919-22-6
302-97-6
131988-19-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

3-(Cyanoimino)-3-piperidinopropiononitrile
3-(Aminomethyl)-5-methylhexanoic acid
3-Chloropropyl 2,5-xylyl ether
3-{(Z)-1-[4-(2-Dimethylaminoethoxy)phenyl]-2-phenylbut-1-enyl}phenol
3-[(3aS,4S,7aS)-7a-Methyl-1,5-dioxooctahydro-1H-inden-4-yl]propionic acid
3-Dimethylaminomethyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-9-methylcarbazol-4-one
3-Formylrifamycin
3-Oxo-4-aza-5α-androstane-17β-carboxylic acid
3-Acetoxymethyl-7-[(R)-2-formyloxy-2-phenylacetamido]-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid
3-(4-Nitrophenyl)-L-alanine
3-Amino-7-methyl-5-phenyl-1H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2(3H)-one
3-[2-(3-Chlorophenyl)ethyl]-2-pyridyl 1-methyl-4-piperidyl ketone hydrochloride
3-Chloropropyldimethylammonium chloride
3-[(S)-3-(L-Alanylamino)pyrrolidin-1-yl]-1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-4-oxo-1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine-3-carboxylic acid hydrochloride
3-Oxopregn-4-ene-21,17α-carbolactone
3-Isopropoxy-5-methoxy-N-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)benzo[b]thiophene-2-carboxamide--1H-imidazole (1:1)
3-Ethyl 5-methyl (±)-4-(2-chlorophenyl)-1,4-dihydro-2-[2-(1,3-dioxoisoindolin-2-yl)ethoxymethyl]pyridine-3,5-dicarboxylate
3-Methyl-7-(phenylacetamido)-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid
3-Methyl hydrogen 7-chloro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-2,3-dicarboxylate
3-[2-(3-Chlorophenyl)ethyl]pyridine-2-carbonitrile
3-(2,6-Dichlorophenyl)-5-methylisoxazole-4-carbonyl chloride
3-Acetoxy-o-toluic acid
3-(2-Chlorophenyl)-5-methylisoxazole-4-carbonyl chloride
3-(5H-Dibenzo[a,d]cyclohepten-5-ylpropyl)dimethylammonium chloride
3'-Acetyl-2'-hydroxy-4-(4-phenylbutoxy)benzanilide
3'-Amino-2'-hydroxyacetophenone hydrochloride
3'-Acetyl-4'-hydroxybutyranilide
3'-Azido-2',3'-dideoxy-5-methylcytidine hydrochloride
3'-Azido-3'-deoxy-5'-O-tritylthymidine
3'-O-Mesyl-5'-O-tritylthymidine
3',5'-Anhydrothymidine
3-((1R)-1-phenylethyl)(4S)-6-chloro-4-(2-cyclopropylethynyl)-4-(trifluoromethyl)-1,3,4-trihydroquinazolin-2-one
3-((2-(aminomethyl)cyclohexyl)methyl)-1,2,4-oxadiazol-5(4H)-one
3-((2-(aminomethyl)cyclohexyl)methyl)-1,2,4-oxadiazol-5(4H)-one hydrochloride
3-(2-amino-1-hydroxyethyl)-4-methoxybenzenesulfonamide
3-(2-Bromopropionyl)-4,4-dimethyl-1,3-oxazolan-2-one
3-(4-Trifluoromethylphenylamino)pentanoic acid amide
3-(Methoxymethyl)-7-(4,4,4-trifluorobutoxy)-4,5,10,3a-tetrahydro-3H,3aH-1,3-oxazolidino[3,4-a]quinolin-1-one
3-(Methylamino)-1-phenyl-1-propanol
3-(Methylphenylamino)-2-propenal
3-{(2S,3S)-2-hydroxy-3-[(3-hydroxy-2-methylbenzoyl)amino]-4-phenylbutanoyl}-5,5-dimethyl-N-(2-methylbenzyl)-1,3-thiazolidine-4-

carboxamide

3-Amino-2-pyrazinecarboxylic acid
3-Chloro-4-{[(3-fluorophenyl)methyl]oxy}aniline
3-Ethyl 5-methyl 2-[(2-aminoethoxy)methyl]-4-(2-chlorophenyl)-6-methyl-1,4-dihydropyridine-3,5-dicarboxylate
3-Hydroxy-2'-(N-benzyl-N-methylamino)acetophenone Hydrochloride
3-Methylpyridine-2-carboxylic acid
3-[(4S)-5-oxo-2-(trifluoromethyl)-1,4,5,6,7,8-hexahydro-4-quinolinyl]benzonitrile
3-[(Dimethylamino)methyl]-4-[4-(methylthio)phenoxy]benzenesulfonamide (R,R)-tartrate
3-[(Dimethylamino)methyl]-4-[4-(methylthio)phenoxy]benzenesulfonamide
3-[[(4S)-4-Sulfanyl-L-prolyl]amino]benzoic acid monohydrochloride
3β-Hydroxy-5α-spirostan-12-one
3,10-Dibromo-8-chloro-5,6-dihydro-5H-benzo[5,6]cyclohepta[1,2-b]pyridine
3,20-Dioxopregna-1,4,9(11),16-tetraen-21-yl acetate
3,3-Diphenyltetrahydrofuran-2-ylidene(dimethyl)ammonium bromide
3,3-Diethyl-5-(hydroxymethyl)pyridine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione
3,4-Dimethoxy-β-methylphenethylamine
3,4-Dimethoxyphenethylamine

85

CAS Number

56488-00-7
128013-69-4
31264-51-4
83647-29-4
1944-63-4
132659-89-3
13292-22-3
103335-55-3
87932-78-3
949-99-5
70890-50-5
107256-31-5
5407-04-5
122536-48-5
976-70-5
104795-67-7
103094-30-0
27255-72-7
170143-39-2
31255-57-9
4462-55-9
168899-58-9
25629-50-9
1614-57-9
136450-06-1
90005-55-3
40188-45-2
108895-45-0
29706-84-1
104218-44-2
38313-48-3
247565-04-4
227625-35-6
227626-75-7
189814-01-5
114341-88-7
667937-05-5
176773-87-8
42142-52-9
14189-82-3

186538-00-1

5424-01-1
202197-26-0
103129-82-4
71786-67-9
4021-07-2
172649-40-0
364323-49-9
364321-71-1
219909-83-8
467-55-0
272107-22-9
37413-91-5
37743-18-3
20096-03-1
55174-61-3
120-20-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

86
Product Name

3,4-(Methylenedioxy)phenol
3,4'-Dichloro-2'-[(5-chloro-2-pyridyl)carbamoyl]-6'-methoxy-4-[(2-methylamino-1H-imidazol-1-yl)methyl]thiophene-2-carboxanilide
3,4'-Dichloro-2'-[(5-chloro-2-pyridyl)carbamoyl]-6'-methoxy-4-[(2-methylamino-1H-imidazol-1-yl)methyl]thiophene-2-carboxanilide triflu-

oroacetate

3,4-di(1H-indol-3-yl)-1-methyl-1H-pyrrole-2,5-dione
3,4,5-Trimethoxyphenylacetonitrile
3,5-Di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxybenzaldehyde
3,5-Diacetamido-2,4,6-triiodobenzoic acid dihydrate
3,5-Dimethylpiperidine
3,5,9-trioxa-4-phosphaheptacosan-1-aminium,4-hydroxy-7-methoxy-N,N,N-trimethyl-, inner salt, 4-oxide,(R)-
3,5,9-Trioxa-4-phosphaheptacos-18-en-1-aminium, 4-hydroxy-N,N,N-trimethyl-10-oxo-7-[[(9Z)-1-oxo-9-octadecenyl]oxy]-,inner salt,

4-oxide, (7R,18Z)-

3,7,11-Trimethyldodeca-1,6,10-trien-3-ol
3,7,11,15-Tetramethylhexadec-1-en-3-ol
4-Amino-2-chloro-6,7-dimethoxyquinazoline
4-Methylpiperazin-1-ylamine
4-(4-Cyclohexyl-2-methyloxazol-5-yl)-2-fluorobenzenesulfonamide
4-(4-Chlorophenyl)piperidine-2,6-dione
4-Chloropyridine hydrochloride
4-(2-Butyl-5-formylimidazol-1-ylmethyl)benzoic acid
4-Nitrobenzyl 3-methylene-7-(phenoxyacetamido)cepham-4-carboxylate 5-oxide
4-Acetamido-5-chloro-o-anisic acid
4-(4-Bromophenyl)piperidin-4-ol
4-Bromo-2,2-diphenylbutyric acid
4-Chloro-2-[(Z)-(methoxycarbonyl)methoxyimino]-3-oxobutyric acid
4-Amino-6-chlorobenzene-1,3-di(sulfonyl chloride)
4-Nitrophenyl thiazol-5-ylmethyl carbonate hydrochloride
4-Methylvalerophenone
4-Methoxy-3,5-dimethyl-2-pyridylmethanol
4-Methylimidazole
4-tert-Butylbenzyl 2-{(2R,3S)-3-[(R)-1-(tert-butyldimethylsilyloxy)ethyl]-2-[(1R,3S)-3-methoxy-2-oxocyclohexyl]-4-oxoazetidin-1-yl}-2-

oxoacetate

4-(2,2,3,3-Tetrafluoropropoxy)cinnamonitrile
4-[5-(p-Tolyl)-3-(trifluoromethyl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]benzensulfonamide
4-Nitrobenzyl 7-amino-3-chloro-3-cephem-4-carboxylate
4-[1-Hydroxy-2-(methylamino)ethyl]phenol--L-tartaric acid (2:1)
4-[2-(Cyclopropylmethoxy)ethyl]phenol
4-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-3,4-dihydronaphthalen-1(2H)-one
4-Chloro-α,α,α-trifluoro-3-nitrotoluene
4-Fluorobenzyl-1H-benzimidazol-2-ylamine
4-(4-Methoxyphenyl)butan-2-one
4-Chloro-1'-(4-methoxyphenyl)benzohydrazide
4-Hydroxyindole
4-(2-Methyl-1H-imidazo[4,5-c]pyridin-1-yl)benzoic acid
4-Formyl-N-isopropylbenzamide
4-Carboxy-4-phenylpiperidinium p-toluenesulfonate
4-(4-Fluorobenzoyl)pyridinium p-toluenesulfonate
4-(2-Aminoethylthiomethyl)-1,3-thiazol-2-ylmethyl(dimethyl)amine, in the form of a solution in toluene
4-(4-Isopropylpiperazin-1-yl)phenol
4-Chloro-1-methylpiperidine hydrochloride
4-(5H-Dibenzo[a,d]cyclohepten-5-yl)piperidine
4-(4-Chlorophenyl)piperidin-4-ol
4-[(4-Mesylamino)phenyl]-4-oxobutyric acid
4-Bromo-2,2-diphenylbutanenitrile
4-Nitrobenzyl 6-(2-phenoxyacetamido)penicillanate 1-oxide
4-Amino-5-chloro-2-methoxybenzoic acid
4-Nitrobenzyl (4R,5R,6S)-3-(diphenoxyphosphoryloxy)-6-[(R)-1-hydroxyethyl]-4-methyl-7-oxo-1-azabicyclo[3.2.0]hept-2-ene-2-carboxylate
4-Amino-5-chloro-N-{1-[3-(4-fluorophenoxy)propyl]-3-methoxy-4-piperidyl}-2-methoxybenzamide

CAS Number

533-31-3
229336-92-9

229340-73-2

113963-68-1
13338-63-1
1620-98-0
50978-11-5
35794-11-7
77286-66-9

4235-95-4

7212-44-4
505-32-8
23680-84-4
6928-85-4
180200-68-4
84803-46-3
7379-35-3
152146-59-3
63427-57-6
24201-13-6
57988-58-6
37742-98-6
84080-70-6
671-89-6
154212-59-6
645-13-6
86604-78-6
822-36-6

159593-17-6

123632-23-5
169590-42-5
53994-83-5
16589-24-5
63659-16-5
79836-44-5
121-17-5
83783-69-1
104-20-1
16390-07-1
2380-94-1
132026-12-1
13255-50-0
83949-32-0

67914-97-0
5382-23-0
101904-56-7
39512-49-7
100632-57-3
391-86-58-8
29707-62-8
7206-70-4
90776-59-3
104860-73-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

87

Product Name

4-(4-Pyridyloxy)benzenesulfonylchloride hydrochloride
4-(4-Acetylpiperazin-4-yl)phenol
4-Hydrazonobenzenesulfonamide hydrochloride
4-Aminobenzyl-N-methylmethanesulfonamide hydrochloride
4-(5-Methyl-3-phenylisoxazol-4-yl)benzenesulfonamide
4-tert-Butylbenzenesulfonamide
4-Morpholin-2-ylpyrocatechol hydrochloride
4-Phenylpiperidin-4-ol
4-{4-[(11R)-3,10-Dibromo-8-chloro-5,6-dihydro-11H-benzo[5,6]cyclohepta[1,2-b]pyridin-11-yl]-piperidinocarbonylmethyl}piperidine-1-

carboxamide

4-Fluorobenzyl-4-(methylthio)phenyl ketone
4-(2-Methyl-2-phenylhydrazino)-5,6-dihydro-2-pyridone
4-[(S)-3-Amino-2-oxopyrrolidin-1-yl)benzonitrile hydrochloride
4-[4-(4-{4-[(3R,5R)-5-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-5-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)tetrahydrofuran-3-ylmethyloxy]phenyl}piperazin-1-yl)phenyl]-

1-[(1S,2S)-1-ethyl-2-hydroxypropyl]-1,2,4-triazol-5(4H)-one

4-Amino-6-chlorobenzene-1,3-disulfonamide
4-Aminobutyric acid
4-O-β-D-Galactopyranosyl-D-gluconic acid
4-Phenoxypyridine
4-Chloro-4'-fluorobutyrophenone
4-{4-[(11S)-3,10-Dibromo-8-chloro-5,6-dihydro-11H-benzo[5,6]cyclohepta[1,2-b]pyridin-11-yl]-piperidinocarbonylmethyl}piperidine-1-

carboxamide

4-Ethyl-2,3-dioxopiperazine-1-carbonyl chloride
4-Methoxybenzyl 3-chloromethyl-7-(2-phenylacetamido)-3-cephem-4-carboxylate
4-(4-Pyridyloxy)benzenesulfonic acid
4-(4-Phenylbutoxy)benzoic acid
4-(Piperazin-1-yl)-2,6-bis(pyrrolidin-1-yl)pyrimidine
4-Pyridylacetic acid hydrochloride
4'-Methylbiphenyl-2-carbonitrile
4'-Amidinosuccinanilic acid hydrochloride
4'-[2-(Dimethylamino)ethoxy]-2-phenylbutyrophenone
4'-tert-Butyl-4-chlorobutyrophenone
4'-Benzyloxy-2-[(1-methyl-2-phenoxyethyl)amino]propiophenone hydrochloride
4'-(2-Butyl-4-oxo-1,3-diazaspiro[4.4]non-1-en-3-ylmethyl)biphenyl-2-carbonitrile
4'-Demethylepipodophyllotoxin
4'-(Benzyloxycarbonyl)-4'-demethylepipodophyllotoxin
4'-(Bromomethyl)-(1,1́-biphenyl)-2-carbonitrile
4’-Bromomethyl-(1,1’-biphenyl)-2-carboxylic acid 1,1-dimethylethylester
4'-Chloro-1,1'-biphenyl-4-carbaldehyde
4-((1E)-2-cyclopropylvinyl)(4S)-6-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)-1,3,4-trihydroquinazolin-2-one
4-(1-Bromoethyl)-6-chloro-5-fluoropyrimidine
4-(1H-1,2,4-Triazol-1-ylmethyl)phenylamine
4-(2-(5-methyl-2-phenyloxazol-4-yl)ethoxy)benzaldehyde
4-(2-Piperidinoethoxy)benzaldehyde
4-(4-Chloro-1,2,5-thiadiazol-3-yl)morpholine as a solution in toluene
4-(4-Chloro-1,2,5-thiadiazol-3-yl)morpholine
4-(Nitroxy)butyl (2S)-2-(6-methoxy-2-naphthyl)propanoate
4-{[(3-{[(2,2-dimethylpropanoyl)oxy]methyl}-2,7-dimethyl-4-oxo-3,4-dihydroquinazolin-6-yl)methyl](prop-2-ynyl)amino}-2-fluorobenzoic

acid

4-{[(4-fluorophenyl)imino]methyl}phenol
4-Amino-1-carbethoxypiperidine
4-amino-1-[(2R,5S)-2,5-dihydro-5-(hydroxymethyl)-2-furanyl]-5-fluoro-2-(1H)-pyrimidone.
4-Amino-5-chloro-2-methoxy-N-(3-methoxy-piperidin-4-yl)-benzamide
4-Amino-5-ethyl-1-(2-methoxyethyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide
4-Amino-N-[2-(4-aminophenoxy)ethyl]-N-methylphenylethylamine
4-Chloro-6-ethyl-5-fluoropyrimidine
4-Chloromethyl-5-methyl-1,3-dioxol-2-one
4-Chlorophenyl 4-(methylsulfanyl)phenyl ether

CAS Number

192330-49-7
67914-60-7
17852-52-7
88918-84-7
181695-72-7
6292-59-7
13062-59-4
40807-61-2

193275-84-2

87483-29-2
139122-76-2
175873-08-2

171228-49-2

121-30-2
56-12-2
96-82-2
4783-86-2
3874-54-2

193275-85-3

59703-00-3
104146-10-3
192329-80-9
30131-16-9
111641-17-9
6622-91-9
114772-53-1
149177-92-4
68047-07-4
43076-61-5
35205-50-6
138401-24-6
6559-91-7
23363-33-9
114772-54-2
114772-40-6
80565-30-6
214287-99-7
188416-28-6
119192-10-8
103788-59-6
26815-04-3
30165-96-9
30165-96-9
163133-43-5

140373-09-7

3382-63-6
58859-46-4
134379-77-4
221180-26-3
334828-10-3
115256-13-8
137234-74-3
80841-78-7
225652-11-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

88
Product Name

4-Cyclohexyl-pyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid
4-Hydroxy-2-oxo-1,2,5,6-tetrahydropyridine-3-carboxylic acid methyl ester sodium salt
4-Methoxyphenyl chloroformate
4-Methyl-2-propylbenzimidazole-6-carboxylic acid
4-Methyl-2,6-bis(methyloxy)-8-nitro-5-{[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]oxy}quinoline
4-Methyl-2,6-bis(methyloxy)-5-{[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]oxy}-8-quinolinamine
4-Methyl-2,6-bis(methyloxy)quinoline
4-Methyl-6-(methyloxy)-2(1H)-quinolinone
4-Thia-2,6-diazabicyclo[3.2.0]hept-2-ene-6-acetic acid, α-(1-methylethenyl)-7-oxo-3-(phenylmethyl)-, diphenylmethyl ester
4-[(1R)-2-(tert-Butylamino)-1-hydroxyethyl]-2-(hydroxymethyl)phenol hydrochloride
4-[(3-aminopyridin-2-yl)amino]phenol
4-[2-(1-piperidinyl)ethoxy]benzoyl chloride hydrochloride in the form of a solution in 1,2-dichloroethane
4-[2-(1-piperidinyl)ethoxy]benzoyl chloride hydrochloride
4-[2-(2-amino-4-oxo-4,7-dihydro-3H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-5-yl)ethyl]benzoic acid
4-[2-(5-methyl-2-phenyl-4-oxazolyl)ethoxybenzo[b]thiophene-7-carboxaldehyde
4-[2-Ethoxy-5-(4-methyl-1-piperazinylsulfonyl)benzamido]-1-3-propyl-1H-pyrazole-5-carboxamide
4-[5-(4-Fluorophenyl)-3-(trifluoromethyl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]benzenesulfonamide
4,4-Difluorocyclohexylcarboxylic acid
4,4,5,5,5-Pentafluoropentan-1-ol
4,5,6,7-Tetrahydrothieno[3,2-c]pyridine hydrochloride
4,6-Dibromo-3-fluoro-o-toluic acid
4,6-Dichloro-5-(2-methoxyphenoxy)-2,2'-bipyrimidinyl
4,6-Difluoroindan-1-one
5-Chloro-1-(4-piperidyl)-1H-benzimidazol-2(3H)-one
5-(1-Methyl-4-piperidyl)-5H-dibenzo[a,d]cyclohepten-5-ol hydrochloride
5-[(2-Aminoethyl)amino]-2-(2-diethylaminoethyl)-2H-[1]benzothiopyrano[4,3,2-cd]indazol-8-ol
5-Methyl-2-(2-nitroanilino)thiophene-3-carbonitrile
5-(4'-Methylbiphenyl-2-yl)-1-trityl-1H-tetrazole
5-Hydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahyudro-1-naphthone
5-(4-Chlorophenyl)-1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4-methyl-N-piperidino-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide
5-(N,N-Dibenzylglycyl)salicylamide
5-[(R)-(2-Aminopropyl)]-2-methoxybenzenesulfonamide
5-(3-Dimethylaminopropyl)-10,11-dihydrodibenzo[a,d]cyclohepten-5-ol
5-Iodouracil
5-(2-Aminoethylthiomethyl)furfuryldimethylamine
5-Methyluracil
5-Methyl-N-[4-(sulfamoyl)phenethyl]pyrazine-2-carboxamide
5-Bromo-3-[(R)-1-methylpyrrolidin-2-ylmethyl]indole
5-Chloro-1-methyl-4-nitroimidazole
5-Chloroindolin-2-one
5-[(Benzofuran-2-ylcarbonyl)amino]indole-2-carboxylic acid
5-Amino-2,4,6-triiodoisophthalic acid
5-Methanesulfonamidoindole-2-carboxylic acid
5-Glyoxyloylsalicylamide hydrate
5-Methoxybenzimidazole-2-thiol
5-Chloro-2-[3-(hydroxymethyl)-5-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl]benzophenone
5-Amino-2,4,6-triiodoisophthaloyl dichloride
5-Methyl-1,3,4-thiadiazole-2-thiol
5-Amino-N,N'-bis[2-acetoxy-1-(acetoxymethyl)ethyl]-2,4,6-triiodoisophthalamide
5-Chloro-2-(3-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl)benzophenone
5-Ethyl-4-(2-phenoxyethyl)-4H-1,2,4-triazol-3(2H)-one
5-Methyl-3,4-diphenyl-4,5-dihydroisoxazol-5-ol
5-Methyl-3-phenylisoxazole-4-carbonyl chloride
5-Methyluridine
5-Methyluridine hemihydrate
5-Acetylsalicylamide
5-Methylpyrazine-2-carboxylic acid
5-Methyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-pyrido[4,3-b]indol-1-one

CAS Number

103201-78-1
198213-15-9
7693-41-6
152628-03-0
189746-15-4
106635-86-3
6340-55-2
5342-23-4
63457-21-6
50293-90-8
78750-68-2
84449-81-0
84449-81-0
137281-39-1
475480-88-7
200575-15-1
170569- 88-7
122665-97-8
148043-73-6
28783-41-7
119916-27-7
150728-13-5
162548-73-4
53786-28-0
4046-24-6
119221-49-7
138564-59-7
124750-53-4
28315-93-7
168273-06-1
30566-92-8
112101-81-2
1159-03-1
696-07-1
66356-53-4
65-71-4
33288-71-0
143322-57-0
4897-25-0
17630-75-0
110314-42-6
35453-19-1
150975-95-4
141862-47-7
37052-78-1
38150-27-5
37441-29-5
29490-19-5
148051-08-5
36916-19-5
95885-13-5
181696-73-1
16883-16-2
1463-10-1
25954-21-6
40187-51-7
5521-55-1
122852-75-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

5-Amino-N,N'-bis[2,3-dihydroxypropyl)-2,4,6-triiodoisophthalamide
5'-Benzoyl-2',3'-didehydro-3'-deoxythymidine
5'-O-Tritylthymidine
5-(3-Chloropropyl)-3-methylisoxazole
5-(4-fluorophenyl)-5-oxopentanoic acid
5-(8-amino-7-chloro(2H,3H-benzo[e]1,4-dioxan-5-yl))-3-[1-(2-phenylethyl)(4-piperidyl)]-1,3,4-oxadiazolin-2-one
5-(chloromethyl)-1,2-dihydro-3H-1,2,4-triazol-3-one
5-amino-2,4,6-triiodo-3-(N-2-hydroxyethyl) carbamoyl benzoic acid
5-Bromotryptophan
5-Chloro-4-methyl-2,6-bis(methyloxy)quinoline
5-Chloro-4-methyl-2,6-bis(methyloxy)-8-nitroquinoline
5-Deoxy-D-ribofuranose triacetate
5-Methoxy-2H-chromen-2-one
5-Thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid, 7-amino-3-ethenyl-8-oxo-, (6R-trans)
5-[(2,4-Dioxo-1,3-thiazolidin-5-yl)methyl]-2-(methyloxy)-N-[[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]methyl]benzamide
5-[3,5-dichlorophenyl)thio]-4-(1-methylethyl)-1-(4-pyridinylmethyl)-1H-imidazole-2-methanol
5,5-Bis(4-pyridylmethyl)-5H-cyclopenta[2,1-b:3,4-b']dipyridine hydrate
5,5'-[(3,4-diethyl-1H-pyrrole-2,5-diyl)bis(methylene)]bis[4-(3-hydroxypropyl)-3-methyl-1H-pyrrole-2-carboxaldehyde]
5,6-Dimethoxypyrimidin-4-ylamine
5,6-Dihydro-4-oxo-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiine-2-sulfonamide
5,6-Dihydro-4-oxo-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiine-2-sulfonamide 7,7-dioxide
5,6,7,8-Tetrahydroquinoline
5,8-Dihydro-1-naphthol
5H-Dibenz[b,f]azepine
5H-Dibenzo[a,d]cyclohepten-5-one
6-Iodo-1H-purin-2-ylamine
6-Methoxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)benzo[b]thiophene
6-Aminopenicillanic acid
6-Methoxy-2-naphthaldehyde
6-Bromo-2-pyridyl p-tolyl ketone
6-Amino-5-formamido-1,3-dimethyluracil
6-Methoxy-1H-purin-2-ylamine
6-Chloroindol-2(3H)-one
6-Chloronicotinic acid
6-Ethyl-5-fluoropyrimidin-4(1H)-one
6-Benzyl-1-(ethoxymethyl)-5-isopropylpyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione
6-Hydroxynicotinic acid
6-[3-Fluoro-5-(4-methoxytetrahydropyran-4-yl)phenoxymethyl]-1-methyl-2-quinolone
6-Amino-9H-purin-9-ylethanol
6-Chloro-5-(2-chloroethyl)indol-2(3H)-one
6-Methoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthone
6-Dimethoxyindan-1-one
6-Bromo-2-naphthyl methyl ether
6-(2-(4-(4-fluorobenzyl)piperidin-1-yl)ethylsulfinyl)benzo[d]oxazol-2(3H)-one
6-(5-Chloropyridin-2-yl)-7-hydroxy-6,7-dihydro-5H-pyrrolo[3,4-b]pyrazin-5-one
6-(5-Chloropyridin-2-yl)-7-oxo-6,7-dihydro-5H-pyrrolo[3,4-b]pyrazin-5-yl piperazine-1-carboxylate
6-(5-Chloropyridin-2-yl)-5H-pyrrolo[3,4-b]pyrazine-5,7(6H)-dione
6-(Benzyloxy)-3-bromo-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-1-benzothiophene, 1-oxide
6-(Benzyloxy)-9H-purin-2-amine
6-{(E)-2-[4-(4-fluorophenyl)-2,6-diisopropyl-5-(methoxymethyl)-3-pyridinyl]ethenyl}-4-hydroxytetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-one
6-Amino-2-iodo-3,4-dimethoxybenzonitrile
6-chloro-4-(2-ethyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl)-2-methoxypyridin-3-yl]methanol
6-Fluoro-9-methyl-2-phenyl-4-(pyrrolidinylcarbonyl)-2-hydro-β-carbolin-1-one
6-Iodo-4(1H)-quinazolinone
6α,9-Difluoro-11β,17α-dihydroxy-16α-methyl-3-oxoandrosta-1,4-diene-17β-carboxylic acid
6,6-Dibromopenicillanic acid, 1,1-dioxide
6,6-Dimethyl-2(E)-Hepten-4-yn-1-ol
6,7-Bis(2-methoxyethoxy)quinazolin-4(1H)-one

89

CAS Number

76801-93-9
122567-97-9
55612-11-8
130800-76-9
149437-76-3
191023-43-5
252742-72-6
22871-58-5
6548-09-0
189746-19-8
189746-21-2
37076-71-4
51559-36-5
79349-82-9
213252-19-8
178981-89-0
139781-09-2
149365-62-8
5018-45-1
105951-31-3
105951-35-7
10500-57-9
27673-48-9
256-96-2
2222-33-5
19690-23-4
63675-74-1
551-16-6
3453-33-6
87848-95-1
7597-60-6
20535-83-5
56341-37-8
5326-23-8
137234-87-8
149950-60-7
5006-66-6
140841-32-3
707-99-3
118289-55-7
1078-19-9
2107-69-9
5111-65-9
253450-09-8
43200-81-3
59878-63-6
43200-82-4
182133-09-1
19916-73-5
158878-46-7
192869-24-2
183433-66-1
205881-86-3
16064-08-7
28416-82-2
76646-91-8
173200-56-1
179688-29-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

90
Product Name

6,7-Dichloro-2,3-dimethoxyquinoxalin-5-ylamine
6,7-Dimethoxyquinazoline-2,4(1H,3H)-dione
7-Ethyl-3-[2-(trimethylsilyloxy)ethyl]indole
7-Chloro-5-(2-fluorophenyl)-3-methyl-2-(nitromethylene)-2,3-dihydro-1H-1,4-benzodiazepine 4-oxide
7-[3-(tert-Butoxycarbonylamino)pyrrolidin-1-yl]-8-chloro-1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
7-Aminocephalosporanic acid
7-{(S)-3-[(S)-2-(tert-Butoxycarbonylamino)-1-oxopropylamino]pyrrolidin-1-yl}-1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-4-oxo-1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine-

3-carboxylic acid

7-Amino-3-(2-furoylthiomethyl)-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid
7-Bromo-1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-5-methyl-4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
7-Amino-3-[1-(sulfomethyl)-1H-tetrazol-5-ylthiomethyl]-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid, sodium salt
7-[(R)-Amino(phenyl)acetamido]-3-methyl-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid dimethylformamide (2:1)
7-Chloro-6-fluoro-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
7-Amino-3-[(5-methyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)thiomethyl]-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid
7-[(D)-Mandelamido]cephalosporanic acid
7-Chloro-1-(4-methoxy-2-methylphenyl)-2,3-dihydro-5H-pyridazino[4,5-b]quinoline-1,4,10-trione,sodium salt
7-Chloro-2-methylquinoline
7-Chloro-1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-4-oxo-1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine-3-carboxylic acid
7-Chloro-1-cyclopropyl-6-fluoro-4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
7-Amino-3-methoxymethyl-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid
7-Amino-3-methyl-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid
7-Amino-3-[(Z)-prop-1-enyl]-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid
7-Chloro-5-(2-fluorophenyl)-2-(nitromethylene)-2,3-dihydro-1H-1,4-benzodiazepine
7-Amino-3-(1-methyltetrazol-5-ylthiomethyl)-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid
7-Chloro-5-(2-fluorophenyl)-1H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2(3H)-one
7-Chloro-1-ethyl-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
7-Methoxy-6-(3-morpholinopropoxy)-3,4-dihydroquinazolin-4-one
7-[(3R)-3-amino-1-oxo-4-(2,4,5-trifluorophenyl)butyl]-5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-3-(trifluoromethyl)-1,2,4-triazolo[4,3-a]pyrazine phosphate

(1:1) monohydrate

7-[(bromoacetyl)amino]-7-methoxy-3-[[(1-methyl-1H-tetrazol-5-yl)thio]-methyl]-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4,2,0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic

acid

7-[2-(2-Amino-5-chloro-thiazol-4-yl)-2-hydroxyiminoacetylamino]-3-[3-(2-amino-ethylsulfanylmethyl)pyridin-4-ylsulfanyl]-8-oxo-5-thia-

1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid

7,11-Methano-5H-cyclodeca [3,4]benz[1,2-β]oxet-5-one,6,12β- bis(acetyloxy)-12-(benzoyloxy)-1,2α,3,4,4α,6,9,10,11,12,12α,12β-do-

decahydro-9-11-dihydroxy-4α,8,13,13-tetramethyl-4-[(triethylsilyl)oxy]-, (2αR,4S,4αS,6R,9S,11S,12S,12αR,12βS)-

7,11-Methano-5H-cyclodeca [3,4]benz[1,2-b]oxet-5-one,12β-(acetyloxy)-12-(benzoyloxy)-1,2α,3,4,4α,6,9,10,11,12,12α,12β-dodecahydro-

9-11-trihydroxy-4α,8,13,13-tetramethyl-4-[(triethylsilyl)oxy]-, (2αR,4S,4αS,6R,9S,11S,12S,12αR,12βS)-
7,8-Dihydro-6-oxa-1,8a-diazaacenaphthylene-2-carboxylic acid 8-methyl-8-aza-bicyclo[3.2.1]oct-3-yl ester
8-Azaspiro[4.5]decane-7,9-dione
8-Chloro-11-(4-piperidylidene)-5,6-dihydro-11H-benzo[5,6]cyclohepta[1,2-b]pyridine
8-Chloro-6-(2-fluorophenyl)-1-methyl-3a,4-dihydro-3H-imidazo[1,5-a][1,4]benzodiazepine
8-Chloro-6,11-dihydro-11-(1-methyl-4-piperidylidene)-5H-benzo[5,6]cyclohepta[1,2-b]pyridine
8-Chloro-6-(2-fluorophenyl)-1-methyl-4H-imidazo[1,5-a][1,4]benzodiazepine-3-carboxylic acid
8-Chloro-5,6-dihydro-11H-benzo[5,6]cyclohepta[1,2-b]pyridin-11-one
8-chloro-5-[(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoyl]-11-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)-5H-dibenzo[b,e][1,4]diazepine
8-Fluoro-2-{4-[(methylamino)methyl]phenyl}-1,3,4,5-tetrahydro-6H-azepino[5,4,3-cd]indol-6-one
8,10-Dioxospiro[bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane-2,5'-imidazolidine]-6-carboxylic acid
9-Methoxyfuro[3,2-g]chromen-7-one
9-(3-Methylbut-2-enyloxy)-7H-furo[3,2-g]chromen-7-one
9-Bromononyl-4,4,5,5,5-pentafluoropentyl sulfide
9, 11, 15-trioxa-6-aza-10-phosphatritriacont-24-enoic acid, 10-hydroxy-5,16-dioxo-13-[[(9Z)-1-oxo-9-octadecenyl]oxy]-,10-oxide,

(13R,24Z-

9-(7,8-Bis-benzyloxy-2-methyl-hexahydropyrano[3,2-d][1,3]dioxin-6-yloxy)- 5-(4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl)-5,8,8α,9-tetrahydro-

5αH-furo[3',4':6,7]naphtho[2,3-d][1,3]dioxol-6-one

9-chloro-5-ethyl-1,4,5,13-tetrahydro-5-hydroxy-10-methyl-12-[(4-methylpiperidino)methyl]-3H,15H-oxepino[3’,4’:6,7]indolizino[1,2-

b]quinoline-3,15-dione monohydrochloride

9β,11β-Epoxy-17α,21-dihydroxy-16β-methylenepregna-1,4-diene-3,20-dione
9β,11β-Epoxy-17,21-dihydroxy-16α-methylpregna-1,4-diene-3,20-dione

CAS Number

178619-89-1
28888-44-0
185453-89-8
59469-63-5
105956-96-5
957-68-6

122536-91-8

80370-59-8
119916-34-6
71420-85-4
39754-02-4
98105-79-4
30246-33-4
51818-85-0
170142-29-7
4965-33-7
100361-18-0
86393-33-1
24701-69-7
22252-43-3
106447-44-3
59467-63-9
24209-38-9
2886-65-9
68077-26-9
199327-61-2

654671-77-9

61807-78-1

189448-35-9

115437-21-3

115437-18-8

223570-85-2
1075-89-4
100643-71-8
59467-69-5
38092-89-6
59468-44-9
31251-41-9
225916-82-5
283173-50-2
186462-71-5
298-81-7
482-44-0
148757-89-5

228706-30-7

473799-30-3

220997-99-9

981-34-0
24916-90-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

Acetyldigoxin
Adenosine
Ammonium (Z)-2-methoxyimino-2-(2-furyl)acetate
Ammonium (3R,5R)-7-{(1S,2S,6R,8S,8aR)-1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydro-2,6-dimethyl-8-[(2S)-2-methylbutyryloxy]-1-naphthyl}-3,5-dihydrox-

yheptanoate

Ammonium (3R,5R)-7-[(1S,2S,6R,8S,8aR)-8-(2,2-dimethylbutyryloxy)-1,2,6,7,8a-hexahydro-2,6-dimethyl-1-naphthyl]-3,5-dihydroxy-

heptanoate

Arginine L-glutamate (INNM)
Atropine
Benzenepropanoic acid,.β,-(benzoylamino)-.α.-(1-methoxy-1-methylethoxy)-(2αR,4S,4αS,6R,9S,11S,12S,12αR,12βS)-6,12-β-

bis(acetyloxy)-12-(benzoyloxy)-2α,3,4,4α,5,6,9,10,11,12,12-α,12β-dodecahydro-11-hydroxy-4α,8,13,13-tetramethyl-5-oxo-4-[(tri-
ethylsilyl)oxy]-7,11-methano-1H-cyclodeca[3,4]benz[1,2-b]oxet-9-yl ester (.α.R.β.S)-

Benzenethiol, 3-methoxy-
Benzhydryl 6-(4-methylbenzamido)penicillanic acid 4-oxide
Benzhydryl 3-hydroxy-7-(phenylacetamido)cepham-4-carboxylate
Benzhydryl 7-{(Z)-2-[2-(tert-butoxycarbonylamino)thiazol-4-yl]-4-(3-methylbut-2-enyloxycarbonyl)-but-2-enamido}-3-cephem-4-carboxylate
Benzyl L-alaninate--p-toluenesulfonic acid (1:1)
Benzyl (1R,2S)-3-chloro-2-hydroxy-1-(phenylthiomethyl)propylcarbamate
Benzyl hydroxy(4-phenylbutyl)phosphinoylacetate
Benzyl (1S,2S)-3-[(3S,4aS,8aS)-3-tert-butylcarbamoylperhydro-2-isoquinolyl]-2-hydroxy-1-(phenylthiomethyl)propylcarbamate
Benzyl (3-fluoro-4-morpholinophenyl)carbamate
Benzyl (1S,2R)-1-carbamoyl-2-hydroxypropylcarbamate
Benzyl (1-carbamoyl-2-hydroxypropyl)carbamate
Benzyl(2-pyridyl)amine
Benzyl(methyl)amine
Benzyl(tert-butyl)(4-hydroxy-3-hydroxymethyl-4-oxophenethyl)ammonium chloride
Bis(isopropyloxycarbonyloxy)methyl [(R)-2-(6-amino-9H-purin-9-yl)-1-methylethoxy]methyl-phosphonate--fumaric acid (1:1)
Bis(N-methyl-N-phenylhydrazine) sulfate
Blood-coagulation factor XIVa
Bromomethylcyclopropane
Calcium gluconate lactate
Calcium bis(4-O-(β-D-galactopyranosyl)-D-gluconate) dihydrate
Calcium bis(4-O-(β-D-galactopyranosyl)-D-gluconate)--calcium bromide (1:1)
Carbamic acid 2-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxyethyl ester
Carbenoxolone, dicholine salt (INNM)
Carbonic acid, 4-[(5R,5aR,8aR,9S)-5,5a,6,8,8a,9-hexahydro-6-oxo-9-[[2,3,4,6-tetrakis-O-(phenylmethyl)-.β.-D-glucopyra-

nosyl]oxy]furo[3',4':6,7]naphtho[2,3-d]-1,3-dioxol-5-yl]-2,6-dimethoxyphenyl phenylmethyl ester

Casanthranol
Cephalosporin D dicyclohexylamine salt
Chloromethyl isopropyl carbonate
Chloromethyl pivalate
Chlorophenesin Carbamate (INNM)
cis-1-[3-(4-Fluorophenoxy)propyl]-3-methoxy-4-piperidylamine
cis-2-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-ylmethanol
cis-4-(Benzyloxycarbonyl)cyclohexylammonium tosylate
Codeine phosphate hemihydrate
Cyclobutanecarboxylic acid
Cyclohexyl(hydroxy)phenylacetic acid
Cyclohexylammonium 1-[(S)-2-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)-3-(2-methoxyethoxy)propyl]-cyclopentanecarboxylate
Cytidine 5'-(dihydrogen phosphate)
Cytosine
D-(-)-3-Acetylthio-2-methylpropionic acid
D-α-Phenylglycine
D-Ribose
D-Mandelic acid
D-2-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)glycine
D-(-)-3-Acetylthio-2-methylpropionyl chloride
D-Glucopyranose, 2,3,4,6-tetrakis-O-(phenylmethyl)

91

CAS Number

5511-98-8
58-61-7
97148-39-5

77550-67-5

139893-43-9

4320-30-3
51-55-8

149107-93-7

15570-12-4
77887-68-4
51762-51-7
174761-17-2
42854-62-6
159878-02-1
87460-09-1
159878-04-3
168828-81-7
49705-98-8
91558-42-8
6935-27-9
103-67-3
24085-08-3
202138-50-9
618-26-8
42617-41-4
7051-34-5
11116-97-5
110638-68-1
33659-28-8
194085-75-1
74203-92-2

270071-40-4

8024-48-4
54122-50-8
35180-01-9
18997-19-8
886-74-8
104860-26-6
67914-85-6
67299-45-0
41444-62-6
3721-95-7
4335-77-7
167944-94-7
63-37-6
71-30-7
76497-39-7
875-74-1
50-69-1
611-71-2
22818-40-2
74345-73-6
6564-72-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

92
Product Name

Danaparoid sodium
Deoxyribonuclease
Dexibuprofen lysine (INNM)
Dibenzoyl-L-tartaric acid
Dibenzyl 1-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)ethylphosphate
Diemthyl 2-[(S)-1-(tert-butoxycarbonylaminomethyl)-2-(5-ethoxycarbonyl-2-thienyl)propylthio]malonate
Dienestrol di(acetate) (INNM)
Diethyl (6-chloro-9H-carbazol-2-yl)methylmalonate
Diethyl dipropylmalonate
Diethyl L-glutamate hydrochloride
Diethyl N-{5-[2-(6S)-2-amino-4-oxo-4,6,7,8-tetrahydro-3H-pyrimido[5,4-b][1,4]thiazin-6-yl)-ethyl]-2-thenoyl)-L-glutamate
Diethyl (tosyloxy)methylphosphonate
Diethyl ethoxymethylenemalonate
Diethyl (1-cyano-3-methylbutyl)malonate
Diethylphosphoryl-(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(tert-butoxycarbonyl-isopropoxy)iminoacetate
Diethylstilbestrol dibutyrate (INNM)
Diethylstilbestrol dipropionate (INNM)
Dihydroxyacetic acid, 2S-isopropyl-5R-methyl-1R-cyclohexyl ester
Diisopropyl phosphorofluoridate
Dimethyl (o-methoxyphenoxy)malonate
Dimethyl cyanocarbonimidodithioate
Dimethyl chloromalonate
Dimethyl 4-cyano-4-[3-(cyclopentyloxy)-4-(methyloxy)phenyl]heptanedioate
Dimethyl{2-[5-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)indol-3-yl]ethyl}amine
Diphenylmethyl (6R,7R)-3-methylsulfonyloxy-8-oxo-7-phenylacetylamino-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylate
Diphenylmethyl (6R,7R)-7-[(Z)-2-(2-tert-butoxycarbonylaminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(triphenylmethyloxyimino)acetamido]-8-oxo-3-(1H-1,2,3-

triazol-4-yl)thiomethylthio-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylate

Diphenylmethyl(2S,5R)-6,6-dibromo-3,3-dimethyl-7-oxo-4-thia-1-[3.2.0]heptane-2-carboxylate 4-oxide
Diphenyl[(S)-pyrrolidin-3-yl]acetonitrile hydrobromide
Diphenymethyl (6R,7R)-7-amino-3-methanesulfonyloxy-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylate monohydrochloride
Disodium 2,5-dihydro-5-thiooxo-1H-tetrazol-1-ylmethanesulfonate
Disodium (2S,3R)-2-hydroxy-3-isobutylsuccinate
Dithiothreitol
DL-5-(1,2-Dithiolan-3-yl)valeramide
DL-α-Hydroxy-β,β-dimethyl-γ-butyrolactone
DNA d(P-thio) (G-A-T-C-C-G-C-G-G-G-A-A-A-T) , tridecasodium salt
DNA, d(P-thio) (C-T-A-G-A-T-T-T-C-C-C-G-C-G), tridecasodium salt
Enoxolone dihydrogen phosphate (INNM)
Ethanone, 2-chloro-1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-
Ethchlorvynol carbamate (INNM)
Ethyl 1-methyl-5-nitro-1H-indole-2-carboxylate
Ethyl 1-cyclopropyl-6,7-difluoro-4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylate
Ethyl (7-chloro-2,4-dioxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinazolin-1-yl)acetate
Ethyl [3-(4-bromo-2-fluorobenzyl)-7-chloro-2,4-dioxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinazolin-1-yl]acetate
Ethyl 3-(3-{(S)-1-[4-(N'-2-hydroxyamidino)phenyl]-2-oxopyrrolidin-3-yl}ureido)propionate
Ethyl (2-formamido-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)glyoxylate
Ethyl 7-bromo-1-cyclopropyl-8-(difluoromethoxy)-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylate
Ethyl 2-cyano-3-ethoxyacrylate
Ethyl 1-methyl-5-[4'-(trifluoromethyl)[1,1'-biphenyl]-2-carboxamido]-1H-indole-2-carboxylate
Ethyl 2-oxo-4-phenylbutyrate
Ethyl ((7S)-7-{[(2R)-2-(3-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxyethyl]amino}-5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-2-naphthyloxy)-acetate hydrochloride
Ethyl-5-[(3R)-4-amino-3-hydroxybutyl]thiophene-2-carboxylate
Ethyl 4-oxopiperidine-1-carboxylate
Ethyl 1H-tetrazole-5-carboxylate, sodium salt
Ethyl 4-(5-chloro-2,3-dihydro-2-oxo-1H-benzimidazol-2-yl)piperidine-1-carboxylate
Ethyl 4,6-dichloro-3-formylindole-2-carboxylate
Ethyl 3,4-dihydroxybenzoate
Ethyl 3-({4-[4-(N-ethoxycarbonylamidino)phenyl]thiazol-2-yl}[1-(ethoxycarbonylmethyl)-4-piperidyl]amino)propionate

CAS Number

83513-48-8
9003-98-9
113403-10-4
2743-38-6
194602-25-0
186521-41-5
84-19-5
71208-55-4
6065-63-0
1118-89-4
177575-19-8
31618-90-3
87-13-8
186038-82-4
179258-52-7
74664-03-2
130-80-3
111969-64-3
55-91-4
(none)
10191-60-3
28868-76-0
152630-48-3
144034-80-0
92096-37-2

140128-37-6

113891-01-3
194602-27-2
127111-98-2
66242-82-8
157604-22-3
3483-12-3
3206-73-3
79-50-5
744239-10-9
362543-73-5
18416-35-8
2196-99-8
74283-25-3
71056-57-0
98349-25-8
112733-45-6
112733-28-5
175873-10-6
64987-03-7
194805-07-7
94-05-3
481659-93-2
64920-29-2
121524-09-2
208337-84-2
29976-53-2
96107-94-7
53786-46-2
153435-96-2
3943-89-3
190841-79-3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

93

Product Name

Ethyl (S)-2-[(S)-4-methyl-2,5-dioxo-1,3-oxazolidin-3-yl]-4-phenylbutyrate
Ethyl 2-(2-chloro-4,5-difluorobenzoyl)-3-(2,4-difluoroanilino)acrylate
Ethyl (S)-3-{4-[bis(2-chloroethyl)amino]phenyl}-2-phthalimidopropionate hydrochloride
Ethyl-5-[(3R)-4-(tert-butoxycarbonylamino)-3-hydroxybutyl]thiophene-2-carboxylate
Ethyl 7-chloro-1-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-6-fluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxonaphthyridine-3-carboxylate
Ethyl hydrogen (2-thienylmethyl)malonate
Ethyl 1-ethyl-6,7,8-trifluoro-1,4-dihydro-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylate
Ethyl 7-chloro-2-oxoheptanoate
Ethyl-5-(but-3-enyl)thiophene-2-carboxylate
Ethyl (Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetate
Ethyl (R)-2-hydroxy-4-phenylbutyrate
Ethyl [3-(cyanomethyl)-4-oxo-3,4-dihydrophthalazin-1-yl]acetate
Ethyl 2-(hydroxyimino)-2-[2-(tritylamino)thiazol-4-yl]acetate hydrochloride
Ethyl 4-[1-(4-fluorobenzyl)-1H-benzimidazol-2-ylamino]piperidine-1-carboxylate
Ethyl DL-mandelate
Ethyl 3-(2-chloro-4,5-difluorophenyl)-3-hydroxyacrylate
Ethyl 6-chloronicotinate
Ethyl (1-cyanocyclohexyl)acetate
Ethyl 2-chloronicotinate
Ethyl-5-[(3S)-3-(acetylthio)-4-tert-butoxycarbonylamino)butyl]thiophene-2-carboxylate
Ethyl (S)-3-[(4,4-difluorocyclohexyl)carboxamido]-3-phenylpropanoate
Ethyl 2-(3-formyl-4-isobutoxyphenyl)-4-methyl-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxylate
Ethyl 2-oxopyrrolidin-2-ylacetate
Ethyl N-{2-[(acetylthio)methyl]-3-(o-tolyl)-1-oxopropyl}-L-methionate
Ethyl 1-cyclopropyl-8-(difluoromethoxy)-1,4-dihydro-7-((1R)-1-methyl-2-tritylisoindolin-5-yl)-4-oxoquinoline-3-carboxylate
Ethyl tetrazole-5-carboxylate
Ethyl 4-(2-amino-4-chloroanilino)piperidine-1-carboxylate
Ethyl 7-chloro-2-oxoheptanoate, in the form of a solution in toluene
Ethyl-5-[(3R)-4-(tert-butoxycarbonylamino)-3-(mesyloxy)butyl]thiophene-2-carboxylate
Ethyl-5-[(3R)-3,4-dihydroxybutyl]thiophene-2-carboxylate
Ethyl 2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-hydroxyiminoacetate
Ethyl (6S)-5-[2-(2-amino-4-oxo-4,6,7,8-tetrahydro-3H-pyrimido[5,4-b][1,4]thiazin-6-yl]thiophene-2-carboxylate
Ethyl (S)-3-aminopent-4-ynoate hydrochloride
Ethyl 4-hydroxy-2-methyl-2H-1,2-benzothiazine-3-carboxylate 1,1-dioxide
Ethyl (S)-3-(4-aminophenyl)-2-phthalimidopropionate hydrochloride
ethyl(2E)-2-acetyl-3-(3-nitrophenyl)-2-propenoate
Ethynylcyclopropane
Etropipate
exo-8-Benzyl-3-(3-isopropyl-5-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl)-8-azabicyclo[3.2.1]octane
Ferristene
Fibrinuclease, powder
Glycine, N-[2-[5-(aminoiminomethyl)-2-hydroxyphenoxy]-6-[3-(4,5-dihydro-1-methyl-1H-imidazol-2-yl)phenoxy]-3,5-difluoro-4-pyridinyl]-

N-methyl-, dihydrochloride

Hemocyanins, megathura crenulata, reaction products with1-O-[O-2-acetamido-2-deoxy-β-D-galactopyranosyl-(1,4)-O-(N-acetyl-α-

neuraminosyl)-(2,3)-O-β-D-galactopyranosyl-(1,4)-β-D-glucopyranose

Hexestrol dibutyrate (INNM)
Hexestrol dipropionate (INNM)
Indan-5-yl hydrogen phenylmalonate
Inosine 5'-disodium phosphate
Intermediate concentrate obtained from a genetically-modified Escherichia coli fermentation medium, containing human granulocyte-

macrophage colony-stimulating factor; for use in the manufacture of medicaments of HS No. 3002

Intermediate concentrates obtained from a Micromonospora purpurea fermentation medium used for the manufacture of the antibiotics

gentamicin sulfate (INNM) and isepamicin (INN)

Intermediate concentrates obtained from a Micromonospora inyoensis fermentation medium used for the manufacture of the antibiotics

sisomicin (INN) and netilmicin (INN)

Intermediate concentrate obtained from a genetically-modified Escherichia coli fermentation medium, containing human interferon α-

2b; for use in the manufacture of medicaments of HS No. 3002

Iodomethyl penicillanate 1,1-dioxide

CAS Number

84793-24-8

94213-26-0
186521-38-0
100491-29-0
143468-96-6
100501-62-0
78834-75-0
208337-82-0
64485-88-7
90315-82-5
122665-86-5
66339-00-2
84501-68-8
4358-88-7
121873-00-5
49608-01-7
133481-10-4
1452-94-4
186521-40-4
376348-76-4
161798-03-4
61516-73-2
136511-43-8
194804-45-0
55408-10-1
53786-45-1

186521-39-1
208337-83-1
64485-82-1
186521-44-8
154772-45-9
24683-26-9
97338-03-9
39562-16-8
6746-94-7
7280-37-7
423165-13-3
155773-56-1

213839-64-6

195993-11-4

36557-18-3
59386-02-6
27932-00-9
4691-65-0

76247-39-7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

94
Product Name

Isobutyl 3,4-epoxybutyrate
Isopropyl (Z)-7-[(1R,2R,3R,5S)-3,5-dihydroxy-2-{(E)-(3R)-3-hydroxy-4-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]but-1-enyl}cyclopentyl]hept-5-enoate
Isopropyl 2,3-dihydro-1H-pyrrolizine-1-carboxylate
Isopropyl[2-(piperazin-1-yl)-3-pyridyl]amine
L-N-(1-Cyano-1-vanillylethyl)acetamide
L-Ribose
L-Asparagine hydrate
L-Alanyl-L-proline
L-lysyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-lysyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-lysyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-lysyl-L-

leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-lysine

L-Glutamine, N-acetyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-tyrosyl-O-(1,1- dimethylethyl)-L-threonyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-seryl-L-leucyl-L-isoleucyl-
1-(triphenylmethyl)-L-histidyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-seryl-L-leucyl-L-isoleucyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-
L-seryl-N-trityl-L-glutaminyl-N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-N-trityl-L-glutaminyl-, 10,11-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl) ester

L-Isoleucyl-L-arginyl-N-ethyl-L-prolinamide dihydrochloride
L-Leucine, N-[(9H-fluoren-9-ylmethoxy)carbonyl]-L-.α.-glutamyl-N6-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-lysyl-N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-L- .α.-

glutamyl-N-trityl-L-glutaminyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-, 1,4,6,9-tetrakis(1,1-dimethylethyl) ester

L-Phenylalaninamide, L-.α.-glutamyl-N6-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-lysyl-N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-N-trityl-L-glutaminyl-

CAS Number

111006-10-1
157283-68-6
66635-71-0
147539-21-7
14818-98-5
24259-59-4
5794-13-8
13485-59-1

138531-07-4

244191-88-6

442526-89-8

244191-94-4

L-.α.-glutamyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-L-leucyl-L-.α.-aspartyl-N6-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-lysyl-1-[(1,1-
dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-L-alanyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-seryl-L-leucyl-1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-
N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-, pentakis(1,1-dimethylethyl) ester, monohydrochloride

244244-31-3

L-Phenylalaninamide, N-acetyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-tyrosyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-threonyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-seryl-L-leucyl-
L-isoleucyl-1-trityl-L-histidyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-seryl-L-leucyl-L-isoleucyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-
seryl-N-trityl-L-glutaminyl-N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-N-trityl-L-glutaminyl-L-glutaminyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-N6-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-
L-lysyl-N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-N-trityl-L-glutaminyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-L-leucyl-L-.α.-aspartyl-
N6-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-lysyl-1-[(1,1-methylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-L-alanyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-seryl-L-leucyl-
1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-N- trityl-L-asparaginyl-1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-, heptakis(1,1-
dimethylethyl) ester

L-Phenylalaninamide, N-[(9H-fluoren-9-ylmethoxy)carbonyl]-L-.α.-glutamyl-N6-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-lysyl-N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-

L-.α.-glutamyl-N-trityl-L-glutaminyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-.α.-glutamyl-L-leucyl-L-.α.-aspartyl-N6-[(1,1-
dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-lysyl-1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-L-alanyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-seryl-L-leucyl-1-
[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-, pentakis(1,1-
dimethylethyl) ester

L-Phenylalaninamide, L-.α.-aspartyl-N6-[(1,1- dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-lysyl-1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-L-alanyl-

O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-seryl-L-leucyl-1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-1-[(1,1-
dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-, 1,1-dimethylethyl ester

L-Phenylalanine amide
L-Tryptophan, N-[(9H-fluoren-9-ylmethoxy)carbonyl]-L-.α.-aspartyl-N6-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-lysyl-1-[(1,1-

244244-26-6

244244-29-9

244191-95-5

65864-22-4

dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-L-alanyl-O-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-L-seryl-L-leucyl-1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-L-tryptophyl-
N-trityl-L-asparaginyl-1-[(1,1-dimethylethoxy)carbonyl]-, 1-(1,1-dimethylethyl) ester

244191-96-6

Lysozyme chloride
Magnesium bis(4-nitrobenzyl malonate) dihydrate
Magnesium bis[(2,3-dihydro-1,5-dimethyl-3-oxo-2-phenyl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)methylamino]methanesulfonate
meso-3-Benzyl-6-nitro-3-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hexane
meso-N-Benzyl-3-nitrocyclopropane-1,2-dicarboximide
Methanesulfonic acid 2-benzyloxycarbonylamino-2-carbamoyl-1-methyl-ethyl ester
methyl (2R)-2-amino-3-(1H-indol-3-yl)propanoate hydrochloride
Methyl 4-(bromomethyl)benzoate
Methyl (4-nitrophenyl)-L-alaninate
Methyl 2-[(3S)-3-[3-[(E)-2-(7-chloro-2-quinolinyl)ethenyl]phenyl]-3-hydroxypropyl]benzoate monohydrate
Methyl 4-amino-5-nitro-o-anisate
Methyl (3aR,4R,7aR)-2-methyl-4-[(1S,2R)-1,2,3-triacetoxypropyl]-3a,7a-dihydro-4H-pyrano-[3,4-d]oxazole-6-carboxylate
Methyl (R)-3-hydroxybutyrate
Methyl 5-chloro-o-anisate
Methyl 4-hydroxy-2-methyl-2H-thieno[2,3-e][1,2]thiazine-3-carboxylate 1,1-dioxide
Methyl O-2-deoxy-6-O-sulfo-2-(sulfoamino)-α-D-glucopyranosyl-(1,4)-O-β-D-glucopyranuronosyl-(1,4)-O-2-deoxy-3,6-di-O-sulfo-2-

(sulfoamino)-α-D-glucopyranosyl-(1,4)-O-2-O-sulfo-α-L-iodopyranuronosyl-(1,4)-2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-6-(hydrogensulfate)-α-D-
glucopyranoside, decasodium salt

Methyl (2R,3S)-3-benzamido-2-hydroxy-3-phenylpropionate

9001-63-2

6150-97-6
151860-16-1
151860-15-0
80082-51-5
14907-27-8
2417-72-3
81677-60-3
287930-78-3
59338-84-0
78850-37-0
3976-69-0
33924-48-0
59804-25-0

114870-03-0

32981-85-4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

Methyl 5-glyoxyloylsalicylate hydrate
Methyl 5-(ethylsulfonyl)-o-anisate
Methyl 4-acetamido-o-anisate
Methyl 1-methylpyrrol-2-ylacetate
Methyl {(1S,2R)-1-benzyl-3-[(3S,4aS,8aS)-3-(tert-butylcarbamoyl)decahydro-2-isoquinolyl-2-hydroxypropyl}carbamate
Methyl 5-sulfamoyl-o-anisate
Methyl 2-[(S)-3-{(E)-3-[2-(7-chloro-2-quinolyl)vinyl]phenyl}-3-hydroxypropyl]benzoate
Methyl 3-amino-2-pyrazinecarboxylate
Methyl 2-(3-{(E)-3-[2-(7-chloro-2-quinolyl)vinyl]phenyl}-3-oxopropyl)benzoate
Methyl (S)-6-{2-[5-(ethoxycarbonyl)-2-thienyl}-3-oxo-1,4-thiazine-2-carboxylate
Methyl (1S,2S)-1-benzyl-3-chloro-2-hydroxypropylcarbamate
Methyl 4-acetamido-5-chloro-o-anisate
Methyl hydrogen (2S,3R)-3-amino-2-[(S)-(1-hydroxyethyl)]glutarate
Methyl (4S,7S,10aS)-4-amino-5-oxooctahydro-7H-pyrido[2,1-b][1,3]thiazepine-7-carboxylate
Methyl 1-(2,3,5-tri-O-acetyl-β-D-ribofurnaosyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole-3-carboxylate
Methyl 1H-1,2,4-triazole-3-carboxylate
Methyl (2R)-3-{2-[(5R)-3-(4-cyanophenyl)(4,5-dihydroisoxazol-5-yl)]acetylamino}-2-(butoxycarbonylamino)propanoate
Methyl (1S,2S)-1-(1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)-3-[2-hydroxy-4-(methyloxy)phenyl]-5-(propyloxy)-2,3-dihydro-1H-indene-2-carboxylate
Methyl N-(phenoxycarbonyl)-L-valinate
Methyl 3-amino-5,6-dichloropyrazine-2-carboxylate
Methyl 5-pentafluoroethyl-2-propylimidazole-4-carboxylate
Methyl 7-[(3RS)-3-hydroxy-5-oxocyclopent-1-enyl]heptanoate
Methyl 2-methoxy-5-methylsulfonylbenzoate
Methyl 3-[(methoxycarbonylmethyl)sulfamoyl]thiophene-2-carboxylate
Methyl 4-(bromomethyl)-m-anisate
Methyl 3-oxo-4-aza-5α-androst-1-ene-17β-carboxylate
Methyl N-(methoxycarbonyl)-L-phenylalaninate
Methyl (1S,2S)-1-(1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)-3-{4-(methyloxy)-2-[(phenylmethyl)oxy]phenyl}-5-(propyloxy)-2,3-dihydro-1H-indene-2-carboxylate
Methyl (S)-2-amino-4-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)butyrate
Methyl 2-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-(4,5,6,7-tetrahydrothieno[3,2-c]pyridin-5-yl)acetate hydrochloride
Methyl 4-(4-fluorophenyl)-6-isopropyl-2-[methyl(methylsulfonyl)amino]pyrimidine-5-carboxylate
Methyl 3-aminocrotonate
Methyl (2R,3S)-2,3-epoxy-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propionate
Methyl 2-(4-(2-(5-methyl-2-phenyloxazol-4-yl)ethoxy)benzylamino)acetate, hydrochloride salt
Methyl (2E)-2-acetyl-3-(2-nitrophenyl)-2-propenoate
Methyl N-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-L-valyl-D-isoleucylthreonyl-L-norvalinate
Methyl 3-amino-4,6-dibromo-o-toluate
Methyl 2-(3-nitrobenzylidene)-3-oxobutyrate
Methyl(1-methylthio-2-nitrovinyl)amine
Methyl(4'-nitrophenethyl)amine hydrochloride
Mixture of sennoside A and B calcium salts
Mixture of sennoside A and B
Mixture of sennoside A and B calcium salts
N-(2-Chloroethyl)pyrrolidine hydrochloride
N-[(4S,6S)-6-Methyl-7,7-dioxo-2-sulfamoyl-5,6-dihydro-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiopyran-4-yl]acetamide
N-(2-Quinolylcarbonyloxy)succinimide
N-(tert-Butyl)-3-methylpyridine-2-carboxamide
N-(4-Hydrazinobenzyl)methanesulfonamide hydrochloride
N-{[(1R,2R)-1-[O-(N-Acetyl-α-neuraminosyl)-(2,3)-O-2-acetamido-2-deoxy-β-D-galactopyranosyl-(1,4)-O-β-D-galactopyranosyl-(1,4)-

β-D-glucopyranosyloxymethyl]-2-hydroxy-3-formylpropyl}-stearamide

N-[4-(5-Methyl-3-phenylisoxazol-4-yl)phenylsulfonyl]propionamide, sodium salt
N-Acetylsulfanilyl chloride
N-(R)-9-Methyl-4-oxo-1-phenyl-3,4,6,7-tetrahydro[1,4]diazepino[6,7,1-hi]indol-3-isonicotinamide
N-[(2,6-Diisopropylphenoxy)sulfonyl]-2-(2,4,6-triisopropylphenyl)acetamide
N-Acetyl-3-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-DL-alanine
N-(2-(4-Sulfamoyl)phenyl)ethyl-5-chloro-2-methoxybenzamide
N-(2-Quinolylcarbonyl)-L-asparagine

95

CAS Number

29754-58-3
62140-67-4
4093-29-2
51856-79-2
178680-13-2
33045-52-2
181139-72-0
16298-03-6
149968-11-6
186521-42-6
176972-62-6
4093-31-6
79814-47-4
167304-98-5
39925-10-5
4928-88-5
188016-51-5
167256-05-5
153441-77-1
1458-18-0
150097-92-0
40098-26-8
63484-12-8
106820-63-7
70264-94-7
103335-41-7
41844-71-7
191106-49-7
127105-49-1
130209-90-4
160009-37-0
14205-39-1
105560-93-8
649761-25-1
39562-27-1
653574-13-1
119916-05-1
39562-17-9
61832-41-5
166943-39-1
52730-36-6
517-43-1
52730-37-7
7250-67-1
147200-03-1
136465-99-1
32998-95-1
81880-96-8

196085-62-8

198470-85-8
121-60-8
179024-48-7
166518-60-1
27313-65-1
16673-34-0
136465-98-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

96
Product Name

N-[(R)-2-({(R)-2-[(2-Adamantyloxycarbonyl)amino]-3-(1H-indol-3-yl)-2-methyl-1-oxopropyl}amino)-1-phenylethyl]succinamic acid--1-

deoxy-1-methylamino-D-glucitol (1:1)

N-(1-Ethyl-1,4-diphenylbut-3-enyl)cyclopropanecarboxamide
N-[2-Isopropylthiazol-4-ylmethyl(methyl)carbamoyl]-L-valine
N-(2-Mercaptoethyl)propionamide
N-{5-[(1,4-Dihydro-2-methyl-4-oxoquinazolin-6-ylmethyl)methylamino]-2-thenoyl}-L-glutamic acid
N-[(4S,6S)-6-Methyl-7,7-dioxo-5,6-dihydro-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiopyran-4-yl]acetamide
N-(9-Acetyl-6-oxo-6,9-dihydro-1H-purin-2-yl)acetamide
N-(5,6-Dihydro-6-methyl-2-sulfamoyl-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiopyran-4-yl)acetamide 7,7-dioxide
N-tert-Butyl 3-cyanoandrosta-3,5-diene-17-carboxamide
N-(Biphenyl-2-yl)-4-[(2-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazo[4,5-d][1]benzazepin-6-yl)carbonyl]benzamide
N-Benzyloxycarbonyl-DL-valine
N-(Benzyloxycarbonyl)-S-phenyl-L-cysteine
N-(Benzyloxycarbonyl)-L-valine
N-(2-Hydroxyethyl)lactamide
N-[4-(Methoxymethyl)-4-piperidyl]-N-phenylpropionamide hydrochloride
N-Phenyl-N-(4-piperidyl)propionamide
N-[N-(tert-Butoxycarbonyl)-L-alanyl]-L-alanine hydrate
N-(2-Amino-4,6-dichloropyrimidin-5-yl)formamide
N'-α-(tert-Butyoxycarbonyl)-N'-ω-nitro-L-arginine
N'-α-(tert-Butoxycarbonyl)-N-methoxy-N-methyl-N'-ω-nitro-L-argninamide
N'-[N-Methoxycarbonyl-L-valyl]-N-[(S)-3,3,3-trifluoro-1-isopropyl]-L-prolinamide
N'-{(2R,3S)-5-Chloro-3-(-chlorophenyl)-1-[(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)sulfonyl]-3-hydroxy-2,3-dihydro-1H-indol-2-ylcarbonyl)-L-prolinamide
N’-((1S)-1-{[(2,5-Dioxopyrrolidin-1-yl)oxy]carbonyl}-2-methylpropyl)-N-methyl-N-[(2-isopropyl-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)methyl]urea
N'1-Methyl-1H-pyrazole-1-carboxamidine hydrochloride
N'6-Trifluoroacetyl-L-lysyl-L-proline p-toluenesulfonate
N'6-Trifluoroacetyl-L-lysyl-L-proline
N',N'-Diethyl-2-methyl-N-(6-phenyl-5-propylpyridazin-3-yl)propane-1,2-diamine--fumaric acid (2:3)
N-(1-{2-[2-(3,4-difluorophenyl)-4-(phenylcarbonyl)morpholin-2-yl]ethyl}-4-phenyl(4-piperidyl))(dimethylamino)carboxamide, hydrochloride
N-(1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-5-isoquinolyl)methanesulfonamide hydrochloride
N-(2-Benzoyl-phenyl)-L-tyrosine methyl ester
N-(2-Chloro-6-methylphenyl)-2-[[6-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)-1-piperazinyl]-2-methyl-4-pyrimidinyl]amino]-5-thiazolecarboxamide
N-(3-acetyl-4-(2-oxiranylmethoxy)phenyl]butanamide
N-(3-acetylphenyl)-N-methyl-acetamide
N-(3-Chloro-4-{[(3-fluorophenyl)methyl]oxy}phenyl)-6-iodo-4-quinazolinamine
N-(3-methoxy-5-methylpyrazin-2-yl)-2-(4-[1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl]phenyl)pyridine-3-sulfonamide
N-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-N-[3-(indan-2-ylmethylamino)propyl]-2-5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthylcarboxamide
N-(4-(Methylamino)-3-nitrobenzoyl)-N-2-pyridinyl-ß-alanine-ethylester
N-(4-Amino-1-benzyl-3-hydroxy-5-phenyl-pentyl)-3-methyl-2-(2-oxo-tetrahydro-pyrimidin-1-yl)-butyramide; compound with 5-oxo-

pyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid

N-(Butylsulfonyl)-L-tyrosine
N-(Butylsulfonyl)-O-[4-(4-pyridinyl)butyl]-L-tyrosine
N-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)-2(S)-amino-1-phenyl-2(R)-3,4-epoxybutane
N-(tert-Butyl)-hydroxylamine acetate
N-{2-[(4-Hydroxyphenyl)amino]pyridin-3-yl}-4-methoxybenzenesulfonamide
N-α-9-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-L-isoleucine
N-α-9-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-L-alanine
N-α-9-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-L-glutamine
N-α-9-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-L-aspartic acid β-t-butyl ester
N-α-9-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-N-α-t-butyloxycarbonyl-L-lysine
N-α-9-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-L-glutamic acid γ-t-butyl ester
N-α-9-Fluoroenylmethoxycarbonyl-N-im-trityl-L-histidine
N-α-9-Fluoroenylmethoxycarbonyl-N-γ-trityl-L-glutamine
N-α-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-N-β-trityl-L-asparagine
N-α-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-L-leucine
N-α-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-N-in-t-butyloxycarbonyl-L-tryptophan
N-α-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-O-t-butyl-L-tyrosine
N-α-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-O-t-butyl-L-threonine

CAS Number

130404-91-0

137246-21-0
154212-61-0
67305-72-0
112887-68-0
147086-83-7
3056-33-5
120298-38-6
151338-11-3
179528-39-3
3588-63-4
159453-24-4
1149-26-4
5422-34-4
84196-16-7
1609-66-1
90303-36-9
171887-03-9
2188-18-3
139976-34-4
182073-77-4
150375-75-0
224631-15-6
59194-35-3
105641-23-4
103300-89-6
137733-33-6
181640-09-5
210538-75-3
196810-09-0
302962-49-8
28197-66-2
325715-13-7
231278-20-9
186497-07-4
170361-49-6
429659-01-8

192726-06-0

149490-60-8
149490-61-9
98760-08-8
253605-31-1
141430-65-1
71989-23-6
35661-39-3
71989-20-3
71989-14-5
71989-26-9
71989-18-9
109425-51-6
132327-80-1
132388-59-1
35661-60-0
143824-78-6
71989-38-3
71989-35-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

97

Product Name

N-α-Fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl-O-t-butyl-L-serine
N-1-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)-N-2-[4-(pyridin-2-yl)benzyl]hydrazine
N-1-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)-N-2-[2(S)-hydroxy-3(S)-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)-4-phenylbutyl]-N-2-[4-(pyridin-2-yl)benzyl]hydrazine
N-Acetyl-N-methyl-glycyl-glycyl-L-valyl-D-isoleucyl-L-threonyl-L-norvalyl-L-isoleucyl-L-arginyl-N-ethyl-L-prolinamide acetate
N-Formyl-L-leucine (1S,3Z,6Z)-1-[[(2S,3S)-3-hexyl-4-oxo-2-oxetamyl]methyl]-3,6-dodecadienyl ester
N-formylhexopyranosylamine
N-Hydroxy-7-azabenzotriazole
N-methoxycarbonyl-L-tert-leucine
N-Methyl-2-({3-[(E)-2-pyridin-2-yvinyl]-1H-indazol-6-yl}thio)benzamide
N-Methyl-3-oxo-3-(2-thienyl)propenamine
N-methyl-4-nitro-N-[2-(4-nitrophenoxy)ethyl]phenethylamine
N-[((2R)-1,4-diazabicyclo[2.2.2]oct-2-yl)methyl](8-amino-7-chloro(2H,3H-benzo[e]1,4-dioxan-5-yl))carboxamide
N-[(1-{[2-(diethylamino)ethyl]amino}-8-methoxy-10-oxobenzo[e]benzo[2,3-β]thiin-4-yl)methyl]carboxamide
N-[(2R,3S)-3-amino-2-hydroxy-4-phenylbutyl]-N-(2-methylpropyl)-4-aminobenzenesulfonamide
N-[(2R,3S)-3-amino-2-hydroxy-4-phenylbutyl]-N-isobutyl-4-nitrobenzenesulfonamide hydrochloride
N-[(4-Fluorophenyl)methyl]-1,6-dihydro-5-hydroxy-1-methyl-2-[1-methyl-1-[[(5-methyl-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl)carbonyl]amino]ethyl]-6-oxo-

4-pyrimidinecarboxamide monopotassium salt or L-612 K salt

N-[(5-{2-[(6S)-2-Amino-4-oxo-3,4,5,6,7,8-hexahydropyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidin-6-yl]ethyl}-4-methylthien-2-yl)carbonyl]-L-glutamic acid
N-[2-Chloro-3-(dimethylamino)-2-propenylidene]-N-methylmethanaminium hexafluorophosphate
N-[2-Fluoro-5-({3-[(E)-2-pyridin-2-ylvinyl]-1H-indazol-6-yl}amino)phenyl]-1,3-dimethyl-1H-pyrazole-5-carboxamide
N-[3-Carbamoyl-5-ethyl-1-(2-methoxyethyl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl]-2-ethoxy-5-(4-ethyl-1-piperazinylsulfonyl)nicotinamide
N1-{4-[4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)piperazino]phenyl}-1-[(1S,2S)-1-ethyl-2-methyl-3-phenoxypropyl]-1-hydrazinecarboxamide
N,N'-[Dithiobis(o-phenylenecarbonyl)]bis-L-isoleucine
N,N'-Dibenzylethylenediammonium di(acetate)
N,N'-Bis[3-(ethylamino)propyl]propane-1,3-diamine tetrahydrochloride
N,N'-Bis(trifluoroacetyl)-DL-homocystine
N,N'-Bis(phenylmethyl)-1,2-ethanediamine diacetate
N,N-Dimethyl-2-[4-(methylthio)phenoxy]benzylamine hydrochloride
o-Chlorothiophenol
O-2-Naphthyl chlorothioformate
O-[(2Z)-2-(2-Amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)ethanoyl] 0,0-diethyl thiophosphate
p-Nitrobenzyl (2R,5R,6S)-6-[(R)-1-hydroxyethyl]-3,7-dioxo-1-azabicyclo[3.2.0]heptane-2-carboxylate
Pentamethylene bis{3-[1-(3,4-dimethoxybenzyl)-6,7-dimethoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-2-isoquinolyl]propionate}--oxalic acid (1:2)
Pentyl chloroformate
Phenmetrazine teoclate (INNM)
Phenol, 3-mercapto-
Phenol, 2, 2'-[(4-hydroxyphenyl)methylene]bis[4-[[(5-methyl-1H-tetrazol-1-yl)imino]methyl]-
Phenothiazin-2-ylamine
Phenyl hydrogen phenylmalonate
Phenyl {4-[4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)piperazin-1-yl]phenyl}carbamate
Pilocarpine
Piperazine, 1-(2-Chloroethyl)-4-(3-(trifluoromethy) phenyl) dihydrochloride
Pivaloyloxymethyl 7-{(Z)-2-[2-(tert-butoxycarbonylamino)thiazol-4-yl]pent-2-enamido}-3-carbamoyloxymethyl)-3-cephem-4-carboxylate
Potassium 1-(1-hydroxyethyl)-5-methoxy-2-oxo-1,2,5,6,7,8,8a,8b-octahydroazeto[2,1-a]isoindole-4-carboxylate
Potassium (R)-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-N-(3-methoxy-1-methyl-3-oxoprop-1-enyl)glycinate
Potassium (R)-N-(3-methoxy-1-methyl-3-oxoprop-1-enyl)-2-phenylglycinate
Potassium (R)-N-(3-ethoxy-1-methyl-3-oxoprop-1-enyl)-2-phenylglycine
Potassium 3-[2-(2-formylaminothiazol-4-yl)-2-oxoacetylamino]-2-methyl-4-oxoazetidine-1-sulfonate
Potassium 5-methyl-1,3,4-oxadiazole-2-carboxylate or oxadiazole K salt
Potassium clavulanate--sucrose (1:1)
Potassium clavulanate--silicon dioxide (1:1)
Potassium clavulanate--microcrystalline cellulose (1:1)
Purin-6(1H)-one
Pyrazole-1-carboxamidine hydrochloride
Pyridine, 4-[[4-(1-methylethyl)-2-[(phenylmethoxy) methyl]-1H-imidazol-1-yl] methyl]- ethanedioate (1:2)
Pyrrolidin-3-ylamine dihydrochloride
Quinuclidin-3-ol
Quinuclidine

CAS Number

71989-33-8
198904-85-7
198904-86-8
251579-55-2
96829-59-3
65293-32-5
39968-33-7
162537-11-3
319460-85-0
663603-70-1
115287-37-1
186348-69-6
155990-20-8
169280-56-2
244634-31-9

518048-05-0

177587-08-5
249561-98-6
319460-94-1
334828-19-2
345217-02-9
182149-25-3
122-75-8
156886-85-0
105996-54-1
140-28-3
289717-37-9
6320-03-2
10506-37-3
162208-27-7
75363-99-4
64228-78-0
638-41-5
13931-75-4
40248-84-8
235106-62-4
32338-15-1
21601-78-5
184177-81-9
92-13-7
57061-71-9
105889-80-3
141316-45-2
69416-61-1
34582-65-5
961-69-3
88023-65-8
(none)

68-94-0
4023-02-3
280129-82-0
103831-11-4
1619-34-7
100-76-5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

98
Product Name

rel-(3R,5R)-3-{(E)-2-[4-(4-fluorophenyl)-2,6-diisopropyl-5-(methoxymethyl)pyridin-3-yl]vinyl}-5-hydroxycyclohexanone
rel-(3R,5S,6E)-7-[4-(4-fluorophenyl)-2,6-diisopropyl-5-(methoxymethyl)pyridin-3-yl]-3,5-dihydroxyhept-6-enoic acid
Rifamycin O
RS-3-(Dimethylamino)-1-(2-thienyl)-1-propanol
S-(Benzothiazol-2-yl) (Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-methoxyiminothioacetate
SC-70935
SC-59735
Sennoside B
Sennoside A
Sennoside A, calcium salt
Sennoside B, calcium salt
Sodium ({3-[amino(oxo)acetyl]-1-benzyl-2-ethyl-1H-indol-4-yl}oxy)acetate
Sodium (R)-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-N-(3-methoxy-1-methyl-3-oxoprop-1-enyl)glycinate
Sodium (R)-1-[(1-{3-[2-(7-chloro-2-quinolyl)vinyl]phenyl}-3-[2-(1-hydroxy-1-methylethyl)phenyl]propyl)thiomethyl]cyclopropylacetate
Sodium (2R)-cyclohexa-1,4-dien-1-yl {[(1E)-1-(methoxycarbonyl)prop-1-enyl]amino}acetate
Sodium 4-chloro-1-hydroxybutane-1-sulfonate
Sodium Phenylbutyrate
Sodium 1,2,3-triazole-5-thiolate
Sodium (R)-N-(3-methoxy-1-methyl-3-oxoprop-1-enyl)-2-phenylglycinate
Sodium 2-hydroxy-1-(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)propane-2-sulfonate
Sodium 4-[2-(5-methylpyrazine-2-carboxamido)ethyl]benzenesulfonamide
Spiro[17H-cyclopenta[a]phenanthrene-17,2'(5'H)-furan], pregna-4,9(11)-diene-7,21-dicarboxylic acid deriv.
tert-Butyl {(S)-1-methyl-2-oxo-2-[(S)-pyrrolidin-3-ylamino]ethyl}carbamate
tert-Butyl {(S)-α-[(S)-oxiranyl]phenethyl}carbamate
tert-Butyl (1R,4S)-4-(hydroxymethyl)cyclopent-2-enylcarbamate
tert-Butyl 2-{[1-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(benizothiazol-2-ylthio)-2-oxoethylidene]aminooxy}-2-methylpropionate
tert-Butyl (1S,9S)-6,10-dioxo-9-phthalimidooctahydropyridiazo[1,2-a][1,2]diazepine-1-carboxylate
tert-Butyl [(RS)-pyrrolidin-3-yl]carbamate
tert-Butyl meso-3-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hex-6-ylcarbamate
tert-Butyl [(4R,6R)-6-(cyanomethyl)-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]acetate
tert-Butyl triphenylphosphoranylideneacetate
tert-Butyl [(1S,3S,4S)-4-amino-1-benzyl-3-hydroxy-5-phenylpentyl]carbamate
tert-Butyl [(1S,2S)-1-benzyl-2,3-dihydroxypropyl]carbamate
tert-butyl (2-((4,5-dihydro-5-oxo-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)methyl)cyclohexyl)methylcarbamate
tert-Butyl (7E)-4-ethoxy-10,10-dimethyl-6-oxo-7-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-3,5,9-trioxa-8-aza-4-phosphaundec-7-en-11-oate 4-sulfide
tert-Butyl (2S)-2-(hydroxymethyl)pyrrolidine-1-carboxylate
tert-Butyl (S)-2-[benzyl(methyl)amino]-2-oxo-1-phenylethylcarbamate hydrochloride
tert-Butyl (4S)-4-ethyl-4,6-dihydroxy-3,10-dioxo-3,4,8,10-tetrahydro-1H-pyrano[3,4-f]indolizine-7-carboxylate
tert-Butyl (diethoxyphosphoryl)acetate
tert-Butyl (S)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-3-isoquinolinecarboxylate tosylate
tert-Butyl 2-[(4R,6S)-6-(hydroxymethyl)-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxan-4-yl] acetate
Tert-Butyl(6-{2-[4-(4-fluorophenyl)-6-isopropyl-2-[methyl(methanesulfonyl)amino]pyrimidin-5-yl]vinyl}(4R,6S)-2,2-dimethyl[1,3]dioxan-

4-yl) acetate

Tetrabutylammonium (6-iodo-1H-purin-2-yl)amide
Tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-thioxo-1,2,4-triazine-5,6-dione
Tetraisopropyl methylenediphosphonate
Thiazol-5-ylmethyl (1S,2S,4S)-1-benzyl-2-hydroxy-4-{(2S)-2-[3-(2-isopropylthiazol-4-ylmethyl)-3-methylureido]-3-methylbutyramido}-

5-phenylpentylcarbamate

Thiazol-5-ylmethanol
Thiazolidine-2,4-dione
Thiophene-2-carbonyl chloride
Thiophene-2-carboxaldehyde
Thymidine
trans-2'-Fluoro-4-hydroxychalcone O-[(Z)-2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]oxime--fumaric acid (2:1)
trans-2-Chloro-3-[4-(4-chlorophenyl)cyclohexyl]-1,4-naphthoquinone
trans-4-(p-Chlorophenyl)cyclohexanecarboxylic acid
trans-1-Benzoyl-4-phenyl-L-proline
trans-4-Hydroxy-1-(4-nitrobenzyloxycarbonyl)-L-proline

CAS Number

158878-47-8
159813-78-2
14487-05-9
13636-02-7
80756-85-0
193700-51-5
116638-33-6
128-57-4
81-27-6
52730-36-6
52730-37-7
172733-42-5
26787-84-8
142522-81-4
26774-89-0
54322-20-2
1716-12-7
59032-27-8
13291-96-8
83682-27-3
84522-34-9
95716-70-4
122536-66-7
98737-29-2
168960-18-7
89604-92-2
106928-72-7
140629-77-2
134575-17-0
125971-94-0
35000-38-5
144163-85-9
149451-80-9
227626-65-5
162208-28-8
69610-40-8
481659-97-6
183434-04-0
27784-76-5
79276-06-5
124655-09-0

289042-12-2

156126-48-6
58909-39-0
1660-95-3

155213-67-5

38585-74-9
2295-31-0
5271-67-0
98-03-3
50-89-5
130580-02-8
153977-22-1
49708-81-8
120851-71-0
96034-57-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

99

Product Name

trans-(±)-4-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthyl(methyl)ammonium chloride
trans-6-Amino-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxepan-5-ol
trans-4-Cyclohexyl-2-proline hydrochloride
Triethyl 3-bromopropane-1,1,1-tricarboxylate
Triethylaniline
Uracil
Urate oxidase
Uridine, 2'-bromo-2'-deoxy-5-methyl-, 3',5'-diacetate
[(1S,4R)-4-(2-Amino-6-chloro-9H-purin-9-yl)cyclopent-2-enyl]methanol hydrochloride
[(1S,4R)-4-Aminocyclopent-2-en-1-yl]methanol hydrochloride
[(2-Methyl-1-propionyloxypropoxy)(4-phenylbutyl)phosphinoyl]acetic acid--cinchonidine (1:1)
[(2-Methyl-1-propionyloxypropoxy)(4-phenylbutyl)phosphinoyl]acetic acid
[(2S)-7-iodo-4-methyl-3-oxo-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-yl]acetic acid
[(3S,5S)-5-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-5-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)tetrahydrofuran-3-yl]methyl-4-chlorobenzenesulfonate
[(4-Butanoyl-2,3-dichlorophenyl)oxy]acetic acid
[(5S)-3-(1,1-Dimethylethyl)-2-phenyl-1,3-oxazolidin-5-yl]methanol
[1-(4-Fluorobenzyl)-1H-benzimidazol-2-yl](4-piperidyl)amine
[2-(Methylsulfonyl)ethyl]amine hydrochloride
[2-Bromo-5-(propyloxy)phenyl][2-hydroxy-4-(methyloxy)phenyl]methanone
[2R-(2R*,3S*,4R*,5R*,8R*,10R*,11R*,12S*,13S*,14R*)]-, 13-[(2,6-dideoxy-3-C-methyl-3-O-methyl-α-L-ribo-hexopyranosyl)oxy]-2-
ethyl-3,4,10-trihydroxy-3,5,8,10,12,14-hexamethyl-11-[[3,4,6-trideoxy-3-(dimethylamino)-β-D-xylo-hexopyranosyl]oxy]-1-Oxa-6-
azacyclopentadecan-15-one

[3-(Benzimidazol-2-yl)propyl]methylamine
[3-(2-amino-1-hydroxyethyl)-4-fluorophenyl](methylsulfonyl)amine
[4-(3-Methoxypropoxy)-3-methyl-2-pyridyl]methanol
[4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]acetic acid
[4-(methylthio)phenyl]acetic acid
[7-Chloro-5-(2-fluorophenyl)-2,3-dihydro-1H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-ylmethyl]ammonium bis(maleate)
[7-Chloro-5-(2-fluorophenyl)-2,3-dihydro-1H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-yl]methylamine
[S-(R*,S*)]-[[2-Methyl-1-(1-oxopropoxy)propoxy](4-phenylbutyl)phosphinyl]acetic acid, cinchonidine (1:1) salt
(2R)-phenyl[(2R)-piperidin-2-yl]ethanoic acid hydrochloride
methyl (1S,2S,3S,4R)-3-[(1S)-1-amino-2-ethylbutyl]-4-[(tert-butoxycarbonyl)amino]-2-hydroxycyclopentanecarboxylate
disodium 5,5'-[(2-hydroxypropane-1,3-diyl)bis(oxy)]bis(4-oxo-4H-chromene-2-carboxylate)
N,N',N''-(boroxin-2,4,6-triyltris{[(1S)-3-methylbutane-1,1-diyl]imino[(2S)-1-oxo-3-phenylpropane-1,2-diyl]})tripyrazine-2-carboxamide
1-(2-ethylbutyl)cyclohexanecarbonyl chloride
1-(2-ethylbutyl)-N-(2-sulfanylphenyl)cyclohexanecarboxamide
ethyl 2-amino-9,10-dimethoxy-1,6,7,11b-tetrahydro-4H-pyrido[2,1-a]isoquinoline-3-carboxylate
3-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-N-[(9H-fluoren-9-ylmethoxy)carbonyl]-1-(triphenylmethyl)-L-histidyl-2-methylalanyl-L-α-glutamylglycine
N-(4-tert-butylbenzyl)-2-(4-chloro-3-ethylphenyl)ethanamine
2-(4-chloro-3-ethylphenyl)ethanamine hydrochloride
ethyl (3aR,7R,7aR)-2,2-dimethyl-7-[(methylsulfonyl)oxy]-3a,6,7,7a-tetrahydro-1,3-benzodioxole-5-carboxylate
(2R,3R,4R,5R)-2-(4-amino-5-fluoro-2-oxopyrimidin-1(2H)-yl)-2-fluoro-5-methyltetrahydrofuran-3,4-diyl diacetate
(2R,3S,4R)-5-(4-amino-2-oxopyrimidin-1(2H)-yl)-2-azido-2-{[(2-methylpropanoyl)oxy]methyl}tetrahydrofuran-3,4-diyl bis(2-methyl-

propanoate) hydrochloride

{(2R,3S,4R,5R)-2-azido-5-(2,4-dioxo-3,4-dihydropyrimidin-1(2H)-yl)-3,4-bis[(phenylcarbonyl)oxy]tetrahydrofuran-2-yl}methyl 3-

chlorobenzoate

1-(2-ethylbutyl)cyclohexanecarboxylic acid
1-(2-ethylbutyl)cyclohexanecarbonitrile
(4S)-1-[(2S,3S,11bS)-2-amino-9,10-dimethoxy-1,3,4,6,7,11b-hexahydro-2H-pyrido[2,1-a]isoquinolin-3-yl]-4-(fluoromethyl)pyrrolidin-2-

one dihydrochloride

(4S)-4-(fluoromethyl)dihydrofuran-2(3H)-one
2-[4-(aminomethyl)phenoxy]-N,N-dimethylethanamine
trans-4-(propan-2-yl)cyclohexanecarboxylic acid
(3β)-3-hydroxycholest-5-en-24-one
3-ethyl-5-methyl-4-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-{[2-(1,3-dioxo-1,3-dihydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl)ethoxy]methyl}-6-methyl-1,4-dihydropyridine-3,5-di-

carboxylate

(1S)-1,5:7,10-dianhydro-12,13-bis-O-[tert-butyl(dimethyl)silyl]-2,3,4,6,8,11-hexadeoxy-1-{2-[(2S,5S)-5-(3-hydroxypropyl)-3-methyli-

denetetrahydrofuran-2-yl]ethyl}-3-methyl-9-O-methyl-4-methylidene-8-[(phenylsulfonyl)methyl]-D-arabino-D-altro-tridecitol

CAS Number

79617-99-5
79944-37-9
90657-55-9
71170-82-6
33881-72-0
66-22-8
9002-12-4
110483-43-7
172015-79-1
168960-19-8
123599-79-1
123599-78-0
210288-67-8
175712-02-4
1217-67-0
194861-99-9
75970-99-9
104458-24-4
190965-45-8

76801-85-9

64137-52-6
137431-02-8
118175-10-3
90536-66-6
16188-55-9
59469-29-3
59467-64-0
467430-13-3
741705-70-4
316173-29-2
15826-37-6
390800-88-1
211515-46-7
211513-21-2
1012065-72-3
1000164-35-1
945717-43-1
945717-05-5
204254-84-2
161599-46-8

690270-65-6

812647-80-6

381209-09-2
855425-38-6

813452-14-1

916069-80-2
20059-73-8
7077-05-6
17752-16-8

88150-62-3

253128-10-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

100
Product Name

(2R,4R)-4-{[tert-butyl(dimethyl)silyl]oxy}-N-methoxy-N,2-dimethyloct-7-enamide
(4R)-2-bromo-7-{[tert-butyl(diphenyl)silyl]oxy}hept-1-en-4-yl 4-methylbenzenesulfonate
(2R,4R)-4-[[(1,1-dimethylethyl)dimethylsilyl]oxy]-N-methoxy-N,2-dimethyl-7-oxoheptanamide
(2-bromoethenyl)(trimethyl)silane
methyl 3-(trimethylsilyl)pent-4-enoate
1-{[(2R,3S)-2-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-3-methyloxiran-2-yl]methyl}-1H-1,2,4-triazole
4-(bromoacetyl)benzonitrile
(3R)-3-methoxydecan-1-ol
2-(1,3,2-dioxaborinan-2-yl)benzonitrile
4,5-diethoxy-3-fluorobenzene-1,2-dicarbonitrile
2-bromo-1-[3-tert-butyl-4-methoxy-5-(morpholin-4-yl)phenyl]ethanone
L-lysine -- {[(2R,3R)-3-[4-(4-cyanophenyl)-1,3-thiazol-2-yl]-2-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butan-2-yl]oxy}methyl dihydrogen

phosphate -- ethanol (1:1:1)

4-{3-chloro-4-[(cyclopropylcarbamoyl)amino]phenoxy}-7-methoxyquinoline-6-carboxamide methanesulfonate
2-[({4-[(2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxan-5-yl)methoxy]-3,5-dimethylpyridin-2-yl}methyl)sulfinyl]-1Hbenzimidazole, sodium salt (1:1)
(1R)-1,2-anhydro-4-C-{(1E,3E)-4-[(1S,2S,3E,5R,6R,9R)-5-(1-carboxylato-4-cycloheptylpiperazin-2-yl)-6,9-dihydroxy-2,6-dimethyl-11-

oxooxacyclododec-3-en-1-yl]penta-1,3-dien-1-yl}-3,5-dideoxy-1-[(2R,3S)-3-hydroxypentan-2-yl]-D-erythropentitol

[6(2Z,3R)]-3-O-decyl-2-deoxy-6-O-[2-deoxy-3-O-(3-metoxydecyl)-6-methyl-2-[(1-oxo-11-octadecenyl)amino]-4-O-phosphono-β-D-

glucopyranosyl]-2-[(1,3-dioxotetradecyl)amino]-α-D-glucopyranose 1-(dihydrogen phosphate) tetrasodium salt

2-[2-(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)phenoxy]ethyl methanesulfonate
3-{5-[(2R)-2-aminopropyl]-7-cyano-2,3-dihydro-1H-indol-1-yl}propyl benzoate (2R,3R)-2,3-dihydroxybutanedioate
4,6,7,8-tetrahydroquinoline-2,5(1H,3H)-dione
5-(4-chlorobutyl)-1-cyclohexyl-1H-tetrazole
6-hydroxy-3,4-dihydroquinolin-2(1H)-one
8,9-difluoro-5-methyl-1-oxo-6,7-dihydro-1H,5H-pyrido[3,2,1-ij]quinoline-2-carboxylic acid
7-hydroxy-3,4-dihydroquinolin-2(1H)-one
4-chlorobutyl 2-nitrobenzenesulfonate
3-(2-oxo-1,2-dihydroquinolin-4-yl)alanine
4-(bromomethyl)quinolin-2(1H)-one
1-[(4-methylphenyl)sulfonyl]-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-5H-1-benzazepin-5-one
4-{[(2-methylphenyl)carbonyl]amino}benzoic acid
2-methyl-4-{[(2-methylphenyl)carbonyl]amino}benzoic acid
7-chloro-1-[(4-methylphenyl)sulfonyl]-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-5H-1-benzazepin-5-one
6-(chloroacetyl)pyridine-2-carboxylic acid
3,4-diethoxybenzenecarbothioamide
4-{4-[4-(trifluoromethoxy)phenoxy]piperidin-1-yl}phenol 4-methylbenzenesulfonate
[(2R)-2-methyloxiran-2-yl]methyl 4-nitrobenzenesulfonate
2-bromo-4-nitro-1H-imidazole
2-chloro-4-nitro-1H-imidazole
4-nitrobenzyl(6R,7R)-7-amino-8-oxo-3-[(2S)-tetrahydrofuran-2-yl]-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylate hydrochloride
[4-amino-N-(pyrimidin-2(1H)-ylidene-κN1)benzenesulfonamidato-κO]silver
2-[2-(3-methoxyphenyl)ethyl]phenol
N-{[4-(4-fluorobenzyl)morpholin-2-yl]methyl}acetamide
{2-[(4-chlorophenyl)sulfanyl]phenyl}acetic acid
N-cyclohexyl-5-hydroxypentanamide
4-chloro-2-[(2-methoxy-2-oxoethoxy)imino]-3-oxobutanoic acid
tert-butyl-2-[(2-methoxy-2-oxoethoxy)imino]-3-oxobutanoate
tert-butyl (2Z)-2-[(2-methoxy-2-oxoethoxy)imino]-3-oxobutanoate
sodium (2Z)-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)(hydroxyimino)ethanoate
diphenylmethyl(2R)-3-methyl-2-[(1R,5S)-3-(4-methylphenyl)-7-oxo-4-oxa-2,6-diazabicyclo[3.2.0]hept-2-en-6-yl]but-3-enoate
4-(hydroxymethyl)-5-methyl-1,3-dioxol-2-one
2-[(8S)-1,6,7,8-tetrahydro-2H-indeno[5,4-b]furan-8-yl]ethanamine hydrochloride
(2E)-1,2,6,7-tetrahydro-8H-indeno[5,4-b]furan-8-ylideneethanenitrile
methyl 1-[(2'-cyanobiphenyl-4-yl)methyl]-2-ethoxy-1H-benzimidazole-7-carboxylate
methyl 2-{[(2'-cyanobiphenyl-4-yl)methyl]amino}-3-nitrobenzoate
2-[(6-chloro-3-methyl-2,4-dioxo-3,4-dihydropyrimidin-1(2H)-yl)methyl]benzonitrile
(3R)-piperidin-3-amine dihydrochloride
iodomethyl pivalate

CAS Number

914922-88-6
871355-80-5
914922-89-7
13682-94-5
185411-12-5
127000-90-2
20099-89-2
185954-75-0
172732-52-4
474554-45-5
474554-48-8

914361-45-8

417716-92-8
913695-00-8

630100-90-2

185954-98-7

160969-03-9
239463-85-5
5057-12-5
73963-42-5
54197-66-9
80076-47-7
22246-18-0
441002-17-1
5162-90-3
1087239
24310-36-9
108166-22-9
317374-08-6
193686-76-9
298692-34-9
60759-00-4
866109-93-5
683276-64-4
65902-59-2
57531-37-0
655233-39-3
22199-08-2
167145-13-3
112913-94-7
13459-62-6
84996-93-0
95759-10-7
268544-50-9
84080-68-2
127660-04-2
67978-05-6
91526-18-0
196597-80-5
196597-79-2
139481-44-0
139481-28-0
865758-96-9
334618-23-4
53064-79-2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

101

CAS Number

ethyl 7-(3-aminopyrrolidin-1-yl)-1-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-6-fluoro-4-oxo-1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine-3-carboxylate
4-(1-carbamoylcyclopropyl)-2,3,5-trifluorobenzoic acid
(3S)-10-[1-(acetylamino)cyclopropyl]-9-fluoro-3-methyl-7-oxo-2,3-dihydro-7H-[1,4]oxazino[2,3,4-ij]quinoline-6-carboxylic acid
(6R,7R)-7-({N-[(4-ethyl-2,3-dioxopiperazin-1-yl)carbonyl]-D-threonyl}amino)-3-{[(1-methyl-1H-tetrazol-5-yl)sulfanyl]methyl}-8-oxo-5-

thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid
N-(5-methoxy-2-phenoxyphenyl)methanesulfonamide
N-[4-(N-formylglycyl)-5-methoxy-2-phenoxyphenyl]methanesulfonamide
N-[4-(N-formylglycyl)-5-hydroxy-2-phenoxyphenyl]methanesulfonamide
5-bromo-1-benzothiophene
(1-benzothiophen-5-yl)acetic acid
2-(1-benzothiophen-5-yl)ethanol
3-[2-(1-benzothiophen-5-yl)ethoxy]propionic acid
3-[2-(1-benzothiophen-5-yl)ethoxy]-1-(3-hydroxyazetidin-1-yl)propan-1-one
1-[3-(2-benzo[b]thien-5-ylethoxy)propyl]-3-azetidinol -- (2Z)-2-butenedioate (1:1)
2-oxo-2H-chromene-6-carboxylic acid
6-[(2,4-dimethoxyphenyl)carbonyl]-2H-chromen-2-one
6-[(2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)carbonyl]-2H-chromen-2-one
methyl 3-(5-{[4-(cyclopentyloxy)-2-hydroxyphenyl]carbonyl}-2-hydroxyphenyl)propanoate
N,2-dihydroxy-4-methylbenzamide
6-methyl-2-trityl-1,2-benzoxazol-3(2H)-one
6-(bromomethyl)-2-triphenylmethyl-1,2-benzisoxazol-3(2H)-one
methyl 3-[5-[4-(cyclopentyloxy)-2-hydroxybenzoyl]-2-[(2-triphenylmethyl-1,2-benzisoxazol-3(2H)-on-
6-yl)methoxy]phenyl]propionate
3-(5-{[4-(cyclopentyloxy)-2-hydroxyphenyl]carbonyl}-2-[(3-hydroxy-1,2-benzoxazol-6-yl)methoxy]phenyl)propanoic acid
2-aminomalonamide
3-oxo-3,4-dihydropyrazine-2-carboxamide
6-bromo-3-oxo-3,4-dihydropyrazine-2-carboxamide
3-oxo-4-(2,3,5-tri-O-acetyl-β-D-ribofuranosyl)-3,4-dihydropyrazine-2-carboxamide
3-oxo-4-(β-D-ribofuranosyl)-3,4-dihydropyrazine-2-carboxamide
3,3'-piperidine-1,4-diyldipropan-1-ol 4-methylbenzenesulfonate
4,4'-[piperidine-1,4-diylbis(propane-3,1-diyloxy)]dibenzonitrile
4,4'-[piperidine-1,4-diylbis(propane-3,1-diyloxy)]bis(N'-hydroxybenzenecarboximidamide)
4,4'-[piperidine-1,4-diylbis(propane-3,1-diyloxy)]bis[N'-(acetyloxy)benzenecarboximidamide]
4,4'-[piperidine-1,4-diylbis(propane-3,1-diyloxy)]dibenzenecarboximidamide trihydrochloride pentahydrate
benzyl 2-(4-fluoro-2-methylphenyl)-4-oxo-3,4-dihydropyridine-1(2H)-carboxylate
(1R)-1-[3,5-bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-N-methylethanamine
(2S)-hydroxy(phenyl)ethanoic acid -- (2R)-2-(4-fluoro-2-methylphenyl)piperidin-4-one (1:1)
ethyl [(3-endo)-8-methyl-8-azabicyclo[3.2.1]oct-3-yl)acetate
(1R)-2-(benzylamino)-1-(2,2-dimethyl-4H-1,3-benzodioxin-6-yl)ethanol
(5R)-5-(2,2-dimethyl-4H-1,3-benzodioxin-6-yl)-1,3-oxazolidin-2-one
2-[(2,6-dichlorobenzyl)oxy]ethanol
2-({2-[(6-bromohexyl)oxy]ethoxy}methyl)-1,3-dichlorobenzene
(5R)-3-(6-{2-[(2,6-dichlorobenzyl)oxy]ethoxy}hexyl)-5-(2,2-dimethyl-4H-1,3-benzodioxin-6-yl)-1,3-oxazolidin-2-one
triphenylacetic acid -- 4-{(1R)-2-[(6-{2-[(2,6-dichlorobenzyl)oxy]ethoxy}hexyl)amino]-1-hydroxyethyl}-2-(hydroxymethyl)phenol (1:1)
5-[4-[[3-chloro-4-[(3-fluorophenyl)methoxy]phenyl]amino]-6-quinazolinyl]-2-furancarboxaldehyde 4-methylbenzenesulfonate (1:1)
1,2,3,4,6-penta-O-acetyl-β-D-glucopyranose
methyl 3'-aminobiphenyl-3-carboxylate
N-(2-chloroethyl)acetamide
methyl 3'-(2-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-1-yl)biphenyl-3-carboxylate
(2R)-2-(3-chlorophenyl)oxirane
N-methylbenzenecarbothiohydrazide
1-{[(methylsulfanyl)carbonyl]oxy}ethyl 2-methylpropanoate
1-({[(2,5-dioxopyrrolidin-1-yl)oxy]carbonyl}oxy)ethyl 2-methylpropanoate
[(3S,4R)-4-(4-fluorophenyl)-1-methylpiperidin-3-yl]methanol
(2R)-2-[(5-bromo-2,3-difluorophenoxy)methyl]oxirane
ethyl 3-(3-{[(2R)-3-{[1-(2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-2-yl)-2-methylpropan-2-yl]amino}-2-hydroxypropyl]oxy}-4,5-difluorophenyl)propanoate

hydrochloride

(4S)-4-ethyl-4-hydroxy-1H-pyrano[3',4':6,7]indolizino[1,2-b]quinoline-3,14(4H,12H)-dione

105152-95-2
143785-84-6
163680-80-6

76610-92-9

123664-84-6
149456-98-4
149457-03-4
4923-87-9
17381-54-3
96803-30-4
519188-42-2
519188-55-7
519187-97-4
7734-80-7
947408-90-4
947408-91-5
530141-60-7
158671-29-5
947408-94-8
947408-95-9
947409-01-0

530141-72-1
62009-47-6
55321-99-8
259793-88-9
499785-81-8
356782-84-8
936637-40-0
873546-80-6
873546-30-6
873546-74-8
873546-38-4
414909-98-1
334477-60-0
414910-13-7
56880-11-6
452342-08-4
452339-73-0
85309-91-7
503070-57-3
503068-36-8
503070-58-4
388082-75-5
604-69-3
168619-25-8
7355-58-0
451470-33-0
62600-71-9
21048-05-5
860035-07-0
860035-10-5
105812-81-5
702687-42-1

702686-97-3

2114454

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

102
Product Name

9H-carbazol-4-ol
2-[(4-fluorobenzyl)sulfanyl]-1,5,6,7-tetrahydro-4H-cyclopenta[d]pyrimidin-4-one
{2-[(4-fluorobenzyl)sulfanyl]-4-oxo-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-cyclopenta[d]pyrimidin-1-yl}acetic acid
4'-(trifluoromethyl)biphenyl-4-carbaldehyde
(5-chloro-2-methoxyphenyl)boronic acid
5'-chloro-2'-hydroxy-3'-nitrobiphenyl-3-carboxylic acid
2-(3,4-dimethylphenyl)-5-methyl-2,4-dihydro-3H-pyrazol-3-one
2,3-dimethyl-2H-indazol-6-amine
2,4-dichloropyrimidine
N-(2-chloropyrimidin-4-yl)-2,3-dimethyl-2H-indazol-6-amine
5-amino-2-methylbenzenesulfonamide
2-[methyl(pyridin-2-yl)amino]ethanol
(5Z)-5-(4-fluorobenzylidene)-1,3-thiazolidine-2,4-dione
1,6-di-O-acetyl-2-azido-3,4-di-O-benzyl-2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose
methyl 6-O-acetyl-4-O-(2-O-acetyl-3-O-benzyl-6-methyl-α-L-idopyranuronosyl)-3-O-benzyl-2-{[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]amino}-2-deoxy-α-

D-glucopyranoside

methyl (2S,3S,4S,5S,6S)-6-{[(1S,2S,3S,4R,5R)-3-(acetyloxy)-4-azido-6,8-dioxabicyclo[3.2.1]oct-2-yl]methyl}-4,5-bis(benzyloxy)-3-

hydroxytetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-carboxylate

(1R,2S,3R,4R,5R)-4-azido-2-{[(4aR,6S,7R,8S,8aR)-7,8-bis(benzyloxy)-2-phenylhexahydropyrano[3,2-d][1,3]dioxin-6-yl]oxy}-6,8-

dioxabicyclo[3.2.1]oct-3-yl acetate

4-[3-hydroxy-3-phenyl-3-(thiophen-2-yl)propyl]-4-methylmorpholin-4-ium methyl sulfate
methyl 3-amino-4-methylthiophene-2-carboxylate
4-cyclopentylpiperazin-1-amine
4-methylpiperazine-1-carbonyl chloride hydrochloride
5-chloropyridin-2-amine
2-chlorobenzylamine
benzyl (2S,3aR,7aS)-octahydro-1H-indole-2-carboxylate hydrochloride
6-chlorohexan-2-one
ethyl 3-[(5-chloro-2-nitrophenyl)(phenyl)amino]-3-oxopropanoate
colchicoside
(3β,16α)-3-hydroxy-16,17-epoxypregn-5-en-20-one
antimonic acid -- 1-deoxy-1-(methylamino)-D-glucitol (1:1)
sodium hydrogen 3-sulfonatobenzoate
ethyl 2-[4-(2,2-dichlorocyclopropyl)phenoxy]-2-methylpropanoate
sodium 2-propylpentanoate
propyl {4-[2-(diethylamino)-2-oxoethoxy]-3-ethoxyphenyl}acetate
5-[(4-bromo-2-chlorophenyl)amino]-4-fluoro-N-(2-hydroxyethoxy)-1-methyl-1H-benzimidazole-6-carboxamide
4-hydroxybenzoic acid -- (2S,4E)-N-methyl-5-[5-(propan-2-yloxy)pyridin-3-yl]pent-4-en-2-amine (1:1)
N-(2-{[(2S)-3-{[1-(4-chlorobenzyl)piperidin-4-yl]amino}-2-hydroxy-2-methylpropyl]oxy}-4-hydroxyphenyl)acetamide
4-amino-8-(2,5-dimethoxyphenyl)-N-propylcinnoline-3-carboxamide
4-amino-8-(2-fluoro-6-methoxyphenyl)-N-propylcinnoline-3-carboxamide
(2S)-1-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)azetidine-2-carboxylic acid
(2S)-N-{4-[(Z)-amino(methoxyimino)methyl]benzyl}-1-{(2R)-2-[3-chloro-5-(difluoromethoxy)phenyl]-2-hydroxyethanoyl}azetidine-2-car-

boxamide benzenesulphonic acid (1:1)

2-{ethyl[3-({4-[(5-{2-[(3-fluorophenyl)amino]-2-oxoethyl}-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)amino]quinazolin-7-yl}oxy)propyl]amino}ethyl dihydrogen

phosphate

N-(5-chloro-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl)-7-[2-(4-methyl-1-piperazinyl)ethoxy]-5-[(tetrahydro-2H-pyran-4-yl)oxy]-4-quinazolinamine -- (2E)-2-

butenedioate (1:2)

3-[(methylsulfonyl)amino]-2-phenyl-N-[(1S)-1-phenylpropyl]quinoline-4-carboxamide
(2R)-3'H-spiro[4-azabicyclo[2.2.2]octane-2,2'-furo[2,3-b]pyridine] (S,S)-2,3-dihydroxybutanedioate
(2R)-3'H-spiro[4-azabicyclo[2.2.2]octane-2,2'-furo[2,3-b]pyridine]
4-fluoro-2-methyl-1H-indol-5-ol
2-{[(3aR,4S,6R,6aS)-6-{[5-amino-6-chloro-2-(propylsulfanyl)pyrimidin-4-yl]amino}-2,2-dimethyltetrahydro-3aH-cyclopenta[d][1,3]dioxol-

4-yl]oxy}ethanol

(1R,2S)-2-(3,4-difluorophenyl)cyclopropanaminium (2R)-hydroxy(phenyl)ethanoate
7-(benzyloxy)-6-methoxyquinazolin-4(3H)-one
sodium hydrogen [1-hydroxy-1-phosphono-2-(pyridin-3-yl)ethyl]phosphonate hemipentahydrate

CAS Number

52602-39-8
451487-18-6
356058-42-9
90035-34-0
89694-48-4
376592-58-4
18048-64-1
444731-72-0
3934-20-1
444731-74-2
3934-20-1
122321-04-4
291536-35-1
136172-58-2

114869-97-5

99541-26-1

99541-23-8

6504-57-0
85006-31-1
61379-64-4
55112-42-0
1072-98-6
89-97-4
145641-35-6
10226-30-9
22316-45-6
477-29-2
974-23-2
133-51-7
17625-03-5
52179-28-9
1069-66-5
579494-66-9
606143-52-6
691882-47-0
548797-97-3
942436-93-3
942437-37-8
51077-14-6

631916-97-7

722543-31-9

893428-72-3

941690-55-7
220100-81-2
220099-91-2
288385-88-6

376608-74-1

376608-71-8
179688-01-8
329003-65-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

Product Name

103

CAS Number

(5S,8S,11S,14S,17S,20S,23S,26S,29S,32S,35S,38S)-5-(3-amino-3-oxopropyl)-20-benzyl-23-[(2S)-butan-2-yl]-14,38-bis{4-[(tert-bu-
toxycarbonyl)amino]butyl}-29-{[1-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)-1H-indol-3-yl]methyl}-17-(3-tert-butoxy-3-oxopropyl)-1-(1H-fluoren-9-yl)-
8,11,26,41,41-pentamethyl-32-(2-methylpropyl)-3,6,9,12,15,18,21,24,27,30,33,36,39-tridecaoxo-35-(propan-2-yl)-2-oxa-
4,7,10,13,16,19,22,25,28,31,34,37,40-tridecaazadotetracontan-42-oic acid

5-methyl-1-(propan-2-yl)-4-[4-(propan-2-yloxy)benzyl]-1,2-dihydro-3H-pyrazol-3-one
2-methyl-3-[(2S)-pyrrolidin-2-ylmethoxy]pyridine 2,3-dihydroxybutanedioate
(2S,3S)-2,3-bis[(phenylcarbonyl)oxy]butanedioic acid -- ethyl (3aR,6aR)-hexahydropyrrolo[3,4-b]pyrrole-5(1H)-carboxylate (1:1)
(3aR,6aR)-1-(pyridin-3-yl)octahydropyrrolo[3,4-b]pyrrole 4-methylbenzenesulfonate
(3aR,6aR)-1-(pyridin-3-yl)octahydropyrrolo[3,4-b]pyrrole dihydrochloride
4-[(3-nitropyridin-2-yl)amino]phenol
1-(2-fluoro-5-methylphenyl)-3-[4-(4,4,5,5-tetramethyl-1,3,2-dioxaborolan-2-yl)phenyl]urea
N-{2-[(4-hydroxyphenyl)amino]pyridin-3-yl}-4-methoxybenzenesulfonamide hydrochloride
1-[4-(3-amino-1H-indazol-4-yl)phenyl]-3-(2-fluoro-5-methylphenyl)urea hydrochloride
1-[4-(3-amino-1H-indazol-4-yl)phenyl]-3-(2-fluoro-5-methylphenyl)urea
5,6-dichloro-N-(2,2-dimethoxyethyl)pyridin-3-amine
[(3S,4S)-4-amino-1-(5,6-dichloropyridin-3-yl)pyrrolidin-3-yl]methanol
(1S,5S)-3-(5,6-dichloropyridin-3-yl)-3,6-diazabicyclo[3.2.0]heptane benzenesulfonate
DNA, d(T-sp-C-G-sp-T-sp-C-G-sp-T-sp-T-sp-T-sp-T-sp-G-sp-A-sp-C-G-sp-T-sp-T-sp-T-sp-T-sp-Gsp-T-sp-C-G-sp-T-sp-T)
4-(4-{[(2S,4R)-4-[acetyl(4-chlorophenyl)amino]-2-methyl-3,4-dihydroquinolin-1(2H)-yl]carbonyl}phenoxy)-2,2-dimethylbutanoic acid
4-[4-({3-[(4-deoxy-4-fluoro-b-D-glucopyranosyl)oxy]-5-(propan-2-yl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl}methyl)phenyl]-N-[1,3-dihydroxy-2-(hydrox-

ymethyl)propan-2-yl]butanamide

2-({[(1R,3S)-3-{[2-(3-methoxyphenyl)-5-methyl-1,3-oxazol-4-yl]methoxy}cyclohexyl]oxy}methyl)-6-methylbenzoic acid
2-(4-methoxybenzyl)thiophen-3-yl β-D-glucopyranoside
5-(benzylamino)-2-(3-methoxyphenyl)-7-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]quinoline-4-carbonitrile -- (2E)-but-2-enedioate

(2:1) hydrate

3-[2-chloro-4-({4-methyl-2-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-1,3-thiazol-5-yl}methoxy)phenyl]-1,2,4-oxadiazol-5(4H)-one
2-[3-(6-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]amino}-2-methoxypyrimidin-4-yl)phenyl]-2-methylpropanoic acid phosphate
(2Z)-[(acetyloxy)imino](2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)ethanoic acid
2-(2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-2-yl)propan-2-amine hydrochloride
(2R)-1-(5-bromo-2,3-difluorophenoxy)-3-{[1-(2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-2-yl)-2-methylpropan-2-
yl]amino}propan-2-ol hydrochloride
ethyl (2E)-3-(3-{[(2R)-3-{[1-(2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-2-yl)-2-methylpropan-2-yl]amino}-2-hydroxypropyl]oxy}-4,5-difluorophenyl)prop-2-

enoate hydrochloride

(3S,6R,9S,12R,15S,18R,21S,24R)-6,18-dibenzyl-4,10,12,16,22,24-hexamethyl-3,9,15,21-tetrakis(2-methylpropyl)-1,7,13,19-tetraoxa-

4,10,16,22-tetraazacyclotetracosane-2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23-octone

2-(cyclohexylmethyl)-N-{2-[(2S)-1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl]ethyl}-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline-7-sulfonamide di[(2E)-but-2-enedioate]

hydrate

5-fluoro-1-(3-fluorobenzyl)-N-(1H-indol-5-yl)-1H-indole-2-carboxamide
(+)-5-[6-(1-methyl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)pyridin-3-yl]-1-azabicyclo[3.2.1]octane
7-chloro-3-(6-methoxypyridin-3-yl)-N,N,5-trimethyl-4-oxo-4,5-dihydro-3H-pyridazino[4,5-b]indole-1-carboxamide
N-[(S)-1-azabicyclo[2.2.2]oct-2-yl(phenyl)methyl]-2,6-dichloro-3-(trifluoromethyl)benzamide hydrochloride
4-(2-chloro-4-methoxy-5-methylphenyl)-N-[(1S)-2-cyclopropyl-1-(3-fluoro-4-methylphenyl)ethyl]-5-methyl-N-(prop-2-yn-1-yl)-1,3-thiazol-

2-amine

2-amino-2-oxoethyl{3-[trans-5-(6-methoxynaphthalen-1-yl)-1,3-dioxan-2-yl]propyl}carbamate
N-(5-fluoro-3-methyl-1H-indol-1-yl)-4-methyl-2-(pyridin-2-yl)pyrimidine-5-carboxamide
DNA (synthetic plasmid vector pCOR human interferon b signal peptide fusion protein with 21-154-human acidic fibroblast growth factor-

specifying)

1-[(2R,5S)-5-(hydroxymethyl)-2,5-dihydrofuran-2-yl]-5-methylpyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione -- 1-methylpyrrolidin-2-one (1:1)
[(1R,5S)-5-[dimethyl(phenyl)silyl]-2-{[(2-methoxypropan-2-yl)oxy]methyl}cyclopent-2-en-1-yl]methanol
{(4S,5R)-5-[(benzyloxy)methyl]-4-[dimethyl(phenyl)silyl]cyclopent-1-en-1-yl}methanol
2-amino-9-{(1S,3R,4S)-3-[(benzyloxy)methyl]-4-[dimethyl(phenyl)silyl]-2-methylidenecyclopentyl}-1,9-dihydro-6H-purin-6-one

methanesulfonate (2:1)

1000164-36-2

1028026-83-6
945405-37-8
948846-40-0
00-00-0
370882-57-8
78750-61-5
796967-18-5
141450-48-8
00-00-0
796967-16-3
876068-46-1
876068-51-8
876170-44-4
665058-78-6
868210-14-4

871484-32-1

710281-33-7
647834-15-9

00-00-0

866920-24-3
934815-71-1
110130-88-6
1034457-07-2
1035455-90-3

1035455-87-8

133413-70-4

00-00-0

00-00-0
925978-49-0
550349-58-1
00-00-0

752253-39-7

666860-59-9
00-00-0

1001859-46-6

165172-60-1
701278-08-2
701278-09-3

1032066-96-8

2-amino-N-(2-chloro-6-methylphenyl)-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxamide
N-(2-chloro-6-methylphenyl)-2-[(6-chloro-2-methylpyrimidin-4-yl)amino]-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxamide
4,6-dichloro-2-methylpyrimidine
tert-butyl [(1S)-2-[(1S,3S,5S)-3-cyano-2-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hex-2-yl]-1-(3-hydroxytricyclo[3.3.1.1(3,7)]dec-1-yl)-2-oxoethyl]carbamate
{2-[(tert-butoxycarbonyl)amino]-3-hydroxytricyclo[3.3.1.1(3,7)]dec-1-yl}acetic acid
(1S,3S,5S)-2-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hexane-3-carboxamide methanesulfonate

302964-24-5
302964-08-5
1780-26-3
709031-43-6
361442-00-4
709031-45-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

104
Product Name

(3-hydroxytricyclo[3.3.1.1(3,7)]dec-1-yl)(oxo)acetic acid
tert-butyl (1S,3S,5S)-3-carbamoyl-2-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hexane-2-carboxylate
tert-butyl (2S)-2-carbamoyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-pyrrole-1-carboxylate
5-methyl-4-oxo-1,4-dihydropyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazin-6-yl 2,2-dimethylpropanoate
4-[(4-fluoro-2-methyl-1H-indol-5-yl)oxy]-5-methylpyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazin-6-yl 2,2-dimethylpropanoate
(2R)-1-({4-[(4-fluoro-2-methyl-1H-indol-5-yl)oxy]-5-methylpyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazin-6-yl}oxy)propan-2-ol
(2R)-2-methyloxirane
N-benzyloxycarbonyl-L-alanine
ethyl 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-6-(4-nitrophenyl)-7-oxo-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-c]pyridine-3-carboxylate
ethyl 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-7-oxo-6-[4-(2-oxopiperidin-1-yl)phenyl]-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-c]pyridine-3-carboxylate
ethyl (2Z)-chloro[2-(4-methoxyphenyl)hydrazinylidene]ethanoate
3-chloro-1-(4-nitrophenyl)-5,6-dihydropyridin-2(1H)-one
4-(5-bromo-2-chlorobenzyl)phenyl ethyl ether
but-2-yne-1,4-diol -- methyl 1-C-[4-chloro-3-(4-ethoxybenzyl)phenyl]-α-D-glucopyranoside (1:1)
(1S)-2,3,4,6-tetra-O-acetyl-1,5-anhydro-1-[4-chloro-3-(4-ethoxybenzyl)phenyl]-D-glucitol
N-{5-[(diphenylphosphoryl)methyl]-4-(4-fluorophenyl)-6-(propan-2-yl)pyrimidin-2-yl}-N-methylmethanesulfonamide
(3-{[(2R,3S)-2-{(1R)-1-[3,5-bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethoxy}-3-(2-fluorophenyl)morpholin-4-yl]methyl}-5-oxo-2,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-tri-

azol-1-yl)phosphonic acid -- 1-deoxy-1-(methylamino)-D-glucitol (1:2)

methyl 1-tert-butyl-2-hydroxy-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridine-3-carboxylate
[(8R)-8-(3,5-difluorophenyl)-10-oxo-6,9-diazaspiro[4.5]dec-9-yl]acetic acid
2,3-dihydroxy-2,3-bis(phenylcarbonyl)butanedioic acid -- ethyl [(8R)-8-(3,5-difluorophenyl)-10-oxo-6,9-diazaspiro[4.5]dec-9-yl]acetate

(1:1)

2,2,2-trifluoro-1-[4'-(methylsulfonyl)biphenyl-4-yl]ethanone
[2-(chloromethyl)-4-(dibenzylamino)phenyl]methanol hydrochloride
4-fluoro-L-leucine -- ethyl hydrogen sulfate (1:1)
4-(4-fluorophenyl)-7-(isothiocyanatomethyl)-2H-chromen-2-one
3-{[6-(ethylsulfonyl)pyridin-3-yl]oxy}-5-{[(2S)-1-hydroxypropan-2-yl]oxy}benzoic acid -- 1,4-diazabicyclo[2.2.2]octane (2:1)
methyl (5R,7S,10S)-10-tert-butyl-15,15-dimethyl-3,9,12-trioxo-6,7,9,10,11,12,14,15,16,17,18,19-dodecahydro-1H,5H-2,23:5,8-

dimethano-4,13,2,8,11-benzodioxatriazacyclohenicosine-7(3H)-carboxylate

(1R,2R)-1-[(cyclopropylsulfonyl)carbamoyl]-2-ethylcyclopropanaminium 4-methylbenzenesulfonate
2-hydroxy-2-(trifluoromethyl)butanehydrazide
4-(ethylamino)piperidine-4-carboxamide
6-(hydroxymethyl)-4-phenyl-3,4-dihydro-2H-chromen-2-ol
3-{(3R,4R)-4-methyl-3-[methyl(7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)amino]piperidin-1-yl}-3-oxopropanenitrile 2-hydroxypropane-1,2,3-tricar-

boxylate

2,4-dichloro-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidine
1-({4-[({[2-oxo-3-(propan-2-yl)-2,3-dihydro-1H-benzimidazol-1-yl]carbonyl}amino)methyl]piperidin-1-yl}methyl)cyclobutanecarboxylic

acid

1-[(4-{[(tert-butoxycarbonyl)amino]methyl}piperidin-1-yl)methyl]cyclobutanecarboxylic acid
1-(propan-2-yl)-1,3-dihydro-2H-benzimidazol-2-one
S-[(1R,3S)-1-oxidotetrahydrothiophen-3-yl] ethanethioate
2,8-dimethyl-5-[2-(6-methylpyridin-3-yl)ethyl]-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole
2,8-dimethyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole
(3R)-3-cyclopentyl-3-[4-(7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]propanenitrile
3-cyclopentylprop-2-enenitrile
1-(1-ethoxyethyl)-4-(4,4,5,5-tetramethyl-1,3,2-dioxaborolan-2-yl)-1H-pyrazole
4-(1H-pyrazol-4-yl)-7-{[2-(trimethylsilyl)ethoxy]methyl}-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidine
(3S)-3-cyclopentyl-3-[4-(7-{[2-(trimethylsilyl)ethoxy]methyl}-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]propanenitrile
(3R)-3-cyclopentyl-3-[4-(7-{[2-(trimethylsilyl)ethoxy]methyl}-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]propanenitrile
3-cyclopentyl-3-[4-(7-{[2-(trimethylsilyl)ethoxy]methyl}-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]propanenitrile
4-chloro-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidine
(3S,5R)-3-amino-5-methyloctanoic acid hydrochloride
(3S,5R)-3-amino-5-methyloctanoic acid
(3R)-3-methylhexanoic acid
(2R,3R)-2,3-dimethylbutane-1,4-diyl bis(4-methylbenzenesulfonate)
4-(1-aminocyclopropyl)-2,3,5-trifluorobenzoic acid
4-[1-(acetylamino)cyclopropyl]-2,3,5-trifluorobenzoic acid

CAS Number

709031-28-7
361440-67-7
709031-38-9
872206-47-8
952490-01-6
649735-46-6
15448-47-2
1142-20-7
536759-91-8
503614-91-3
473927-63-8
536760-29-9
461432-23-5
960404-59-5
461432-25-7
289042-10-0

265121-04-8

00-00-0
957187-34-7

00-00-0

893407-18-6
00-00-0
848949-85-9
00-00-0
1137917-12-4

923591-06-4

1198178-65-2
910656-45-0
84100-54-9
959624-24-9

540737-29-9

90213-66-4

871022-14-9

871022-19-4
35681-40-4
120788-03-6
3613-73-8
19686-05-6
941678-49-5
591769-05-0
1029716-44-6
941685-27-4
941685-41-2
941685-40-1
941685-39-8
3680-69-1
610300-00-0
610300-07-7
22328-90-1
281214-27-5
143785-86-8
143785-87-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

105

Product Name

(6R)-6-cyclopentyl-6-[2-(2,6-diethylpyridin-4-yl)ethyl]-3-[(5,7-dimethyl[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-2-yl)methyl]-4-hydroxy-5,6-dihydro-

2H-pyran-2-one

5,7-dimethyl[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine-2-carbaldehyde
4-bromo-2,6-diethylpyridine 4-methylbenzenesulfonate
sodium 2-amino-2-phenylbutanoate
methyl 2-(dimethylamino)-2-phenylbutanoate
3-(4-chlorophenyl)-N-methyl-4-phenyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole-1-carboximidamide
(4S)-3-(4-chlorophenyl)-N-methyl-4-phenyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazole-1-carboximidamide 2,3-dihydroxybutanedioate
(3,3-difluoropyrrolidin-1-yl){(2S,4S)-4-[4-(pyrimidin-2-yl)piperazin-1-yl]pyrrolidin-2-yl}methanone
3,3-difluoropyrrolidine hydrochloride
6-iodo-1H-indazole
(-)-3-{3-bromo-4-[(2,4-difluorobenzyl)oxy]-6-methyl-2-oxopyridin-1(2H)-yl}-N,4-dimethylbenzamide
methyl 3-(4-hydroxy-6-methyl-2-oxopyridin-1(2H)-yl)-4-methylbenzoate
(1S)-1-amino-3-methyl-1,3,4,5-tetrahydro-2H-3-benzazepin-2-one hydrochloride
L-α-aspartyl-L-α-glutamyl-L-asparaginyl-L-prolyl-L-valyl-L-valyl-L-histidyl-L-phenylalanyl-L-phenylalanyl-L-lysyl-L-asparaginyl-L-isoleucyl-

L-valyl-L-threonyl-L-prolyl-L-arginyl-L-threonine

L-α-aspartyl-L-α-glutamyl-L-asparaginyl-L-prolyl-L-valyl-L-valyl-L-histidyl-L-phenylalanyl-L-phenylalanyl-L-lysyl-L-asparaginyl-L-isoleucyl-

L-valyl-L-threonyl-L-prolyl-L-arginyl-L-threonine tetraacetate

N4-[(4-fluorophenyl)methyl]-2-nitro-1,4-benzenediamine
ethyl {4-[(4-fluorobenzyl)amino]-2-nitrophenyl}carbamate
2,3-diaminobenzamide dihydrochloride
1-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)-2-methyl-D-proline
2-[(2S)-2-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl]-1H-benzimidazole-4-carboxamide dihydrochloride
2-[(2R)-2-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl]-1H-benzimidazole-4-carboxamide
1-(2-nitrobenzyl)-1H-pyrrole-2-carbaldehyde
5-fluoro-2-methylbenzoyl chloride
2-chloro-4-{[(5-fluoro-2-methylphenyl)carbonyl]amino}benzoic acid
ethyl 3-amino-4-[2-(1,3-dioxo-1,3-dihydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl)ethoxy]but-2-enoate
N-(4-chloro-3-cyano-7-ethoxyquinolin-6-yl)acetamide
2-((2-chloro-4-nitrophenoxy)methyl)pyridine
(E)-4-(dimethylamino)but-2-enoic acid hydrochloride
2-cyano-N-(2,4-dichloro-5-methoxy phenyl)acetamide
2-(3-chloropropoxy)-1-methoxy-4-nitrobenzene
benzyl (3S)-6,7-dimethoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxylate hydrochloride
benzyl (2S,3aS,6aS)-octahydrocyclopenta[b]pyrrole-2-carboxylate hydrochloride
1,1'-binaphthalene-2,2'-diol --5-methoxy-2-{(S)-[(4-methoxy-3,5-dimethylpyridin-2-yl)methyl]sulfinyl}-1H-benzimidazole(1:1)
5,7-dioxa-6-thiaspiro[2.5]octane-6-oxide
(S)-3-(dimethylamino)-1-(thiophen-2-yl)propan-1-ol
(3S)-N,N-dimethyl-3-(naphthalen-1-yloxy)-3-(thiophen-2-yl)propan-1-amine
methyl 2-((R)-3-(3-((E)-2-(7-chloroquinolin-2-yl)vinyl)phenyl)-3-(((1-(hydroxymethyl)cyclopropyl)methyl)sulfanyl)propyl)benzoate hy-

drochloride

(2Z)-{[(1-tert-butoxy-2-methyl-1-oxopropan-2-yl)oxy]imino}[2-(tritylamino)-1,3-thiazol-4-yl]ethanoic acid
1-(pyridin-4-yl)pyridinium chloride hydrochloride
2-(3-chloropropyl)-2-(4-fluorophenyl)-1,3-dioxolane
1-{1-[4-(4'-fluorophenyl)-4,4-ethylendioxobutyl]-1,2,3,6-tetrahydro-4-pyridinyl]-1,3-dihydro-benzimidazol-2-one
2,5-bis(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)benzoic acid
1-phenyl-3-oxabicyclo[3.1.0]hexan-2-one
N2-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-L-glutaminyl-L-asparaginyl-S-benzyl-L-cysteinyl-L-prolyl-L-leucylglycinamide
(2R)-3-(benzylsulfanyl)-N-[(2S)-1-{[(2S,3S)-1-hydrazinyl-3-methyl-1-oxopentan-2-yl]amino}-
3-chloro-6-methyldibenzo[c,f][1,2]thiazepin-11(6H)-one 5,5-dioxide
3-alpha-hydroxy-7-oxo-5-beta-cholan-24-oic acid
diethyl ethyl(1-methylbutyl)malonate
6-fluoro-3-oxo-3,4-dihydropyrazine-2-carbonitrile -- N-cyclohexylcyclohexanamine (1:1)
ethyl 6-bromo-5-hydroxy-1-methyl-2-[(phenylsulfanyl)methyl]-1H-indole-3-carboxylate
(2S-3αS,7αS)-octahydro-1H-indole-2-carboxylic acid
N-[(2S)-1-ethoxy-1-oxopentan-2-yl]-L-alanine
3-{(E)-2-[(3R)-pyrrolidin-3-yl]ethenyl}-5-(tetrahydro-2H-pyran-4-yloxy)pyridine
4,6-dichloro-5-nitro-2-(propylsulfanyl)pyrimidine

CAS Number

877130-28-4

55293-96-4
927889-51-8
94133-84-3
39068-93-4
1035675-24-1
1035677-60-1
869490-23-3
163457-23-6
261953-36-0
586414-48-4
586379-61-5
425663-71-4

152074-97-0

781666-30-6

150812-21-8
150812-23-0
266993-72-0
166170-15-6
912445-36-4
912444-00-9
22162-51-2
21900-39-0
168080-49-7
265136-65-0
848133-76-6
179687-79-7
848133-35-7
846023-24-3
92878-95-0
103733-32-0
87269-87-2
272776-12-2
89729-09-9
132335-44-5
132335-46-7

00-00-0

68672-66-2
5421-92-1
3308-94-9
00-00-0
35480-52-5
63106-93-4
21688-11-9
39570-96-2
26638-53-9
4651-67-6
76-72-2
1137606-74-6
131707-24-9
80875-98-5
82834-12-6
753015-42-8
145783-14-8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

PHARMACEUTICAL APPENDIX TO THE TARIFF SCHEDULE

106
Product Name

(3aR,4S,6R,6aS)-2,2-dimethyl-6-(2-methylidene-4-phenylbutyl)tetrahydro-3aH-cyclopenta[d][1,3]dioxol-4-ol
poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl), α-hydro-ω-methoxy, diester with 21N6, 21’N6-[[(N2, N6-dicarboxy-L-lysyl-β-alanyl)imino]bis(1-oxo-2, 1-

ethanediyl)]bis[N-acetylglycyl-L-leucyl-L-tyrosyl-L-alanyl-L-cysteinyl-L-histidyl-L-methionylglycyl-L-prolyl-L-isoleucyl-L-threonyl-3-(1-
naphthalenyl)-L-alanyl-L-valyl-L-cysteinyl-L-glutaminyl-L-prolyl-L-leucyl-L-arginyl-N-methylglycyl-L-lysinamide] cyclic (6→15), (6’→15’)
bis(disulfide)

CAS Number

274693-53-7

913976-27-9

(1S,3S,6S,9S,12S,14R,16R,18S,20R,21R,22S,26R,29S,31R,32S,33R,35R,36S)-20-[(2S)-3-amino-2-hydroxypropyl]-21-methoxy-14-
methyl-8,15-bis(methylene)-2,19,30,34,37,39,40,41-octaoxanonacyclo[24.9.2.13,32.13,33.16,9.112,16.018,22.029,36.031,35]hen-
tetracontan-24-one methanesulfonate

441045-17-6

4-chloro-3-methyl-1,2-oxazol-5-amine
5-(chloromethyl)-6-methyl-1,3-benzodioxole
methyl 3-(chlorosulfonyl)thiophene-2-carboxylate
(S)-1-butyl-N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)piperidine-2-carboxamide
(3R,4R)-1-benzyl-N,4-dimethylpiperidin-3-amine dihydrochloride
(3S,4aS,8aR)-2-(methoxycarbonyl)-6-oxodecahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid --(1R)-1-phenylethanamine (1:1)
(3S,4aS,6S,8aR)-6-hydroxy-2-(methoxycarbonyl)decahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid
5-(2-chloro-6-fluorophenyl)-2H-tetrazole
(3S,4αS,6S,8αR)-6-[3-chloro-2-(2H-tetrazol-5-yl)phenoxy]decahydro-3-isoquinolinecarboxylic acid hydrochloride
2-ethylbutyl (3S,4αS,6S,8αR)-6-[3-chloro-2-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)phenoxy]decahydro-3-isoquinolinecarboxylate 4-methylbenzenesulfonate
5-{[3,5-diethyl-1-(2-hydroxyethyl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl]oxy}benzene-1,3-dicarbonitrile
4-chloro-heptane-3,5-dione
5-hydroxybenzene-1,3-dicarbonitrile
methyl 2-((R)-3-(3-((E)-2-(7-chloroquinolin-2-yl)vinyl)phenyl)-3-(((1-(hydroxymethyl)cyclopropyl)methyl)sulfanyl)propyl)benzoate

166964-09-6
117661-72-0
59337-92-7
27262-47-1
1062580-52-2
134388-95-7
503293-98-9
503293-47-8
503290-66-2
503291-53-0
473921-12-9
13054-81-4
79370-78-8
936359-25-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

INTERMEDIATE CHEMICALS FOR DYES APPENDIX

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

INTERMEDIATE CHEMICALS FOR DYES APPENDIX

2
This appendix enumerates those intermediate chemicals for dyes which are eligible for duty-free treatment under the provisions of general
note 14 of the tariff schedule.

Product Name

CAS Number

Acetaldehyde, (1,3-dihydro-1,3,3-trimethyl-2H-indol-2-ylidene)- .......................................................................................
Acetamide, N-(3-amino-4-methoxyphenyl)- ..........................................................................................................................
Acetamide, N-(3-aminophenyl)- ..............................................................................................................................................
Acetamide, N-(4-aminophenyl)- ..............................................................................................................................................
Acetamide, N-(3-aminophenyl)-, monohydrochloride ...........................................................................................................
Acetamide, N-(4-aminophenyl)-N-methyl- .............................................................................................................................
Acetamide, N-(2,5-dimethoxy phenyl)- ..................................................................................................................................
Acetamide, N-(7-hydroxy-1-naphthalenyl- .............................................................................................................................
Acetamide, N-(2-methoxy-5-methyl phenyl)- .........................................................................................................................
Acetamide, N-(2-Methoxy Phenyl)- ........................................................................................................................................
2-amino-diphenyl-sulfone .........................................................................................................................................................
2-(2-amino-ethoxy)-2'-chloro-diethylsulfone hydrochloride ..................................................................................................
2-[(4-Amino-5-methoxy phenyl)sulfonyl]-ethanol, hydrogen sulfate ester...........................................................................
2-Amino-1,5-naphthalene disulfonic acid, monosodium salt................................................................................................
2-[3-Aminophenyl)sulfonyl]-ethanol, hydrogen sulfate ester.................................................................................................
Aniline, 2-chloro-4-nitro-monohydrochloride- ........................................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione ..............................................................................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione, 1-amino- ............................................................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione, 1-amino-2-bromo-4-hydroxy- ..........................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione, 1-amino-2-chloro-4-hydroxy- ..........................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione, 1-amino-N-ethyl-N-phenyl- .............................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione, 1,4-diamino-2,3-dihydro- .................................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione, 1,8-dichloro- ......................................................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione, 1,4-dihydroxy- ...................................................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione, 1,4-dihydroxy- ...................................................................................................................................
9,10-Anthracenedione, 1,8-dihydroxy-4,5-dinitro- ................................................................................................................
2-Anthracenesulfonic acid, 1-amino-4-bromo-9,10-dihydro-9,10-dioxo- ...........................................................................
2-Anthracenesulfonic acid, 1-amino-4-bromo-9,10-dihydro-9,10-dioxo-, monosodium salt ...........................................
1H-Azepine, hexahydro- ..........................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 2,6-dichloro-4-nitro- ............................................................................................................................................
Benezenesulfonamide, 2-amino-N-ethyl-N-phenyl- ..............................................................................................................
Benzaldehyde, 2-chloro- ..........................................................................................................................................................
Benzaldehyde, 2,6-dichloro- ....................................................................................................................................................
Benzamide, 4-amino-N-(4-aminophenyl)- ..............................................................................................................................
Benzamide, 4-amino-N-[3-[(2-hydroxyethyl)sulfonyl], phenyl]- ...........................................................................................
Benzamide, N-(3-aminophenyl)- .............................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 3-amino-4-methoxy-N-phenyl- ...........................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 3-chloro- ...............................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 4-chloro-2,5-dimethoxy- .....................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 5-chloro-2-methoxy- ............................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 5-chloro-2-methyl- ...............................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 2-chloro-5-nitro- ...................................................................................................................................................
1,4-Benzaminediamine, 2 chloro-, sulfate ..............................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 2,5-dichloro- .........................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 2,4-dimethoxy- .....................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 2,5-dimethoxy- .....................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 2,4-dinitro- ............................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 4-ethoxy-2-nitro- ..................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 4-fluoro-3-nitro- ....................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 2-methoxy-5-nitro ................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 4-(phenylazo)- ......................................................................................................................................................
Benzamine, 4-(phenylazo)-, monohydrochloride ..................................................................................................................
Benzeneamine, 2-chloro-4-nitro- ............................................................................................................................................
Benzeneamine, 4-chloro-2-(trifluoromethyl)- .........................................................................................................................
Benzeneamine, 2-methoxy- .....................................................................................................................................................

84-83-3
6375-47-9
102-28-3
122-80-5
621-35-2
119-63-1
3467-59-2
6470-18-4
6962-44-3
93-26-5
4273-98-7
98231-71-1
10079-20-6
19352-03-7
2494-88-4
618-99-5
84-65-1
82-45-1
116-82-5
2478-67-3
81-49-2
81-63-0
82-43-9
81-61-4
81-64-1
81-55-0
116-81-4
6258-06-6
111-49-9
99-30-9
81-10-7
89-98-5
83-38-5
785-30-8
20241-68-3
16091-26-2
120-35-4
108-42-9
6358-64-1
95-03-4
95-79-4
6283-25-6
6219-71-2
95-82-9
2735-04-8
102-56-7
97-02-9
616-86-4
364-76-1
99-59-2
60-09-3
3457-98-5
121-87-9
445-03-4
90-04-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Product Name

INTERMEDIATE CHEMICALS FOR DYES APPENDIX

CAS Number

3

Benzeneamine, 4-methoxy- .....................................................................................................................................................
Benzeneamine, 2-methoxy-4-nitro- .........................................................................................................................................
Benzeneamine, N-methyl- ........................................................................................................................................................
Benzeneamine, 4-(6-methyl-2-benzothiazolyl)- ....................................................................................................................
Benzeneamine, 3-nitro- ............................................................................................................................................................
Benzeneamine, 2-(trifluoromethyl)- ........................................................................................................................................
Benzeneamine, 4-ethoxy- ........................................................................................................................................................
Benzene, 1-chloro-2,4-dinitro- .................................................................................................................................................
1,2-Benzenediamine, 4-ethoxy-, sulfate (1:1) ........................................................................................................................
1,3-Benzenediamine, 4-methyl- ..............................................................................................................................................
Benzene, 1,2-dimethyl-4-nitro- ................................................................................................................................................
1,4-Benzenedisulfonic acid, 2-amino- ....................................................................................................................................
1,4-Benzenedisulfonic acid, 2-amino-, sodium salt ..............................................................................................................
Benzeneethanol, 4-hydroxy- ....................................................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonamide, 2-amino-N-cyclohexyl-N-methyl- ......................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonamide, 3-(4,5-Dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1H-pyrazol-1-yl)- ...........................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 4-(acetylamino)-2-amino- ..................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2-amino- ..............................................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 3-amino- ..............................................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 5-amino-2-[(4-aminophenyl)amino] .................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 3-amino-4-chloro- ..............................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 4-amino-2,5-dichloro- ........................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 4-amino-2,5-dichloro-, monosodium salt .........................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 3-amino-4-hydroxy- ............................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2-amino, 5-methoxy- ..........................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2-amino, 4-methoxy-, monosoduim salt ..........................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 3-amino-, monosodium salt ..............................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 5-amino-2-[2-(4-nitro-2-sulfophenyl)ethenyl]- .................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 5-amino-2-[2-(4-nitro-2-sulfophenyl)ethenyl]-, disodium salt ........................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2-amino-5-[(4-sulfophenyl)azo]- .......................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2-amino-5-[(4-sulfophenyl)azo]-, disodium salt ..............................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 4-chloro-3-(4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1H-pyrazol-1-yl)- ...........................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2,4-diamino- ........................................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2,5-diamino-, monopotassium salt ...................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2,5-diamino-,monopotassium salt ....................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2,4-diamino-, monosodium salt ........................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2,5-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1H-pyrrazol-1-yl)- ...................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 4-(4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1H-pyrazol-1-yl) ............................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 4-[(1,3-dioxybutyl)amino]-5-methoxy-2-methyl- .............................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 4-[(1,3-dioxybutyl)amino]-5-methoxy-2-methyl-, ammonium salt .................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 4-[(1,3-dioxybutyl)amino]-5-methoxy-2-methyl-, monosodium salt ..............................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2,2'-(1,2-ethenediyl)bis[5-amino-], disodium salt ...........................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2,2'-(1,2-ethenediyl)bis[5-amino-], sodium salt ..............................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2,2'(1,2-ethenediyl)bis[5-nitro-, disodium salt] ...............................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2,2'-(1,2-ethenediyl)bis[5-nitro-, sodium salt ..................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 2-formyl-, sodium salt ........................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonic acid, 4-hydrazino- ........................................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonyl chloride, 4-methyl- .......................................................................................................................................
Benzenesulfonyl chloride, 2-nitro- ...........................................................................................................................................
Benzoic acid, 2-amino-5-nitro- ................................................................................................................................................
Benzoic acid, 2-hydroxy-3-methyl- .........................................................................................................................................
Benzonitrile, 2-amino-5-nitro- ..................................................................................................................................................
4H-1-Benzopyran-4-one, 2-(2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-2,5,6-trihydroxy- .................................................................................
2-Benzothiazolamine, 5,6-dichloro- ........................................................................................................................................
2-Benzothiazolamine, 6-methoxy- ..........................................................................................................................................
2-Benzothiazolamine, 6-nitro- .................................................................................................................................................
2-Benzothiazolamine, 4-chloro- ..............................................................................................................................................
Benzothiazole ............................................................................................................................................................................

104-94-9
97-52-9
100-61-8
92-36-4
99-09-2
88-17-5
156-43-4
97-00-7
85137-09-3
95-80-7
99-51-4
98-44-2
76684-33-8
501-94-0
70693-59-3
89-29-2
88-64-2
88-21-1
121-47-1
119-70-0
98-36-2
88-50-6
41295-98-1
98-37-3
13244-33-2
19433-86-4
1126-34-7
119-72-2
6634-82-8
101-50-8
2706-28-7
88-76-6
88-63-1
88-45-9
77847-12-2
3177-22-8
84-57-1
89-36-1
62592-39-6
72705-22-7
133167-77-8
7336-20-1
25394-13-2
3709-43-1
15883-59-7
1008-72-6
98-71-5
98-59-9
1694-92-4
616-79-5
83-40-9
17420-30-3
480-16-0
24072-75-1
1747-60-0
6285-57-0
19952-47-7
95-16-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

4
Product Name

INTERMEDIATE CHEMICALS FOR DYES APPENDIX

CAS Number

7-Benzothiazolesulfonic acid, 2-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl- ...............................................................................................
7-Benzothiazolesulfonic acid, 2-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl-, monolithium salt .................................................................
7-Benzothiazolesulfonic acid, 2-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl-, monopotassium salt ...........................................................
7-Benzothiazolesulfonic acid, 2-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl-, monosodium salt ................................................................
2(3H)-Benzoxazolone, 6-[(2-hydroxyethyl)sulfonyl]- ............................................................................................................
4-(beta Aminoethylamino)-3-(2-hydroxyethyl)sulfonyl]-nitrobenzene .................................................................................
1,1'-Binaphthalene-8,8'-dicarboxylic acid ..............................................................................................................................
[1,1'-Biphenyl]-4,4'-diamine, 3,3'-dimethoxy- ........................................................................................................................
[1,1'-Biphenyl]-4,4'-diamine, 3,3'-dimethoxy-, dihydrochloride ...........................................................................................
[1,1'-Biphenyl]-4,4'-diamine, 3,3'-dimethyl- ...........................................................................................................................
[1,1'-Biphenyl]-4,4'-diamine, 3,3'-dimethyl-, dihydrochloride ..............................................................................................
Butanamide, N-(2,3-dihydro-2-oxo-1H-benzimidazol-5-yl)-3-oxo- .....................................................................................
Butanedioic acid, acetyl-, dimethyl ester ................................................................................................................................
Butanedioic acid, sulfo-,1,4-bis(2-ethylhexyl)ester, sodium salt .........................................................................................
9H-Carbazole ............................................................................................................................................................................
Cobalt, [29H,31H-phthalocyaninato(2-)N29,N30,N31,N32]-,(sp-4-1) ...............................................................................
Cyanamide .................................................................................................................................................................................
Cyanamide, (1,4,5,6-tetrahydro-4,6-dioxo-2-pyrimidinyl- ....................................................................................................
2,5-Cyclohexadiene-1,4-dione, 2,3,5,6-tetrachloro- .............................................................................................................
1,4-Cyclohexanedicarboxylic acid, 2,5-dioxo-, dimethyl ester ............................................................................................
2,4-Diaminobenzenesulfonic acid ...........................................................................................................................................
Disulfide, bis(2-nitrophenyl)- ....................................................................................................................................................
Ethanedioic acid ........................................................................................................................................................................
Ethanol, 2-[(4-amino-2,5-dimethoxy phenyl)sulfonyl]-, hydrogen sulfate ester .................................................................
Ethanol, 2-[(4-amino-5-methoxy-2-methylphenyl), sulfonyl]-, hydrogen sulfate ester ......................................................
Ethanol, 2-[(3-Amino phenyl)sulfonyl]- ...................................................................................................................................
Ethanol, 2-[(4-aminophenyl)sulfonyl]-, hydrogen sulfate ester ............................................................................................
Ethanol, 2-[(3-nitrophenyl)sulfonyl]- ........................................................................................................................................
1H-Indole, 2,3-dihydro-1,3,3-trimethyl-2-methylene- ...........................................................................................................
Methanone, (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)(2,4,6-trihydroxyphenyl)- ...............................................................................................
2-Naphathalenesulfonic acid, 8-amino-, monosodium salt ..................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenecarboxylic acid, 3-hydroxy- ............................................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenecarboxylic acid, 6-hydroxy- ............................................................................................................................
1,3-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 7-amino- .............................................................................................................................
1,5-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 2-amino- .............................................................................................................................
1,5-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 3-amino- .............................................................................................................................
1,3-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 4-amino-5-hydroxy- ...........................................................................................................
2,7-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 4-amino-5-hydroxy- ...........................................................................................................
2,7 Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 4-amino-5-hydroxy-, disodium salt ..................................................................................
1,3-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 4-amino-5-hydroxy-, monopotassium salt ......................................................................
2,7-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 4-amino-5-hydroxy-, monosodium salt ...........................................................................
1,3-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 4-amino-5-hydroxy-, sodium salt .....................................................................................
2,7-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 3-amino-5-hydroxy-, sodium salt .....................................................................................
1,3-naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 7-amino-, monopotassium salt .........................................................................................
1,5-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 2-amino-, monosodium salt ..............................................................................................
1,5-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 3-amino-, sodium salt .......................................................................................................
1,3-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 6-(4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1H-pyrazol-1-yl)- ..........................................................
2,7-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 4,5-dihydroxy- ....................................................................................................................
2,7-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 4,5-dihydroxy-, disodium salt ...........................................................................................
2,7-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 4,5-dihydroxy-,monosodium salt .....................................................................................
1,3-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 7-hydroxy- ..........................................................................................................................
2,7-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 3-hydroxy- ..........................................................................................................................
1,3-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 7-hydroxy-, dipotassium salt ............................................................................................
1,3-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 7-hydroxy-, disodium salt .................................................................................................
2,7-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 3-hydroxy-, disodium salt .................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenedisulfonic acid, 6-hydroxy-, monosodium salt ..............................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 6-amino-7-hydroxy- .................................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 7-(acetylamino)-4-hydroxy- ....................................................................................................

130-17-6
74578-07-7
74578-06-6
74578-05-5
5031-74-3
105652-75-3
29878-91-9
119-90-4
20325-40-0
119-93-7
612-82-8
26576-46-5
10420-33-4
577-11-7
86-74-8
3317-67-7
420-04-2
55067-10-2
118-75-2
6289-46-9
83-63-1
1155-00-6
144-62-7
26672-24-2
21635-69-8
5246-57-1
2494-89-5
41687-30-3
118-12-7
519-34-6
6322-37-8
92-70-6
16712-64-4
86-65-7
117-62-4
131-27-1
82-47-3
90-20-0
3963-80-2
57248-90-5
5460-09-3
76550-42-0
53891-22-8
842-15-9
19532-03-7
52085-24-2
7277-87-4
148-25-4
129-96-4
3888-44-6
118-32-1
148-75-4
842-18-2
842-19-3
135-51-3
135-76-2
6399-72-0
6334-97-0

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Product Name

INTERMEDIATE CHEMICALS FOR DYES APPENDIX

CAS Number

5

1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 2-amino- ....................................................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 4-amino- ....................................................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 5-amino- ....................................................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 8-amino- ....................................................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 5-amino- ....................................................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 6-amino- ....................................................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 8-amino- ....................................................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 6-amino-4-hydroxy- .................................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 7-amino-4-hydroxy- .................................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 2-amino-, mono ammonium salt ............................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 6-amino-, monoammonium salt .............................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 4-amino-, monosodium salt ....................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 6-amino-, monosodium salt ....................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 7,7'-(carbonyldiimino)bis[4-hydroxy- .....................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 7,7'-(carbonyldiimino)bis[4-hydroxy-, disodium salt ............................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 7,7'-(carbonyldiimino)bis[4-hydroxy-, monosodium salt .....................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 4-diazo-3,4-dihydro-7-nitro-3-oxo- ........................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 4-hydroxy- .................................................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 5-hydroxy- .................................................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 8-hydroxy- .................................................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 6-hydroxy-, monopotassium salt ............................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 4-hydroxy-, monosodium salt .................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 4-hydroxy-7-(phenylamino)- ...................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 4-hydroxy-7-(phenylamino)-,monosodium salt ....................................................................
1,3-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 7-hydroxy-, potassium salt ..................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 5-hydroxy-, sodium salt ...........................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 8-(phenylamino)- .....................................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 8-(phenylamino)-, monoammonium salt ...............................................................................
1,3,6-Naphthalenetrisulfonic acid, 7-amino- ..........................................................................................................................
1,3,6-Naphthalenetrisulfonic acid, 8-amino- ..........................................................................................................................
1,3,6 Naphthalenetrisulfonic acid, 7-amino-, diammonium salt ..........................................................................................
1,3,6 Naphthalenetrisulfonic acid, 7-amino-, disodium salt .................................................................................................
1,3,6 Naphthalenetrisulfonic acid, 7-amino-, sodium salt ....................................................................................................
2-Naphthalenol ..........................................................................................................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 4-hydroxy-, monopotassium salt ............................................................................................
1-Naphthalenesulfonic acid, 8-(phenylamino)-,monosodium salt .......................................................................................
1H-Naphth[2,3-f]isoindole-1,3,5,10(2H)tetrone, 4,11-diamino- ..........................................................................................
Naphth[1,2-d][1,2,3]oxadiazole-5-sulphonic acid, 7-nitro- ..................................................................................................
1-Naphthylamine .......................................................................................................................................................................
Nickel [29H,31H-phthalocyaninato(2-)-N29, N30, N31, N32]-, (SP-4-1)- .........................................................................
Phenol, 3-amino- .......................................................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 4-amino- .......................................................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 2-amino-3-bromo-5-nitro- ..........................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 2-amino-4-chloro- .......................................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 2-amino-4,6-dinitro-, monosodium salt ....................................................................................................................
Phenol, 5-Amino-2-methyl- ......................................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 2-amino-4-nitro- ..........................................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 2-amino-5-nitro- ..........................................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 2-amino-4-nitro,monosodium salt .............................................................................................................................
Phenol, 4-chloro-2-(phenylmethyl)- ........................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 3-(diethylamino)- .........................................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 3-(ethylamino)-4-methyl- ............................................................................................................................................
Phenol, 4,4'-sulfonylbis- ...........................................................................................................................................................
2-phenyl-indol-5-sulfonic acid, NA salt ...................................................................................................................................
2-[(phenylmethylene)hydrazino]-4-sulfobenzoic acid ...........................................................................................................
2-[(phenylmethylene)hydrazino]-4-sulfobenzoic acid, monosodium salt ...........................................................................
Propanenitrile, 3,3'-(phenylamino)bis- ...................................................................................................................................
Propionamide, N-(3-aminophenyl)- ........................................................................................................................................

81-16-3
84-86-6
84-89-9
82-75-7
119-79-9
93-00-5
119-28-8
90-51-7
87-02-5
68540-41-0
70682-62-1
130-13-2
58306-86-8
134-47-4
20324-87-2
71550-28-2
63589-25-3
84-87-7
117-59-9
117-22-6
833-66-9
6099-57-6
119-40-4
68213-89-8
13846-08-7
79873-34-0
82-76-8
28836-03-5
118-03-6
117-42-0
70714-69-1
67602-72-6
41016-61-9
135-19-3
37860-62-1
1445-19-8
128-81-4
84-91-3
134-27-7
14055-02-8
591-27-5
123-30-8
17601-96-6
95-85-2
831-52-7
2835-95-2
99-57-0
121-88-0
61702-43-0
120-32-1
91-68-9
120-37-6
80-09-1
119205-39-9
77734-52-2
131887-77-9
1555-66-4
22987-10-6

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

6
Product Name

INTERMEDIATE CHEMICALS FOR DYES APPENDIX

CAS Number

1H-Pyrazol-5-amine, 3-methyl-1-phenyl- ...............................................................................................................................
1H-Pyrazole-3-carboxylic acid, 4,5-dihydro-3-methyl-5-oxo-1-phenyl-, ethyl ester .........................................................
1H-Pyrazole-3-carboxylic acid, 4,5-dihydro-5-oxo-1-(4-sulfonyl)- ......................................................................................
3H-Pyrazol-3-one, 2-chlorophenyl)-2,4-dihydro-5-methyl- ..................................................................................................
3H-Pyrazol-3-one, 2,4-dihydro-2-[-4-[(2-hydroxyethyl)sulfonyl], phenyl]-5-methyl- .........................................................
3H-Pyrazol-3-one, 2,4-dihydro-5-methyl-2-(4-methylphenyl)- ............................................................................................
3H-Pyrazol-3-one, 2,4-dihydro-5-methyl-2-phenyl- ..............................................................................................................
3-Pyridinecarboxamide, 1-ethyl-1,2-dihydro-6-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxo- ..........................................................................
2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-Pyrimidinetrione ..........................................................................................................................................
2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-Pyrimidinetrione,monosodium salt ...........................................................................................................
8-Quinolinol ................................................................................................................................................................................
Spiro[isobenzofuran-1(3H),9'-[9H]-xanthen]-3-one,3',6'-bis(ethylamino)-2',7'-dimethyl- ................................................
2-Thiazolamine ..........................................................................................................................................................................
Thiourea .....................................................................................................................................................................................
1,3,5-Triazine, 2,4,6,(1H,3H,5H)-trione, 1,3,5-trichloro- .....................................................................................................
1,3,5,-Trioxane, 2,4,6-trimethyl- ..............................................................................................................................................
Urea, (3-Amino Phenyl)- ..........................................................................................................................................................
Urea, (3-aminophenyl)-, monohydrochloride..........................................................................................................................

1131-18-6
89-33-8
118-47-8
14580-22-4
21951-34-8
86-92-0
89-25-8
29097-12-9
67-52-7
4390-16-3
148-24-3
41382-37-0
96-50-4
62-56-6
87-90-1
123-63-7
25711-72-2
59690-88-9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

STATISTICAL ANNEXES

Annex A --

Schedule C, Classification of Country and Territory Designations for U.S. Import Statistics

Annex B --

International Standard Country Codes

Annex C --

Schedule D, Customs District and Port Codes

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

ANNEX A

Schedule C - Classification of Country and Territory Designations for U.S. Foreign Trade
Statistics

Schedule C contains the country and territory designations for use in compiling the U.S. export
and import statistics. These designations should be shown in all cases where statistical
information is required.The first part of this schedule contains the country designations arranged
in numeric order by continent and listed in sequence within each continent generally from north
to south and west to east. Abbreviated country designations, which are used in lieu of complete
country names in some foreign trade reports, are also shown. The second part contains a listing
in alphabetical arrangement of the countries, territories, etc., with their numeric codes. The
names of the entities listed are generally the conventional spellings as approved by the U.S.
Board on Geographic Names.

Revisions to Schedule C will be announced in the form of "special notices" to data users, as
Public Bulletins to Schedule B, Statistical Classification of Domestic and Foreign Commodities
Exported from the United States, and as supplements to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of
the United States Annotated for statistical purposes (HTS). HTS also includes a list of
International Standard (ISO) Country Codes to be used by importers to report country of origin.

A - 2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Schedule
C code

Country and territory designation

Abbreviated
designation

NORTH AMERICA

United States of America..................................................................................................................
Greenland...........................................................................................................................................
Canada................................................................................................................................................
St. Pierre and Miquelon.....................................................................................................................
Mexico.................................................................................................................................................

Includes Isla de Cozumel and Islas Revillagigedo.

Guatemala..........................................................................................................................................
Belize...................................................................................................................................................
El Salvador.........................................................................................................................................
Honduras............................................................................................................................................

Includes Islas de la Bahia and the Swan Islands.

Nicaragua...........................................................................................................................................
Costa Rica..........................................................................................................................................
Panama...............................................................................................................................................
Bermuda.............................................................................................................................................
Bahamas.............................................................................................................................................
Includes Grand Bahama, Great Abaco, Harbour Island, Eleuthera New Providence, Andros,
Great Exuma, Long Island Great Inagua, and associated small islands.

USA
Greenld
Canada
SP Mqel
Mexico

Guatmal
Belize
Salvadr
Hondura

Nicarag
C Rica
Panama
Bermuda
Bahamas

Cuba....................................................................................................................................................

Cuba

Includes Isla de Pinos.

Jamaica...............................................................................................................................................

Jamaica

Includes Morant Cays and Pedro Cays.

Turks and Caicos Islands.................................................................................................................
Cayman Islands.................................................................................................................................
Haiti.....................................................................................................................................................

Turk Is
Cayman
Haiti

Includes Ile de la Gonave and Tortuga Island.

Dominican Republic...........................................................................................................................
Anguilla...............................................................................................................................................

Dom Rep
Anglla

Includes Sombrero Island.

British Virgin Islands..........................................................................................................................

B Virgn

Includes Anegada, Jost Van Dyke, Tortola, and Virgin Gorda Islands.

St. Kitts and Nevis.............................................................................................................................
Antigua and Barbuda........................................................................................................................

St. K N
Antigua

Includes Redonda Islands.

Montserrat..........................................................................................................................................
Dominica.............................................................................................................................................
St. Lucia..............................................................................................................................................
St. Vincent and the Grenadines.......................................................................................................

Monsrat
Dominca
S Lucia
S Vn Gr

Excluding the Southern Grenadines.

Grenada..............................................................................................................................................

Grenada

Includes Southern Grenadines Islands.

Barbados............................................................................................................................................
Trinidad and Tobago.........................................................................................................................
Sint Maarten.......................................................................................................................................
Curaçao...............................................................................................................................................
Aruba ..................................................................................................................................................
Guadeloupe........................................................................................................................................

Barbado
Trinid
Sint Maarten
Curaçao
Aruba
Guadlpe

100.0
101.0
122.0
161.0
201.0

205.0
208.0
211.0
215.0

219.0
223.0
225.0
232.0
236.0

239.0

241.0

243.0
244.0
245.0

247.0
248.1

248.2

248.3
248.4

248.5
248.6
248.7
248.8

248.9

272.0
274.0
277.4
277.7
277.9
283.1

A - 3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Schedule
C code

Country and territory designation

Abbreviated
designation

Includes Grande-Terre, Basse-Terre, Iles des Saintes, Iles de la Petite-Terre, La Desirade,
Ile Saint-Barthelemy, Marie-Galante, and Northern St. Martin.

283.9

Martinique...........................................................................................................................................

Martinq

SOUTH AMERICA

Colombia.............................................................................................................................................
Venezuela...........................................................................................................................................
Guyana................................................................................................................................................
Suriname.............................................................................................................................................
French Guiana....................................................................................................................................
Ecuador...............................................................................................................................................

Includes the Galapagos Islands.

Peru.....................................................................................................................................................
Bolivia..................................................................................................................................................
Chile....................................................................................................................................................
Includes Isla Sala y Gomez, Islas San Felix, Islas San Ambrosio, Islas Juan Fernandez,
and Easter Island.

Brazil...................................................................................................................................................
Includes Penedos de Sao Pedro e Sao Paulo, Fernando di Noronha, and the Ilha da
Trinidade (in South Atlantic).

Paraguay.............................................................................................................................................
Uruguay...............................................................................................................................................
Argentina.............................................................................................................................................
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas).....................................................................................................
Includes Falkland Islands and the South Georgia, South Orkney, South Shetland, and
South Sandwich Islands.

Colomb
Venez
Guyana
Surinam
F Guian
Ecuador

Peru
Bolivia
Chile

Brazil

Paragua
Uruguay
Argent
Falk Is

EUROPE

Iceland.................................................................................................................................................
Sweden...............................................................................................................................................

Includes the Islands of Oland and Gotland (Gothland).

Svalbard and Jan Mayen..................................................................................................................
Norway................................................................................................................................................
Finland................................................................................................................................................

Iceland
Sweden

Sv Jm Is
Norway
Finland

Includes the Aland Islands.

Faroe Islands......................................................................................................................................
Denmark, except Greenland.............................................................................................................

Faroe
Denmark

Includes the island of Bornholm

United Kingdom ................................................................................................................................
Includes England, Wales, the Channel Islands, the Isles of Wight and Man, and the Scilly
Islands; Scotland, the Hebrides, Orkney and Shetland Islands; and Northern Ireland.
Ireland.................................................................................................................................................

Excludes Northern Ireland.

Netherlands........................................................................................................................................

Includes Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba.

Belgium...............................................................................................................................................
Luxembourg........................................................................................................................................
Andorra...............................................................................................................................................

U King

Ireland

Nethlds
null
Belgium
Luxmbrg
Andorra

301.0
307.0
312.0
315.0
317.0
331.0

333.0
335.0
337.0

351.0

353.0
355.0
357.0
372.0

400.0
401.0

403.1
403.9
405.0

409.1
409.9

412.0

419.0

421.0
null
423.1
423.9
427.1

A - 4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Schedule
C code

Country and territory designation

Abbreviated
designation

427.2
427.9

428.0

433.0
435.1
435.9
437.0
441.1
441.9
447.0
449.0
451.0
455.0
462.1

462.2
462.3
463.1
463.2
463.3
463.4
463.5
464.1
464.2
464.3
464.4
470.0

471.0

472.0
473.0
475.1
475.2
475.9

479.1
479.2
479.3
479.4
480.1
480.3
480.4
481.0
484.0

Monaco...............................................................................................................................................
France.................................................................................................................................................

Monaco
France

Includes Corsica.

Federal Republic of Germany..........................................................................................................

FR Germ

Includes the former German Democratic Republic (East Germany) and Berlin.

Austria.................................................................................................................................................
Czech Republic..................................................................................................................................
Slovakia..............................................................................................................................................
Hungary...............................................................................................................................................
Liechtenstein......................................................................................................................................
Switzerland.........................................................................................................................................
Estonia................................................................................................................................................
Latvia...................................................................................................................................................
Lithuania.............................................................................................................................................
Poland.................................................................................................................................................
Russia ................................................................................................................................................

Includes the Sakhalin and Kuril Islands.

Belarus................................................................................................................................................
Ukraine................................................................................................................................................
Armenia...............................................................................................................................................
Azerbaijan...........................................................................................................................................
Georgia...............................................................................................................................................
Kazakhstan.........................................................................................................................................
Kyrgyzstan..........................................................................................................................................
Moldova, Republic of.........................................................................................................................
Tajikistan............................................................................................................................................
Turkmenistan.....................................................................................................................................
Uzbekistan..........................................................................................................................................
Spain...................................................................................................................................................
Includes the Balearic and Canary Islands, Ceuta, Melilla, Islas Chafarinas, Penon de
Alhucemas and Penon de Velez de la Gomera.

Austria
Czech
Slovak
Hungary
Lichten
Switzld
Estonia
Latvia
Lithuan
Poland
Russia

Belar
Ukraine
Armenia
Azerbjn
Georgia
Kazakhs
Kyrgyzs
Moldova
Tajikis
Turkmen
Uzbekis
Spain

Portugal...............................................................................................................................................

Portugl

Includes the Azores and Madeira Islands.

Gibraltar..............................................................................................................................................
Malta ...................................................................................................................................................
San Marino.........................................................................................................................................
Vatican City (Holy See) ....................................................................................................................
Italy......................................................................................................................................................

Includes the islands of Sicily, Sardinia, Elba, Pantelleria, and Lampedusa.

Croatia.................................................................................................................................................
Slovenia..............................................................................................................................................
Bosnia-Hercegovina..........................................................................................................................
Macedonia, North..............................................................................................................................
Serbia..................................................................................................................................................
Kosovo................................................................................................................................................
Montenegro........................................................................................................................................
Albania................................................................................................................................................
Greece.................................................................................................................................................
Includes Crete, the Ionian Islands, and the Grecian Archipelago, with the Aegean Islands
of Limnos, Samothraki, Khios, Samos, Lesvos, and the Dodecanese, including Rhodes
Island.

Gibralt
Malta
San Mar
Vat Cty
Italy

Croatia
Slvenia
Bosnia
Macedon
Serbia
Kosovo
Montene
Albania
Greece

485.0
487.0

Romania..............................................................................................................................................
Bulgaria...............................................................................................................................................

Romania
Bulgar

A - 5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Schedule
C code

Country and territory designation

Abbreviated
designation

489.0
491.0

Turkiye................................................................................................................................................
Cyprus.................................................................................................................................................

Turkiye
Cyprus

ASIA

Syria (Syrian Arab Republic)............................................................................................................
Lebanon..............................................................................................................................................
Iraq......................................................................................................................................................
Iran.......................................................................................................................................................
Israel....................................................................................................................................................
Gaza Strip...........................................................................................................................................
West Bank..........................................................................................................................................
Jordan.................................................................................................................................................
Kuwait.................................................................................................................................................
Saudia Arabia.....................................................................................................................................
Qatar...................................................................................................................................................
United Arab Emirates........................................................................................................................
Yemen (Republic of Yemen)............................................................................................................
Includes the former Yemen Arab Republic, the former People's Democratic Republic of
Yemen, and the Islands of Kamaran, Perm and Socotra.

Oman...................................................................................................................................................
Bahrain................................................................................................................................................
Afghanistan.........................................................................................................................................
India.....................................................................................................................................................

Includes the Andaman, Nicobar, and Laccadive Islands.

Pakistan..............................................................................................................................................
Nepal...................................................................................................................................................
Bangladesh.........................................................................................................................................
Sri Lanka ............................................................................................................................................
Burma (Myanmar)..............................................................................................................................
Thailand..............................................................................................................................................
Vietnam...............................................................................................................................................
Laos (Lao People's Democratic Republic) ....................................................................................
Cambodia...........................................................................................................................................
Malaysia..............................................................................................................................................

Includes the former Federation of Malaya, Sarawak, and Sabah.

Singapore...........................................................................................................................................
Indonesia............................................................................................................................................

Includes the former Portuguese Timor.

Timor-Leste........................................................................................................................................
Brunei..................................................................................................................................................
Philippines..........................................................................................................................................
Macao.................................................................................................................................................
Bhutan.................................................................................................................................................
Maldives .............................................................................................................................................
China...................................................................................................................................................
Mongolia.............................................................................................................................................
North Korea (Democratic People’s Republic of Korea).................................................................
South Korea (Republic of Korea) ....................................................................................................
Hong Kong..........................................................................................................................................
Taiwan.................................................................................................................................................

Syria
Lebanon
Iraq
Iran
Israel
Gaza
Westbnk
Jordan
Kuwait
S Arab
Qatar
Arab EM
Yemen

Oman
Bahrain
Afghan
India

Pakistn
Nepal
Bngldsh
Sri Lka
Burma
Thailand
Vietnam
Laos
Cambod
Malaysa

Singapr
Indnsia

E. Timor
Brunei
Phil R
Macau
Bhutan
Maldive
China
Mongola
No Kor
Kor Rep
Hg Kong
Taiwan

502.0
504.0
505.0
507.0
508.1
508.2
508.3
511.0
513.0
517.0
518.0
520.0
521.0

523.0
525.0
531.0
533.0

535.0
536.0
538.0
542.0
546.0
549.0
552.0
553.0
555.0
557.0

559.0
560.0

560.1
561.0
565.0
566.0
568.2
568.3
570.0
574.0
579.0
580.0
582.0
583.0

A - 6

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Schedule
C code

588.0

Country and territory designation

Abbreviated
designation

Includes Pescadores.

Japan..................................................................................................................................................
Includes the four main islands of Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku, and Hokkaido and islands
adjacent thereto; the Ryukyus (including Okinawa, Sakishima, and all other Ryukyu islands),
and the following islands: Nansei-Shoto, Nampo-Shoto, Bonin, Nishinoshima (Rosario),
Volcano, Daito-Jima, Okino-Tori-Shima (Parece Vela), and Minami-Tori-Shima (Marcus).

Japan

AUSTRALIA and OCEANIA

602.1

602.2
602.3
602.4
602.9
604.0

Australia..............................................................................................................................................
Includes Tasmania, Lord Howe Island, Macquarie Island, Ashmore and Cartier Islands.
Norfolk Island.....................................................................................................................................
Cocos (Keeling) Islands....................................................................................................................
Christmas Island (in the Indian Ocean)...........................................................................................
Heard Island and McDonald Islands...............................................................................................
Papua New Guinea...........................................................................................................................
Includes eastern New Guinea, the Bismarck, and Louisiade Archipelagos, d'Entrecasteaux,
Northern Solomon (Bougainville, Buka, etc.), and the islands of New Britain, New Ireland,
and associated small islands.

Austral

Norfolk
Cocos I
Crist I
Heard I
New Gui

614.1

New Zealand......................................................................................................................................

N Zeal

Includes Antipodes, Auckland, Bounty, Campbell, Kermadec,
Chatham, Three Kings, and Snares Islands, and associated
small islands.

Cook Islands.......................................................................................................................................
Tokelau ..............................................................................................................................................
Niue.....................................................................................................................................................
Western Samoa.................................................................................................................................
Solomon Islands.................................................................................................................................
Includes southern Solomon Islands, primarily Guadalcanal, Malaita, San Cristobal, Santa
Isabel, and Choiseul.

Vanuatu...............................................................................................................................................
Pitcairn Island.....................................................................................................................................
Kiribati.................................................................................................................................................
Includes Gilbert Islands, Banaba (Ocean Island), the Phoenix Islands, including Canton
and Enderbury Islands, and Washington, Fanning, Christmas, Malden, Starbuck, Caroline,
Vostok, and Flint in the Line Islands.

Cook Is
Tokelau
Niue
W Samoa
Solmn I

Vanuatu
Pitcarn
Kiribat

Tuvalu.................................................................................................................................................

Tuvalu

Includes the former Ellice Islands.

New Caledonia...................................................................................................................................

N Caldn

Includes the Loyalty Islands, Isle of Pines, and Walpole Island.

Wallis and Futuna..............................................................................................................................
French Polynesia...............................................................................................................................
Includes the Society Islands, Tuamotu and Gambier, Marguesas Islands, the Iles Australes,
and Clipperton Island.

Marshall Islands.................................................................................................................................
Federated States of Micronesia.......................................................................................................
Palau...................................................................................................................................................
Nauru...................................................................................................................................................
Fiji........................................................................................................................................................
Tonga..................................................................................................................................................

Wallis
FR Poly

Marshal
Microns
Palau
Nauru
Fiji
Tonga

614.2
614.3
614.4
615.0
622.3

622.4
622.5
622.6

622.7

641.2

641.3
641.4

681.0
682.0
683.0
686.2
686.3
686.4

A - 7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Schedule
C code

Country and territory designation

Abbreviated
designation

AFRICA

Morocco..............................................................................................................................................

Moroc

Includes Ifni.

Algeria.................................................................................................................................................
Tunisia.................................................................................................................................................
Libya ...................................................................................................................................................
Egypt...................................................................................................................................................
Sudan..................................................................................................................................................
South Sudan.......................................................................................................................................
Equatorial Guinea..............................................................................................................................
Includes Rio Muni, Macias Nguema Biyogo (Fernando Po), Pagalu (Annobon), Corisco,
and Elobey Islands.

Mauritania...........................................................................................................................................
Cameroon...........................................................................................................................................
Senegal...............................................................................................................................................
Mali......................................................................................................................................................
Guinea.................................................................................................................................................
Sierra Leone.......................................................................................................................................
Cote d' Ivoire......................................................................................................................................
Ghana..................................................................................................................................................
Gambia................................................................................................................................................
Niger....................................................................................................................................................
Togo....................................................................................................................................................
Nigeria.................................................................................................................................................
Central African Republic...................................................................................................................
Gabon..................................................................................................................................................
Chad....................................................................................................................................................
Saint Helena ......................................................................................................................................
Includes the islands of Ascension, Gough, Inaccessible, Nightingale, and Tristanda Cunha.
Burkina Faso......................................................................................................................................
Benin...................................................................................................................................................
Angola.................................................................................................................................................

Includes Cabinda.

Congo, Republic of the Congo.........................................................................................................
Guinea-Bissau....................................................................................................................................
Cabo Verde ........................................................................................................................................
Sao Tome and Principe....................................................................................................................
Liberia.................................................................................................................................................
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Formerly Zaire) ................................................
Burundi................................................................................................................................................
Rwanda...............................................................................................................................................
Somalia...............................................................................................................................................
Eritrea..................................................................................................................................................
Ethiopia...............................................................................................................................................
Djibouti................................................................................................................................................
Uganda................................................................................................................................................
Kenya..................................................................................................................................................

Algeria
Tunisia
Libya
Egypt
Sudan
S Sudan
Eq Guin

Mauritn
Camroon
Senegal
Mali
Guinea
Sier Ln
IvyCst
Ghana
Gambia
Niger
Togo
Nigeria
C Af Rp
Gabon
Chad
S Heln

Burkina
Benin
Angola

Congo B
G Bisau
C Verde
Sao T P
Liberia
Co kins
Burundi
Rwanda
Somalia
Eritrea
Ethiop
Djibuti
Uganda
Kenya

714.0

721.0
723.0
725.0
729.0
732.1
732.3
738.0

741.0
742.0
744.0
745.0
746.0
747.0
748.0
749.0
750.0
751.0
752.0
753.0
754.0
755.0
756.0
758.0

760.0
761.0
762.0

763.0
764.2
764.3
764.4
765.0
766.0
767.0
769.0
770.0
774.1
774.9
777.0
778.0
779.0

A - 8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Schedule
C code

Country and territory designation

Abbreviated
designation

780.0

781.0

783.0
785.0

787.0
788.0
788.1
789.0
790.4
790.5
791.0
792.0
793.0
794.0
795.0
796.0
797.0
799.0

903.0
911.0
935.0
951.0

961.0
980.0

Seychelles...........................................................................................................................................
Includes Aldabra Islands, Alphonse, Bijoutier, and St. Francois Islands, Amirante Isles,
Cosmoledo Group, Farquhar Group, Ile Desroches, and St. Pierre Island.

Seychel

British Indian Ocean Territory..........................................................................................................

B Ind O

Includes the Chagos Archipelago and Diego Garcia Island.

Tanzania, United Republic of Tanzania..........................................................................................
Mauritius.............................................................................................................................................

Tnzania
Maurit

Includes Rodriques Island, Agalega Islands, and Cargados Caragos Shoals.

Mozambique.......................................................................................................................................
Madagascar........................................................................................................................................
Mayotte...............................................................................................................................................
Comoros..............................................................................................................................................
Reunion...............................................................................................................................................
French Southern and Antarctic Lands.............................................................................................
South Africa........................................................................................................................................
Namibia...............................................................................................................................................
Botswana............................................................................................................................................
Zambia................................................................................................................................................
Eswatini...............................................................................................................................................
Zimbabwe...........................................................................................................................................
Malawi.................................................................................................................................................
Lesotho...............................................................................................................................................

PUERTO RICO AND UNITED STATES POSSESSIONS

Puerto Rico.........................................................................................................................................
Virgin Islands of the United States...................................................................................................
Guam...................................................................................................................................................
American Samoa...............................................................................................................................

Including Tutuila Island and dependencies.

Northern Mariana Islands.................................................................................................................
United States Minor Outlying Islands..............................................................................................
Includes Baker Island, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef,
Midway Islands, Navassa Island, Palmyra Atoll, and Wake Island.

Mozambq
Madagas
Mayotte
Comoros
Reunion
F So Ant
Rep SAF
Namibia
Botswan
Zambia
Swazland
Zmbabwe
Malawi
Lesotho

P Rico
Virg Is
Guam
Am Sam

N Mar I
US O IS

A - 9

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

ANNEX B

Listing of International Standard Country Codes (ISO)

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Country and Territory Designation

ISO Code

Country and Territory Designation

ISO Code

Afghanistan.........................................................
Albania.................................................................
Algeria..................................................................
Andorra................................................................
Angola..................................................................
Anguilla................................................................
Antigua and Barbuda.........................................
Argentina.............................................................
Armenia...............................................................
Aruba...................................................................
Australia..............................................................
Austria.................................................................
Azerbaijan...........................................................

Bahamas.............................................................
Bahrain................................................................
Bangladesh.........................................................
Barbados.............................................................
Belarus.................................................................
Belgium................................................................
Belize...................................................................
Benin....................................................................
Bermuda..............................................................
Bhutan.................................................................
Bolivia .................................................................
Bosnia and Herzegovina...................................
Botswana.............................................................
Brazil....................................................................
British Indian Ocean Territory (the)..................
British Virgin Islands..........................................
Brunei..................................................................
Bulgaria...............................................................
Burkina................................................................
Burma (Myanmar)..............................................
Burundi ...............................................................

Cambodia............................................................
Cameroon............................................................
Canada................................................................
Cape Verde ........................................................
Caribbean Netherlands (includes Bonaire, Sint
Eustatius, and Saba).........................................
Cayman Islands..................................................
Central African Republic...................................
Chad....................................................................
Chile.....................................................................
China....................................................................
Christmas Island (in the Indian Ocean)...........
Cocos (Keeling) Islands ...................................
Colombia.............................................................
Comoros..............................................................
Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo
(formerly Zaire)...................................................

AF
AL
DZ
AD
AO
AI
AG
AR
AM
AW
AU
AT
AZ

BS
BH
BD
BB
BY
BE
BZ
BJ
BM
BT
BO
BA
BW
BR
IO
VG
BN
BG
BF
BU
BI

KH
CM
CA
CV

BQ
KY
CF
TD
CL
CN
CX
CC
CO
KM

CD

Congo, Republic of the Congo..........................
Cook Islands.......................................................
Costa Rica...........................................................
Cote d'Ivoire .......................................................
Croatia.................................................................
Cuba....................................................................
Curaçao...............................................................
Cyprus.................................................................
Czech Republic, The.........................................

Denmark, except Greenland.............................
Djibouti.................................................................
Dominica.............................................................
Dominican Republic...........................................

Ecuador...............................................................
Egypt....................................................................
El Salvador..........................................................
Equatorial Guinea...............................................
Eritrea..................................................................
Estonia.................................................................
Eswatini...............................................................
Ethiopia................................................................

Falkland Islands (Malvinas Islas).....................
Faroe Islands......................................................
Fiji.........................................................................
Finland.................................................................
France..................................................................
French Guiana....................................................
French Polynesia................................................
French Southern and Antarctic Lands ............

Gabon..................................................................
Gambia (The) .....................................................
Gaza Strip ..........................................................
Georgia................................................................
Germany..............................................................
Ghana..................................................................
Gibraltar...............................................................
Greece.................................................................
Greenland............................................................
Grenada...............................................................
Guadeloupe.........................................................
Guam...................................................................
Guatemala ..........................................................
Guinea.................................................................
Guinea-Bissau....................................................
Guyana................................................................

CG
CK
CR
CI
HR
CU
CW
CY
CZ

DK
DJ
DM
DO

EC
EG
SV
GQ
ER
EE
SZ
ET

FK
FO
FJ
FI
FR
GF
PF
TF

GA
GM
GZ
GE
DE
GH
GI
GR
GL
GD
GP
GU
GT
GN
GW
GY

B - 2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Country and Territory Designation

ISO Code

Country and Territory Designation

ISO Code

Haiti......................................................................
Heard Island and McDonald Islands................
Holy See (Vatican City)......................................
Honduras.............................................................
Hong Kong..........................................................
Hungary...............................................................

Iceland.................................................................
India.....................................................................
Indonesia.............................................................
Iran, Islamic Republic of ...................................
Iraq.......................................................................
Ireland..................................................................
Israel....................................................................
Italy ......................................................................

Jamaica...............................................................
Japan...................................................................
Jordan .................................................................

Kazakhstan.........................................................
Kenya...................................................................
Kiribati..................................................................
Kosovo ................................................................
Kuwait..................................................................
Kyrgyzstan..........................................................

Laos (Lao People’s Democratic Republic)......
Latvia...................................................................
Lebanon...............................................................
Lesotho................................................................
Liberia..................................................................
Libya....................................................................
Liechtenstein.......................................................
Lithuania..............................................................
Luxembourg........................................................

Macau..................................................................
Macedonia, North ..............................................
Madagascar .......................................................
Malawi.................................................................
Malaysia..............................................................
Maldives..............................................................
Mali......................................................................
Malta....................................................................
Marshall Islands.................................................
Martinique...........................................................
Mauritania...........................................................
Mauritius..............................................................
Mayotte................................................................

HT
HM
VA
HN
HK
HU

IS
IN
ID
IR
IQ
IE
IL
IT

JM
JP
JO

KZ
KE
KI
KV
KW
KG

LA
LV
LB
LS
LR
LY
LI
LT
LU

MO
MK
MG
MW
MY
MV
ML
MT
MH
MQ
MR
MU
YT

Mexico.................................................................
Micronesia (Federated States of) ....................
Moldova (Republic of Moldova) .......................
Monaco................................................................
Mongolia..............................................................
Montenegro.........................................................
Montserrat...........................................................
Morocco...............................................................
Mozambique.......................................................

Namibia...............................................................
Nauru...................................................................
Nepal...................................................................
Netherlands.........................................................
New Caledonia...................................................
New Zealand.......................................................
Nicaragua............................................................
Niger....................................................................
Nigeria.................................................................
Niue......................................................................
Norfolk Island......................................................
North Korea (Democratic People's Republic of
Korea)
Norway................................................................

MX
FM
MD
MC
MN
ME
MS
MA
MZ

NA
NR
NP
NL
NC
NZ
NI
NE
NG
NU
NF

KP
NO

Oman...................................................................

OM

Pakistan ..............................................................
Palau....................................................................
Panama...............................................................
Papua New Guinea............................................
Paraguay.............................................................
Peru......................................................................
Philippines...........................................................
Pitcairn Islands ..................................................
Poland..................................................................
Portugal...............................................................
Puerto Rico.........................................................

PK
PW
PA
PG
PY
PE
PH
PN
PL
PT
PR

Qatar....................................................................

QA

Reunion...............................................................
Romania..............................................................
Russia..................................................................
Rwanda ..............................................................

Saint Barthelemy................................................
Saint Helena ......................................................
Saint Kitts and Nevis..........................................

RE
RO
RU
RW

BL
SH
KN

B - 3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Country and Territory Designation

ISO Code

Country and Territory Designation

ISO Code

Saint Lucia..........................................................
Saint Pierre and Miquelon.................................
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines....................
Samoa.................................................................
San Marino..........................................................
Sao Tome and Principe.....................................
Saudi Arabia.......................................................
Senegal...............................................................
Serbia .................................................................
Seychelles...........................................................
Sierra Leone.......................................................
Singapore............................................................
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)..................................
Slovakia...............................................................
Slovenia...............................................................
Solomon Islands.................................................
Somalia................................................................
South Africa........................................................
South Korea (Republic of Korea).....................
Sudan (the).........................................................
South Sudan.......................................................
Spain....................................................................
Sri Lanka.............................................................
Sudan..................................................................
Suriname.............................................................
Svalbard and Jan Mayen..................................
Sweden................................................................
Switzerland.........................................................
Syrian Arab Republic.........................................

Taiwan.................................................................
Tajikistan.............................................................
Tanzania (United Republic of) .........................
Thailand...............................................................
Timor-Leste.........................................................
Togo.....................................................................

LC
PM
VC
WS
SM
ST
SA
SN
RS
SC
SL
SG
SX
SK
SI
SB
SO
ZA
KR
SD
SS
ES
LK
SD
SR
SJ
SE
CH
SY

TW
TJ
TZ
TH
TL
TG

Tokelau................................................................
Tonga...................................................................
Trinidad and Tobago.........................................
Tunisia.................................................................
Turkiye.................................................................
Turkmenistan......................................................
Turks and Caicos Islands..................................
Tuvalu..................................................................

Uganda................................................................
Ukraine................................................................
United Arab Emirates.........................................
United Kingdom..................................................
United States......................................................
United States Minor Outlying Islands..............
Uruguay...............................................................
Uzbekistan..........................................................

Vanuatu...............................................................
Venezuela............................................................
Viet Nam..............................................................
Virgin Islands (US) ............................................
Virgin Islands (British) .......................................

Wallis and Futuna Island...................................
West Bank ..........................................................
Yemen, Republic of............................................

Zambia.................................................................
Zimbabwe ...........................................................

TK
TO
TT
TN
TR
TM
TC
TV

UG
UA
AE
GB
US
UM
UY
UZ

VU
VE
VN
VI
VG

WF
WE
YE

ZM
ZW

B - 4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

ANNEX C

Schedule D - Classification of U.S. Customs Districts and Ports for U.S. Foreign Trade Statistics

Please see the U.S. Customs and Border Protection's website for the most current listing of
Code Numbers, Customs Districts and Ports. (See https://www.cbp.gov.)

Schedule D is included in the HTS for the convenience of the trading community. It lists U.S.
Customs and Border Protection districts, the ports included under each district, and the
corresponding numeric codes that must be reported for U.S. foreign trade statistics. Thus, this
Schedule contains a code for each official U.S. Customs district and port, with some additional
codes provided to meet specific compiling requirements of the foreign trade statistics program.
The headquarters port for each district is underlined.

Some Customs ports in this list show two codes. Exporters and importers may report either
code. The first part of this Schedule presents the Customs districts and ports arranged in
numerical order by code, while the second part lists the ports in alphabetical order.

Because there can be a time lag in reflecting in the HTS all updates to this Schedule, users
are encouraged to go to the CBP or Census web sites:

a.

b.

Go to www.cbp.gov or https://www.dhs.gov/locate-port-entry-air-land-sea to check
current information and seek assistance, including how to contact ports.

In addition, we note that revisions to Schedule D are announced in the form of "special
notices" to data users, as Public Bulletins to Schedule B, Statistical Classification of

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Domestic and Foreign Commodities Exported from the United States. See
https://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/schedules/d/distcode.html for current information.
To reflect the special notices, this statistical annex to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule
of the United States Annotated for Statistical Purposes will periodically be updated.

C - 2

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Code Number, Customs District and Port

Code Number, Customs District and Port

01. PORTLAND, MAINE

01. Portland, ME
02. Bangor, ME
03. Eastport, ME
04. Jackman, ME
05. Vanceboro, ME
06. Houlton, ME
07. Fort Fairfield, ME
08. Van Buren, ME
09. Madawaska, ME
10. Fort Kent, ME
11. Bath, ME
12. Bar Harbor,ME
15. Calais, ME
18. Limestone, ME
21. Rockland, ME
22. Jonesport, ME
27. Bridgewater, ME
31. Portsmouth, NH
52. Searsport, ME
82. Manchester User Fee Airport, NH

02. ST. ALBANS, VERMONT
01. St. Albans, VT
03. Richford, VT
06. Beecher Falls, VT
07. Burlington, VT
09. Derby Line, VT
11. Norton, VT
12. Highgate Springs/Alburg, VT

04. BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS

01. Boston, MA
02. Springfield, MA
03. Worcester, MA
04. Gloucester, MA
05. New Bedford, MA
06. Plymouth, MA
07. Fall River, MA
08. Salem, MA
10. Bridgeport, CT
11. Hartford, CT
12. New Haven, CT
13. New London, CT
16. Lawrence, MA
17. Logan Airport, MA

05. PROVIDENCE, RHODE ISLAND

01. Newport, RI
02. Providence , RI

07. OGDENSBURG, NEW YORK
01. Ogdensburg, NY
04. Massena, NY
06. Cape Vincent, NY
08. Alexandria Bay, NY
12. Champlain-Rouses Point, NY
14. Clayton, NY
15. Trout River, NY

09. BUFFALO, NEW YORK

01. Buffalo-Niagara Falls
03. Rochester, NY
04. Oswego, NY
05. Sodus Point, NY
06. Syracuse, NY
81. Binghamton Regional Airport, NY

10. NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK

01. New York, NY
02. Albany, NY

11. PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA

01. Philadelphia, PA
02. Chester, PA
03. Wilmington, DE
04. Pittsburgh, PA
06. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, PA
08. Philadelphia International Airport, PA
09. Harrisburg, PA
13. Gloucester City, NJ
19. Allentown, PA (Lehigh Valley International Airport),

PA

82. Atlantic City Regional Airport, NJ
83. Trenton/Mercer County Airport, NJ
95. UPS, Philadelphia, PA

13. BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
01. Annapolis, MD
02. Cambridge, MD
03. Baltimore, MD
04. Crisfield, MD
05. BWI International Airport, MD

14. NORFOLK, VIRGINIA

01. Norfolk-Newport News, VA
04. Richmond-Petersburg, VA
09. Charleston, WV
10. Front Royal, VA

C - 3

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Code Number, Customs District and Port

Code Number, Customs District and Port

12. New River Valley, VA

15. CHARLOTTE, NORTH CAROLINA

01. Wilmington, NC
02. Winston-Salem, NC
03. Raleigh, Durham, NC
11. Beaufort-Morehead City, NC

16. CHARLESTON, SOUTH CAROLINA

01. Charleston, SC
02. Georgetown, SC
03. Greenville-Spartanburg, SC
04. Columbia, SC
81. Myrtle Beach Intl. Airport, SC

17. SAVANNAH, GEORGIA

01. Brunswick , GA
03. Savannah, GA
04. Atlanta, GA

18. TAMPA, FLORIDA

01. Tampa, FL
03. Jacksonville, FL
05. Fernandina Beach, FL
07. Boca Grande, FL
08. Orlando, FL
09 Orlando-Sanford International Airport, FL
14. St. Petersburg, FL
16. Port Canaveral, FL
18. Panama City, FL
19. Pensacola, FL
21. Port Manatee, FL
22. Fort Myers Airport, FL
80. Naples Municipal User Fee Airport, FL
83. Sarasota-Bradenton International Airport, FL
84. Daytona Beach International Airport, FL
85. Melbourne Regional Airport, FL
87. Leesburg Regional Airport, Leesburg, FL
88. Orlando Executive Airport, FL

89. St. Augustine Airport, FL

19. MOBILE, ALABAMA

01. Mobile, AL
02. Gulfport, MS
03. Pascagoula, MS
04. Birmingham, AL
10. Huntsville, AL

20. NEW ORLEANS, LOUISIANA
01. Morgan City, LA
02. New Orleans, LA
03. Little Rock, AR, LA
04. Baton Rouge, LA
06. Memphis, TN
07. Nashville, TN
08. Chattanooga, TN
10. Gramercy, LA
11. Greenville, MS
15. Vicksburg, MS
16. Knoxville, TN
17. Lake Charles, LA
18. Shreveport-Bossier City, LA
27. Tri-Cities Airport, TN
95. FEDEX, Memphis, TN

21. PORT ARTHUR, TEXAS

01. Port Arthur, TX
02. Sabine, TX
03. Orange, TX
04. Beaumont, TX

23. LAREDO, TEXAS

01. Brownsville, TX
02. Del Rio, TX
03. Eagle Pass, TX
04. Laredo, TX
05. Hidalgo/Pharr, TX
07. Rio Grande City, TX
09. Progreso, TX
10. Roma, TX
83. Valley International Airport, Harlingen, TX

24. El PASO, TEXAS
01. Ysleta, TX
02. El Paso, TX
03. Presidio, TX
04. Marcelino Serna POE
06. Columbus, NM
07. Albuquerque, NM
08. Santa Teresa, NM
81. Santa Teresa Airport, NM

25. SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA
01. San Diego, CA
02. Andrade, CA
03. Calexico, CA
04. San Ysidro, CA
05. Tecate, CA
06. Otay Mesa Station

C - 4

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Code Number, Customs District and Port

Code Number, Customs District and Port

07. Calexico-East

26. NOGALES, ARIZONA

01. Douglas, AZ
02. Lukeville, AZ
03. Naco, AZ
04. Nogales, AZ
05. Phoenix, AZ
06. Sasabe, AZ
08. San Luis, AZ
09. Tucson, AZ

27. LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
04. Los Angeles, CA
09. Long Beach, CA
11. Segundo, CA
12. Ventura, CA
13. Port Hueneme, CA
15. Capitan, CA
19. Morro Bay, CA
20. Los Angeles International Airport, CA
21. Ontario International Airport, CA
22. Las Vegas, NV
70. DHL, Los Angeles, CA
75. TNT Express LAX, CA
76. IBC Pacific , CA
81. Palm Springsl User Fee, LAX, CA
82. San Bernadino International Airport, CA
86. Meadows Field Airport, CA
91. Los Angeles, CA
95. UPS, Ontario, CA

28. SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

01. San Francisco International Airport, CA
02. Eureka, CA
03. Fresno, CA
05. Monterey, CA
09. San Francisco, CA
10. Stockton, CA
11. Metropolitan Oakland International Airport, CA
12. Richmond, CA
15. Crockett, CA
20. Martinez, CA
21. Redwood City, CA
27. Selby, CA
28. San Juaquin River, CA
29. San Pablo Bay, CA
30. Carquinez Strait , CA
33. Reno, NV
34. San Jose International Airport, CA
35. Sacramento International Airport, CA
70. DHL Worldwide Express

71. Air Cargo Handling Services
95. FEDEX, Oakland, CA

29. COLUMBIA-SNAKE, OREGON

01. Astoria, OR
02. Newport, OR
03. Coos Bay, OR
04. Portland, OR
05. Longview, WA
07. Boise, ID
08. Vancouver, WA
09. Kalama, WA
10. Portland International Airport, OR

30. SEATTLE, WASHINGTON

01. Seattle, WA
02. Tacoma, WA
03. Aberdeen, WA
04. Blaine, WA
05. Bellingham, WA
06. Everett, WA
07. Port Angeles, WA
08. Port Townsend, WA
09. Sumas, WA
10. Anacortes, WA
11. Nighthawk, WA
12. Danville, WA
13. Ferry, WA
14. Friday Harbor, WA
15. Boundary, WA
16. Laurier, WA
17. Point Roberts, WA
18. Kenmore Air Harbor, WA
19. Oroville, WA
20. Frontier, WA
22. Spokane, WA
23. Kenneth G Ward POE
25. Metaline Falls, WA
26. Olympia, WA
29. Seattle-Tacoma Intl. Airport
32. Roche Harbor POE, WA
71. UPS, Seattle, WA
72. Avion Brokers @SEATAC, WA
73. DHL Worldwide Express, WA
74. Airborne Express @SEATAC, WA
82. Grant County Airport
95. UPS Courier HUB, Seattle, WA

40. SEATTLE, WASHINGTON
04. Peace Arch, WA

31. ANCHORAGE, ALASKA
01. Juneau, AK

C - 5

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Code Number, Customs District and Port

Code Number, Customs District and Port

02. Ketchikan, AK
03. Skagway, AK
04. Alcan, AK
05. Wrangell, AK
06. Dalton Cache, AK
11. Fairbanks, AK
15. Sitka, AK
26. Anchorage, AK
95. FEDEX, Anchorage, AK
96. UPS Courier Hub, Anchorage, AK

32. HONOLULU, HAWAII

01. Honolulu, HI
02. Hilo, HI
03. Kahului, HI
04. Nawiliwili-Port Allen, HI
05. Honolulu International Airport, HI
06. Kona, HI
79. FEDEX Corp Honolulu, HI
95. UPS, Honolulu, HI

33. GREAT FALLS, MONTANA
01. Raymond, MT
02. Eastport, ID
03. Salt Lake City, UT
04. Great Falls
05. Butte, MT
06. Turner, MT
07. Denver, CO
08. Porthill, ID
09. Scoby, MT
10. Sweetgrass, MT
16. Piegan, MT
17. Opheim, MT
18. Roosville, MT
19. Morgan, MT

21. Whitlash, MT
22. Del Bonita, MT
23. Wildhorse, MT
24. Kalispell Airport, MT
25. Willow Creek, Havre, MT
84. Arapahoe County Public Airport, CO
85. Eagle County Regional Airport
86. Bozeman Yellowstone User Fee Airport,Belgrade,

MT

34. PEMBINA, NORTH DAKOTA

01. Pembina, ND
03. Portal, ND
04. Neche, ND

05. St. John, ND
06. Northgate, ND
07. Walhalla, ND
08. Hannah, ND
09. Sarles, ND
10. Ambrose, ND
11. Fargo, ND
13. Antler, ND
14. Sherwood, ND
15. Hansboro, ND
16. Maida, ND
17. Fortuna, ND
19. Westhope, ND
20. Noonan, ND
21. Carbury, ND
22. Dunseith, ND
23. Warroad, MN
24. Baudette, MN
25. Pinecreek, MN
26. Roseau, MN
27. Grand Forks, ND
30. Lancaster, MN
33. Williston Airport, ND
34. Minot Airport

35. MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA

01. Minneapolis-St. Paul, MN
02. Sioux Falls, SD
10. Duluth, MN-Superior, WI
11. Ashland, WI
12. Omaha, NE
13. Des Moines, IA
81. Rochester User Fee Airport,Rochester, MN

36. DULUTH, MINNESOTA

04. International Falls, MN
13. Grand Portage, MN

37. MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN
01. Milwaukee, WI
02. Marinette, WI
03. Green Bay, WI
06. Manitowoc, WI
08. Racine, WI

38. DETROIT, MICHIGAN
01. Detroit, MI
02. Port Huron, MI
03. Sault Ste. Marie, MI
04. Saginaw-Bay City, MI
05. Battle Creek, MI

C - 6

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Code Number, Customs District and Port

Code Number, Customs District and Port

06. Grand Rapids, MI
07. Detroit Metropolitan Airport, Detroit, MI
08. Escanaba, MI
09. Marquette, MI
14. Algonac, MI
15. Muskegon, MI
16. Grand Haven, MI
18. Rogers City, MI
19. Detour, MI
42. Presque Isle, MI
43. Alpena, MI
81. Oakland County International Airport, MI
82. Willow Run Airport
83. Capitol Region International Airport

39. CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

01. Chicago, IL
02. Peoria, IL
05. Gary, IN
08. Davenport-Rock Island
09. Greater Rockford Airport
10. Chicago Midway Int'L Airport, IL

71. TNT Express Consignment, Chicago, IL
83. Chicago Executive Airport, IL

84. Dupage Airport, IL

40. SEATTLE, WASHINGTON
04. Peace Arch, WA

41. CLEVELAND, OHIO
01. Cleveland, OH
02. Cincinnati, OH
03. Columbus, OH
04. Dayton, OH
05. Toledo, OH
06. Erie, PA
10. Indianapolis, IN
15. Louisville, KY
16. Owensboro, OH
17. Huron, OH
21. Lorain, OH
22. Ashtabula/Conneaut, OH
83. Fort Wayne Airport, IN
84. Blue Grass Airport, Lexington, KY
96. UPS, Courier, KY
97. DHL, Cincinnati, OH

98. FEDEX, Indianapolis, IN

45. ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI
01. Kansas City, MO
02. St. Joseph, MO
03. St. Louis, MO
04. Wichita, KS
05. Springfield, MO
81. Midamerican Airport, Mascoutah, IL

46. Newark, New Jersey

01. Newark, NJ
02. Perth Amboy, NJ
70. UPS, Newark, NJ
71. FEDEX ECCF, Newark, NJ
81. Morristown Airport, NJ

47. Jamaica, New York

01. John F. Kennedy International Airport, NY
71. NYACC, Jamaica, NY
72. DHL Airways, Jamaica, NY
73. MICOM, Jamaica, NY
74. Air France (Mach Plus), Jamaica, NY
78. TNT Skypak, Jamaica, NY

49. SAN JUAN, PUERTO RICO
01. Aguadilla, PR
04. Fajardo, PR
07. Mayaguez, PR
08. Ponce, PR
09. San Juan, PR
13. San Juan International Airport, PR

51. VIRGIN ISLANDS OF THE UNITED STATES

01. Charlotte Amalie, VI
02. Cruz Bay, VI
04. Christiansted, VI
05. Frederiksted, VI

52. MIAMI, FLORIDA

01. Miami, FL
02. Key West, FL
03. Port Everglades, FL
04. West Palm Beach, FL
05. Fort Pierce, FL
06. Miami International Airport
10. Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport
95. UPS Courier Hub, Miami, FL
96. DHL Worldwide Express, Miami, FL

C - 7

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Code Number, Customs District and Port

Code Number, Customs District and Port

97. FEDEX, Courier Hub, Miami, FL
98. IBC Courier Hub, FL

53. HOUSTON-GALVESTON, TEXAS
01. Houston (Including Baytown)
06. Texas City, TX
09. Houston Intercontinental Airport, TX
10. Galveston, TX
11. Freeport, TX
12. Corpus Christi, TX
13. Port Lavaca-Point Comfort, TX
81.Sugar Land Reg, Sugar Land, TX

54. WASHINGTON, DC

01. Washington, DC
02. Alexandria, VA

55. DALLAS-FORT WORTH, TEXAS
01. Dallas-Fort Worth, TX

02. Amarillo, TX
03. Lubbock, TX
04. Oklahoma City, OK
05. Tulsa, OK
06. Austin, TX
07. San Antonio, TX
09. Wiley Post Airport, Bethany, OK
82. Midland International Airport, Midland, TX
83. Fort Worth Alliance Airport, TX
84. Addison Airport, Addison, TX
88. Dallas Love Field User Fee Airport, Dallas, TX

SPECIAL DISTRICTS

60. Vessels under their own power (imports and exports)

70. Low-valued imports and exports

80. Mail Shipments (Exports only)

C - 8

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Port

Schedule D
Code

Port

Schedule D
Code

Aberdeen, WA...............................
Addison Airport, Addison, TX......
Aguadilla, PR................................
Airborne Express, Seattle, WA....
Air Cargo Handling Services,

Inc.................................................
Air Cargo Handling Services,......
Air France .....................................
Albany, NY.....................................
Albuquerque, NM..........................
Alcan, AK.......................................
Alexandria, VA..............................
Alexandria Bay, NY......................
Algonac, MI...................................
Allentown, PA................................
Alpena, MI.....................................
Amarillo, TX...................................
Ambrose, ND.................................
Anacortes, WA..............................
Anchorage, AK..............................
Andrade, CA..................................
Annapolis, MD...............................
Antler, ND......................................
Arapahoe County Public

Airport..........................................
Ashland, WI...................................
Ashtabula/Conneaut, OH.............
Ashtabula, OH...............................
Astoria, OR....................................
Atlanta, GA....................................
Atlantic City Regional Airport,

NJ.................................................
Austin, TX......................................
Avion Brokers, Seattle, WA.........
Baltimore, MD...............................
Baltimore, Washington

International Airport....................
Bangor, ME....................................
Bar Harbor, ME.............................
Bath, ME........................................
Baton Rouge, LA...........................
Battle Creek, MI............................
Baudette, MN................................
Bayshore, MI.................................
Beaumont, TX...............................
Beecher Falls, VT.........................
Belle Chasse, LA..........................
Bellingham, WA............................
Benicia, CA....................................
Billingsport, NJ..............................
Binghamton Regional Airport,

N Y ................................................
Birmingham, AL............................

3003
5584
4901
3074

2773
2871
4774
1002
2407
3104
5402
0708
3814
1119
3843
5502
3410
3010
3126
2502
1301
3413

3384
3511
4122
4122
2901
1704

1182
5506
3072
1303

1305
0102
0112
0111
2004
3805
3424
3843
2104
0206
2002
3005
2830
1105

0981
1904

Black River, MI..............................
Blaine, WA.....................................
Blue Grass Airport, Lexington,

KY.................................................
Boca Grande, FL..........................
Boise, ID........................................
Boston, MA....................................
Boundary, WA...............................
Boston, MA....................................
Brewer, ME....................................
BridgePort, CT..............................
Bridgewater, ME...........................
Brownsville, TX.............................
Brunswick, GA..............................
Buffalo-Niagara Falls, NY............
Burlington, VT...............................
Butte, MT.......................................
Calais, ME.....................................
Calexico, CA..................................
Calexico East, CA.........................
Cambridge, MD.............................
Cape Vincent, NY.........................
Capitan, CA...................................
Carbury, ND..................................
Carquinez Strait, CA.....................
Champlain-Rouses Point, NY......
Charleston, SC..............................
Charleston, WV.............................
Charlotte Amalie, VI......................
Chattanooga, TN..........................
Chester, PA...................................
Chicago, IL....................................
Chicago Executive Airport, IL......
Chicago Midway Int'l Airport,

IL...................................................
Christiansted, VI...........................
Cincinnati, OH...............................
City - Beaufort, NC.......................
Clayton, NY...................................
Cleveland, OH...............................
Columbia, SC................................
Columbus, NM..............................
Columbus, OH...............................
Coos Bay, OR...............................
Corpus Christi, TX........................
Crisfield, MD..................................
Crockett, CA..................................
Cruz Bay, VI..................................
Dallas-Fort Worth, TX..................
Dallas Love Field User Fee

Airport, TX...................................
Dalton Cache, AK.........................
Danville, WA..................................

C - 9

3802
3004

4184
1807
2907
0401
3015
0401
0102
0410
0127
2301
1701
0901
0207
3305
0115
2503
2507
1302
0706
2715
3421
2830
0712
1601
1409
5101
2008
1102
3901
3983

3910
5104
4102
1511
0714
4101
1604
2406
4103
2903
5312
1304
2815
5102
5501

5588
3106
3012

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Port

Schedule D
Code

Port

Schedule D
Code

Davenport-Rock Island................
Daytona Beach International

Airport..........................................
Dayton, OH....................................
Delaware City, DE.........................
Del Bonita, MT..............................
Del Rio, TX....................................
Denver, CO....................................
Derby Line, VT..............................
Des Moines, IA..............................
Detour, MI......................................
Detroit, MI......................................
Detroit Metopolitan Airport, MI.....
Dhl, Cincinnati, OH.......................
DhL Airways, Jamaica, NY..........
DhL, Los Angeles, CA..................
Dhl, Worldwide Express...............
Dhl, Worldwide Express...............
Douglas, AZ...................................
Duluth, MN-Superior,WI..............
Dunseith, ND.................................
Durham, NC...................................
Eagle Pass, TX.............................
Eastport, ID....................................
Eastport, ME..................................
El Paso, TX....................................
Erie, PA..........................................
Escanaba, MI................................
Eureka, CA....................................
Everett, WA...................................
Fairbanks, AK...............................
Fajardo, PR...................................
Fall River, MA................................
Fargo, ND......................................
FEDEX, Anchorage, AK...............
FEDEX Corp Honolulu, HI ..........
FEDEX Courier Hub, FL...............
FEDEX, Oakland, CA ..................
FEDEX Newark, NJ......................
FEDEX, Indianapolis, IN .............
FEDEX, Jamaica, NY...................
FEDEX, Memphis, TN..................
FEDEX ECCF, Newark, NJ.........
Fernandina Beach, FL..................
Ferry, WA.......................................
Fort Fairfield, ME..........................
Fort Kent, ME................................
Ft. Lauderdale-Hollywood

International Airport, FL.............
Fort Myers Airport, FL..................
Fort Pierce, FL..............................
Fort Wayne Airport,IN..................
Fortuna, ND...................................

3908

1884
4104
1103
3322
2302
3307
0209
3513
3819
3801
3807
4197
4772
2770
2870
3073
2601
3510
3422
1503
2303
3302
0103
2402
4106
3808
2802
3006
3111
4904
0407
3411
3195
3279
5297
2895
4671
4198
4770
2095
4671
1805
3013
0107
0110

5210
1822
5205
4183
3417

Fortworth, Alliance Airport ..........
Frederiksted, VI............................
Freeport, TX..................................
Fresno, CA.....................................
Friday Harbor, WA........................
Frontier, WA..................................
Front Royal, VA.............................
Galveston, TX...............................
Gary, IN..........................................
Gloucester, MA.............................
Gloucester City, NJ......................
Gramercy, LA................................
Grand Forks, ND...........................
Grand Haven, MI..........................
Grand Portage, MN......................
Grand Rapids, MI.........................
Grant County Airport, WA............
Grays Harbor, WA........................
Great Falls, MT.............................
Greater Rockford Airport.............
Green Bay, WI...............................
Greenville, MS...............................
Greenville-Spartanburg, SC........
GulfPort, MS..................................
Hannah, ND...................................
Hansboro, ND...............................
Harrisburg, PA..............................
Hartford, CT..................................
Hidalgo/Pharr, TX.........................
Highgate Springs/Albany, VT......
Hilo, HI...........................................
Honolulu, HI...................................
Honolulu International Airport,

HI..................................................
Houlton, ME...................................
Houston Intercontinental Airport,
TX.................................................
Houston, TX..................................
Huntsville, AL................................
Huron, OH.....................................
IBC Courier Hub............................
IBC Pacific, Los Angeles, CA......
Indianapolis, IN.............................
International Falls, MN.................
Jackman, ME................................
Jacksonville, Fl..............................
John F. Kennedy International

Airport, NY...................................
Jonesport, ME...............................
Juneau, AK....................................
Kahului, HI.....................................
Kalama, WA..................................
Kalispell, MT..................................

C - 10

5583
5105
5311
2803
3014
3020
1410
5310
3905
0404
1113
2010
3427
3816
3613
3806
3082
3003
3304
3909
3703
2011
1603
1902
3408
3415
1109
0411
2305
0212
3202
3201

3205
0106

5309
5301
1910
4117
5298
2776
4110
3604
0104
1803

4701
0122
3101
3203
2909
3324

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Port

Schedule D
Code

Port

Schedule D
Code

Kansas City, MO...........................
Kenmore Air Harbor, WA.............
Kenneth G Ward POE .................
Ketchikan, AK...............................
Key West, FL.................................
Knoxville, TN.................................
Kona, HI.........................................
Lake Charles,LA...........................
Lancaster, MN...............................
Laredo, TX.....................................
Las Vegas, NV..............................
Laurier, WA...................................
Lawrence, MA...............................
Long Beach, CA............................
Longview, WA...............................
Lorain, OH.....................................
Los Angeles, CA...........................
Los Angeles, CA ..........................
Los Angeles International Airport,
C A ................................................
Louisville, KY.................................
Lubbock, TX..................................
Madawaska, ME...........................
Maida, ND......................................
Manchester Fee Airport, NH.......
Manitowoc, WI..............................
Marcelino Serna POE..................
Marquette, MI................................
Martinez, CA..................................
Massena, NY.................................
Mayaguez, PR...............................
Meadows Field Airport,

Baskersfield, CA.........................

Melbourne Regional Airport,

F L .................................................
Memphis, TN.................................
Metaline Falls, WA........................
Metropolitan Oakland

International Airport, CA ...........
Miami, FL.......................................
Miami International Airport, FL.....
MICOM, Jamaica, NY..................
Michigan City Harbor, IN.............
Midamerican Airport, Mascoutah,
IL...................................................

Midland International Airport,

Midland, TX.................................
Milwaukee, WI...............................
Minneapolis-St. Paul, MN............
Mobile, AL......................................
Morgan City, LA............................
Morgan, MT ..................................

4501
3018
3023
3102
5202
2016
3206
2017
3430
2304
2722
3016
0416
2709
2905
4121
2704
2791

2720
4115
5503
0109
3416
0182
3702
2404
3809
2820
0704
4907

2786

0503
2006
3025

2811
5201
5206
4773
3905

4581

5582
3701
3501
1901
2001
3319

Morristown Airport, Newark,

NJ.................................................
Morro Bay, CA...............................
Muskegon, MI...............................
Naco, AZ........................................
Nashville, TN.................................
Nawiliwili-Port Allen, HI................
Neche, ND.....................................
Newark, NJ....................................
New Bedford, MA.........................
New Haven, CT.............................
New London, CT...........................
New Orleans, LA...........................
Newport, OR.................................
Newport, RI...................................
New York, NY...............................
Nighthawk, WA.............................
Nogales, AZ...................................
Noonan, ND...................................
Norfolk- New Port News..............
Northgate, ND...............................
Norton, VT.....................................
NYACC, Jamaica, NY..................
Oakland County International

Airport, MI....................................
Ogdensburg, NY...........................
Oklahoma City, OK.......................
Olympia, WA.................................
Omaha, NE....................................
Ontario International Airport........
Opheim, MT..................................
Orange, TX....................................
Orlando, FL...................................
Orlando Executive Airport, FL......
Orlando-Sanford Airport, FL........
Oroville, WA..................................
Oswego, NY..................................
Otay Mesa Station, CA................
Owensboro, Ky.............................
Pascagoula, MS............................
Peace Arch, WA...........................
Pembina, ND.................................
Pensacola, FL...............................
Peoria, IL.......................................
Perth Amboy, NJ...........................
Philadelphia, PA............................
Philadelphia International

Airport..........................................
Phoenix, AZ...................................
Piegan, MT....................................
Pinecreek, MN..............................
Pittsburgh, PA...............................
Plymouth, MA................................

C - 11

4681
2719
3815
2603
2007
3204
3404
4601
0405
0412
0413
2002
2902
0501
1001
3011
2604
3420
1401
3406
0211
4771

3881
0701
5504
3026
3512
2721
3317
2103
1808
1888
1809
3019
0904
2506
4116
1903
4004
3401
1819
3902
4602
1101

1108
2605
3316
3425
1104
0406

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Port

Schedule D
Code

Port

Schedule D
Code

Point Roberts, WA........................
Point Wells, WA............................
Ponce, PR......................................
Portal, ND......................................
Port Allen, HI.................................
Port Angeles, WA.........................
Port Aransas, TX..........................
Port Arthur, TX..............................
Port Canaveral, FL.......................
Port Everglades, FL......................
Porthill, ID......................................
Port Hueneme, CA........................
Port Huron, MI...............................
Portland International Airport......
Portland, ME..................................
Port Lavaca-Point Comfort, TX....
Port Manatee, FL..........................
Portsmouth, NH............................
Port Tampa, FL.............................
Port Townsend, WA.....................
Presidio, TX...................................
Presque Isle, MI............................
Progresso, TX...............................
Providence, RI...............................
Racine, WI.....................................
Raymond, MT................................
Redwood City, CA........................
Revere, MA....................................
Richford, VT..................................
Richmond, CA...............................
Richmond-Petersburg, VA...........
Rio Grande City, TX.....................
Roche Harbor POE, WA .............
Rochester Airport, MN.................
Rockland, ME................................
Rogers City, MI.............................
Roma, TX.......................................
Roosville, MT................................
Roseau, MN..................................
Sabine, TX.....................................
Sacramento International Airport,
C A ................................................
Saginaw-Bay City-Flint, MI..........
St. Albans, VT...............................
St. Augustine Airport, FL .............
St. John, ND..................................
St. Joseph, MO.............................
St. Louis, MO................................
St. Paul, MN..................................
St. Petersburg, FL........................
Salem, MA.....................................
Salt Lake City, UT.........................
San Antonio, TX............................

3017
3001
4908
3403
3204
3007
5312
2101
1816
5203
3308
2713
3802
2910
0101
5313
1821
0131
1801
3008
2403
3842
2309
0502
3708
3301
2833
0401
0203
2812
1404
2307
3032
3581
0121
3818
2310
3318
3426
2102

2835
3804
0201
1889
3405
4502
4503
3501
1814
0408
3303
5507

San Bernadino International

Airport located in Los Angeles,
C A ................................................
San Diego, CA...............................
Sandy Point, ME...........................
San Francisco, CA........................
San Francisco International

Airport, CA...................................
San Joaquin River, CA.................
San Jose International Airport,

San Francisco, CA.....................

San Juan International Airport,

PR.................................................
San Juan, PR................................
San Luis, AZ..................................
San Pablo Bay, CA.......................
San Ysidro, CA.............................
Santa Teresa Airport, Dona Ana
County, NM.................................
Santa Teresa, NM........................
Sarasota-Bradenton Airport........
Sarles, ND.....................................
Sasabe, AZ....................................
Sault Ste. Marie, MI......................
Savannah, GA...............................
Scobey, MT...................................
Scranton, PA.................................
Searsport, ME...............................
Seattle-Tacoma International

Airport, WA..................................
Seattle, WA....................................
Selby, CA.......................................
Sherwood, ND...............................
Shreveport-Bossier City, LA........
Sioux Falls, SD..............................
Sitka, AK........................................
Skagway, AK.................................
Sodus Point, NY...........................
Spokane, WA................................
Springfield, MA.............................
Springfield, MO.............................
Stockton, CA.................................
Sumas, WA....................................
Superior, WI..................................
Sweetgrass, MT............................
Tacoma, WA.................................
Taconite, MN.................................
Tampa, FL.....................................
Tecate, CA.....................................
Texas City, TX...............................
TNT Express Worldwide,

LAX,CA........................................
TNT Skypak, Jamaica, NY..........

C - 12

2782
2501
0132
2809

2801
2828

2834

4913
4909
2608
2829
2504

2481
2408
1883
3409
2606
3803
1703
3309
1106
0152

3029
3001
2827
3414
2018
3502
3115
3103
0905
3022
0402
4505
2810
3009
3510
3310
3002
3614
1801
2505
5306

2775
4778

Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Revision 2 (2026)
Annotated for Statistical Reporting Purposes

Port

Schedule D
Code

Port

Schedule D
Code

Toledo, OH....................................
Trenton/Mercer County User Fee
Airport located Trenton, NJ.......
Trenton, MI....................................
Tri-Cities Airport, TN....................
Trout River, NY.............................
Tucson, AZ....................................
Tulsa, OK.......................................
Turner, MT.....................................
UPS, Courier Hub, Miami, FL......
UPS, Courier Hub, WA................
UPS, Anchorage, AK....................
UPS, Honolulu, HI.........................
UPS, HUB Phil., PA......................
UPS, Courier, KY..........................
UPS, Newark, NJ.........................
UPS, Ontario, CA.........................
UPS, Seattle, WA.........................
User Fee Atlantic City, Regional
Airport, NJ ..................................
Vallejo, CA.....................................
Van Buren, ME..............................
Vanceboro, ME.............................
Vancouver, WA.............................

4105

1183
3801
2027
0715
2609
5505
3306
5295
3095
3196
3295
1195
4196
4670
2795
3071

1182
2829
0108
0105
2908

Ventura, CA...................................
Vicksburg Airport .........................
Virgin Atlantic Cargo, LAX, CA....
Walhalla, ND.................................
Warroad, MN.................................
Washington, DC............................
West Palm Beach, FL..................
Westwego, LA...............................
Whitlash, MT.................................
Wichita, KS....................................
Wildhorse, MT...............................
Wiley Post Airport, Bethany, OK
......................................................
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, PA.........
Willow Run Airport, Ypsilanti, MI
......................................................
Wilmington, DE.............................
Wilmington, NC.............................
Winston-Salem, NC......................
Winterport, ME..............................
Worcester, MA..............................
Wrangell, AK.................................
Ysleta, TX .....................................

2712
2015
2774
3407
3423
5401
5204
2002
3321
4504
3323

5509
1106

3882
1103
1501
1502
0132
0403
3105
2401

C - 13

China Tariffs 

(Last Updated January 1, 2026) 

This list is a reference for the additional duties on products of China pursuant to section 301 of the 
Trade Act of 1974. For information on International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) duties 
on products of China, Hong Kong, or Macau, see U.S. notes 2(u) and 2(v) to subchapter III of chapter 
99 of the HTS. 

The table below lists the HTS subheadings in chapters 01 through 97 that are covered by the additional 
tariffs on products of China under section 301 and the applicable HTS heading in subchapter III of 
chapter 99 where the additional tariff is provided for. For additional information on these additional 
tariffs under section 301, please see U.S. notes 20 and 31 and the related headings and subheadings to 
subchapter III of chapter 99. 

For reference, heading 9903.88.01 became effective on July 6, 2018; heading 9903.88.02 became 
effective on August 23, 2018; heading 9903.88.03 became effective on September 24, 2018; heading 
9903.88.04 became effective on September 24, 2018; heading 9903.88.15 became effective on 
September 1, 2019; headings 9903.91.01, 9903.91.02, 9903.91.03, and 9903.92.10 became effective on 
September 27, 2024; headings 9903.91.05 and 9903.91.11 became effective on January 1, 2025; 
headings 9903.91.06, 9903.91.07, and 9903.91.08 became effective on January 1, 2026. Since heading 
9903.88.16 has been suspended pursuant to Federal Register notice of December 18, 2019 (84 FR 243), 
references to it have been removed from this list. Headings 9903.91.12 and 9903.91.14 covering ship-to-
shore cranes and other cargo handling equipment are suspended until November 10, 2026, and are not 
included in this list (see 90 Fed. Reg. 48320 and 90 Fed. Reg. 50947). 

Search for an 8-digit subheading of interest; if it appears on this list, products in that subheading are 
subject to an additional duty under section 301 if they are products of China. Any product exclusion that 
may be granted by the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) would be enumerated in U.S. note 20, 
subchapter III of chapter 99 and would be indicated by a superscript endnote attached to the end of the 
applicable 10-digit article description in chapters 01-97. This table is provided for reference only; users 
should also consult the HTS itself and the related Federal Register notices for the official list of covered 
products. 

Additional information may be obtained from USTR at (202) 395-5725, the section 301 hotline. U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection can be consulted for procedural matters or other questions at 
traderemedy@cbp.dhs.gov. You may also wish to seek an electronic ruling on classification or country of 
origin from Customs at erulings.cbp.gov. Customs determines all matters relating to tariff treatment of 
imported goods and their country of origin. 

Harmonized Tariff Schedule 8-digit Subheading 
Subject to Additional Duties under Section 301 
0101.21.00 
0101.29.00 
0101.30.00 
0101.90.30 
0101.90.40 

Applicable subchapter III, chapter 99 Heading 
for Additional Duties under Section 301 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0102.21.00 
0102.29.20 
0102.29.40 
0102.31.00 
0102.39.00 
0102.90.00 
0103.10.00 
0103.91.00 
0103.92.00 
0104.10.00 
0104.20.00 
0105.11.00 
0105.12.00 
0105.13.00 
0105.14.00 
0105.15.00 
0105.94.00 
0105.99.00 
0106.11.00 
0106.12.01 
0106.13.00 
0106.14.00 
0106.19.30 
0106.19.91 
0106.20.00 
0106.31.00 
0106.32.00 
0106.33.00 
0106.39.01 
0106.41.00 
0106.49.00 
0106.90.01 
0201.10.05 
0201.10.10 
0201.10.50 
0201.20.02 
0201.20.04 
0201.20.06 
0201.20.10 
0201.20.30 
0201.20.50 
0201.20.80 
0201.30.02 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0201.30.04 
0201.30.06 
0201.30.10 
0201.30.30 
0201.30.50 
0201.30.80 
0202.10.05 
0202.10.10 
0202.10.50 
0202.20.02 
0202.20.04 
0202.20.06 
0202.20.10 
0202.20.30 
0202.20.50 
0202.20.80 
0202.30.02 
0202.30.04 
0202.30.06 
0202.30.10 
0202.30.30 
0202.30.50 
0202.30.80 
0203.11.00 
0203.12.10 
0203.12.90 
0203.19.20 
0203.19.40 
0203.21.00 
0203.22.10 
0203.22.90 
0203.29.20 
0203.29.40 
0204.10.00 
0204.21.00 
0204.22.20 
0204.22.40 
0204.23.20 
0204.23.40 
0204.30.00 
0204.41.00 
0204.42.20 
0204.42.40 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0204.43.20 
0204.43.40 
0204.50.00 
0205.00.00 
0206.10.00 
0206.21.00 
0206.22.00 
0206.29.00 
0206.30.00 
0206.41.00 
0206.49.00 
0206.80.00 
0206.90.00 
0207.11.00 
0207.12.00 
0207.13.00 
0207.14.00 
0207.24.00 
0207.25.20 
0207.25.40 
0207.26.00 
0207.27.00 
0207.41.00 
0207.42.00 
0207.43.00 
0207.44.00 
0207.45.00 
0207.51.00 
0207.52.00 
0207.53.00 
0207.54.00 
0207.55.00 
0207.60.10 
0207.60.20 
0207.60.30 
0207.60.40 
0207.60.60 
0208.10.00 
0208.30.00 
0208.40.01 
0208.50.00 
0208.60.00 
0208.90.20 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 

0208.90.25 
0208.90.30 
0208.90.91 
0209.10.00 
0209.90.00 
0210.11.00 
0210.12.00 
0210.19.00 
0210.20.00 
0210.91.00 
0210.92.01 
0210.93.00 
0210.99.20 
0210.99.91 
0301.11.00 
0301.19.00 
0301.91.00 
0301.92.00 
0301.93.02 
0301.94.01 
0301.95.00 
0301.99.03 
0302.11.00 
0302.13.00 
0302.14.00 
0302.19.00 
0302.21.00 
0302.22.00 
0302.23.00 
0302.24.00 
0302.29.01 
0302.31.00 
0302.32.00 
0302.33.00 
0302.34.00 
0302.35.01 
0302.36.00 
0302.39.02 
0302.41.00 
0302.42.00 
0302.43.00 
0302.44.00 
0302.45.11 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0302.45.50 
0302.46.11 
0302.46.50 
0302.47.00 
0302.49.00 
0302.51.00 
0302.52.00 
0302.53.00 
0302.54.11 
0302.54.50 
0302.55.11 
0302.55.50 
0302.56.11 
0302.56.50 
0302.59.11 
0302.59.50 
0302.71.11 
0302.71.50 
0302.72.11 
0302.72.50 
0302.73.11 
0302.73.50 
0302.74.00 
0302.79.11 
0302.79.50 
0302.81.00 
0302.82.00 
0302.83.00 
0302.84.11 
0302.84.50 
0302.85.11 
0302.85.50 
0302.89.11 
0302.89.50 
0302.91.20 
0302.91.40 
0302.92.00 
0302.99.00 
0303.11.00 
0303.12.00 
0303.13.00 
0303.14.00 
0303.19.01 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0303.23.00 
0303.24.00 
0303.25.01 
0303.26.00 
0303.29.01 
0303.31.00 
0303.32.00 
0303.33.00 
0303.34.00 
0303.39.01 
0303.41.00 
0303.42.00 
0303.43.00 
0303.44.00 
0303.45.01 
0303.46.00 
0303.49.02 
0303.51.00 
0303.53.00 
0303.54.00 
0303.55.00 
0303.56.00 
0303.57.00 
0303.59.00 
0303.63.00 
0303.64.00 
0303.65.00 
0303.66.00 
0303.67.00 
0303.68.00 
0303.81.00 
0303.82.00 
0303.83.00 
0303.84.00 
0303.89.00 
0303.91.20 
0303.91.40 
0303.92.00 
0303.99.00 
0304.31.00 
0304.32.00 
0304.33.00 
0304.39.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0304.41.00 
0304.42.00 
0304.43.00 
0304.44.00 
0304.45.00 
0304.46.00 
0304.47.00 
0304.48.00 
0304.49.01 
0304.51.01 
0304.52.00 
0304.53.00 
0304.54.00 
0304.55.00 
0304.56.00 
0304.57.00 
0304.59.00 
0304.61.00 
0304.62.00 
0304.63.00 
0304.69.00 
0304.72.50 
0304.73.10 
0304.73.50 
0304.74.10 
0304.74.50 
0304.79.10 
0304.79.50 
0304.82.10 
0304.82.50 
0304.83.10 
0304.83.50 
0304.84.00 
0304.85.00 
0304.86.00 
0304.87.00 
0304.88.00 
0304.89.10 
0304.89.50 
0304.91.10 
0304.91.90 
0304.92.10 
0304.92.90 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0304.93.10 
0304.93.90 
0304.94.90 
0304.95.10 
0304.96.00 
0304.97.00 
0304.99.11 
0304.99.91 
0305.20.20 
0305.20.40 
0305.31.01 
0305.32.00 
0305.39.20 
0305.39.40 
0305.39.61 
0305.41.00 
0305.42.00 
0305.43.00 
0305.44.01 
0305.49.20 
0305.49.40 
0305.51.00 
0305.52.00 
0305.53.00 
0305.54.00 
0305.59.00 
0305.61.20 
0305.61.40 
0305.62.00 
0305.63.20 
0305.63.40 
0305.63.60 
0305.64.10 
0305.64.50 
0305.69.10 
0305.69.20 
0305.69.30 
0305.69.40 
0305.69.50 
0305.69.60 
0305.71.00 
0305.72.00 
0305.79.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0306.11.00 
0306.12.00 
0306.14.20 
0306.14.40 
0306.15.00 
0306.16.00 
0306.17.00 
0306.19.01 
0306.31.00 
0306.32.00 
0306.33.20 
0306.33.40 
0306.34.00 
0306.35.00 
0306.36.00 
0306.39.01 
0306.91.00 
0306.92.00 
0306.93.20 
0306.93.40 
0306.94.00 
0306.95.00 
0306.99.01 
0307.11.00 
0307.12.00 
0307.19.01 
0307.21.00 
0307.22.00 
0307.29.01 
0307.31.00 
0307.32.00 
0307.39.01 
0307.42.00 
0307.43.00 
0307.49.01 
0307.51.00 
0307.52.00 
0307.59.01 
0307.60.00 
0307.71.00 
0307.72.00 
0307.79.01 
0307.81.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0307.82.00 
0307.83.00 
0307.84.00 
0307.87.00 
0307.88.00 
0307.91.03 
0307.92.01 
0307.99.03 
0308.11.00 
0308.12.00 
0308.19.01 
0308.21.00 
0308.22.00 
0308.29.01 
0308.30.00 
0308.90.01 
0309.10.05 
0309.10.90 
0309.90.10 
0309.90.20 
0309.90.30 
0309.90.40 
0309.90.50 
0309.90.60 
0309.90.90 
0401.10.00 
0401.20.20 
0401.20.40 
0401.40.02 
0401.40.05 
0401.40.25 
0401.50.02 
0401.50.05 
0401.50.25 
0401.50.42 
0401.50.50 
0401.50.75 
0402.10.05 
0402.10.10 
0402.10.50 
0402.21.02 
0402.21.05 
0402.21.25 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0402.21.27 
0402.21.30 
0402.21.50 
0402.21.73 
0402.21.75 
0402.21.90 
0402.29.05 
0402.29.10 
0402.29.50 
0402.91.03 
0402.91.06 
0402.91.10 
0402.91.30 
0402.91.70 
0402.91.90 
0402.99.03 
0402.99.06 
0402.99.10 
0402.99.30 
0402.99.45 
0402.99.55 
0402.99.68 
0402.99.70 
0402.99.90 
0403.20.05 
0403.20.10 
0403.20.50 
0403.20.90 
0403.90.02 
0403.90.04 
0403.90.16 
0403.90.20 
0403.90.37 
0403.90.41 
0403.90.45 
0403.90.47 
0403.90.51 
0403.90.55 
0403.90.57 
0403.90.61 
0403.90.65 
0403.90.72 
0403.90.74 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0403.90.78 
0403.90.85 
0403.90.87 
0403.90.90 
0403.90.95 
0404.10.05 
0404.10.08 
0404.10.11 
0404.10.15 
0404.10.20 
0404.10.48 
0404.10.50 
0404.10.90 
0404.90.10 
0404.90.28 
0404.90.30 
0404.90.50 
0404.90.70 
0405.10.05 
0405.10.10 
0405.10.20 
0405.20.10 
0405.20.20 
0405.20.30 
0405.20.40 
0405.20.50 
0405.20.60 
0405.20.70 
0405.20.80 
0405.90.05 
0405.90.10 
0405.90.20 
0406.10.02 
0406.10.04 
0406.10.08 
0406.10.12 
0406.10.14 
0406.10.18 
0406.10.24 
0406.10.28 
0406.10.34 
0406.10.38 
0406.10.44 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0406.10.48 
0406.10.54 
0406.10.58 
0406.10.64 
0406.10.68 
0406.10.74 
0406.10.78 
0406.10.84 
0406.10.88 
0406.10.95 
0406.20.10 
0406.20.15 
0406.20.22 
0406.20.24 
0406.20.28 
0406.20.29 
0406.20.31 
0406.20.33 
0406.20.34 
0406.20.36 
0406.20.39 
0406.20.43 
0406.20.44 
0406.20.48 
0406.20.49 
0406.20.51 
0406.20.53 
0406.20.54 
0406.20.55 
0406.20.56 
0406.20.57 
0406.20.61 
0406.20.63 
0406.20.65 
0406.20.67 
0406.20.69 
0406.20.71 
0406.20.73 
0406.20.75 
0406.20.77 
0406.20.79 
0406.20.81 
0406.20.83 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0406.20.85 
0406.20.87 
0406.20.89 
0406.20.91 
0406.20.95 
0406.30.05 
0406.30.12 
0406.30.14 
0406.30.18 
0406.30.22 
0406.30.24 
0406.30.28 
0406.30.32 
0406.30.34 
0406.30.38 
0406.30.42 
0406.30.44 
0406.30.48 
0406.30.49 
0406.30.51 
0406.30.53 
0406.30.55 
0406.30.56 
0406.30.57 
0406.30.61 
0406.30.63 
0406.30.65 
0406.30.67 
0406.30.69 
0406.30.71 
0406.30.73 
0406.30.75 
0406.30.77 
0406.30.79 
0406.30.81 
0406.30.83 
0406.30.85 
0406.30.87 
0406.30.89 
0406.30.91 
0406.30.95 
0406.40.20 
0406.40.40 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0406.40.44 
0406.40.48 
0406.40.51 
0406.40.52 
0406.40.54 
0406.40.58 
0406.40.70 
0406.90.05 
0406.90.06 
0406.90.08 
0406.90.12 
0406.90.14 
0406.90.16 
0406.90.18 
0406.90.20 
0406.90.25 
0406.90.28 
0406.90.31 
0406.90.32 
0406.90.33 
0406.90.34 
0406.90.36 
0406.90.37 
0406.90.38 
0406.90.39 
0406.90.41 
0406.90.42 
0406.90.43 
0406.90.44 
0406.90.46 
0406.90.48 
0406.90.49 
0406.90.51 
0406.90.52 
0406.90.54 
0406.90.56 
0406.90.57 
0406.90.59 
0406.90.61 
0406.90.63 
0406.90.66 
0406.90.68 
0406.90.72 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0406.90.74 
0406.90.76 
0406.90.78 
0406.90.82 
0406.90.84 
0406.90.86 
0406.90.88 
0406.90.90 
0406.90.92 
0406.90.93 
0406.90.94 
0406.90.95 
0406.90.97 
0406.90.99 
0407.11.00 
0407.19.00 
0407.21.00 
0407.29.00 
0407.90.00 
0408.11.00 
0408.19.00 
0408.91.00 
0408.99.00 
0409.00.00 
0410.10.00 
0410.90.00 
0501.00.00 
0502.90.00 
0504.00.00 
0505.10.00 
0505.90.20 
0505.90.60 
0506.10.00 
0506.90.00 
0507.10.00 
0507.90.00 
0508.00.00 
0510.00.20 
0510.00.40 
0511.10.00 
0511.91.00 
0511.99.20 
0511.99.30 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0511.99.33 
0511.99.36 
0511.99.40 
0601.10.15 
0601.10.30 
0601.10.45 
0601.10.60 
0601.10.75 
0601.10.85 
0601.10.90 
0601.20.10 
0601.20.90 
0602.10.00 
0602.20.00 
0602.30.00 
0602.40.00 
0602.90.20 
0602.90.30 
0602.90.40 
0602.90.60 
0602.90.90 
0603.11.00 
0603.12.30 
0603.12.70 
0603.13.00 
0603.14.00 
0603.15.00 
0603.19.01 
0603.90.00 
0604.20.00 
0604.90.10 
0604.90.30 
0604.90.60 
0701.10.00 
0701.90.10 
0701.90.50 
0702.00.20 
0702.00.40 
0702.00.60 
0703.10.20 
0703.10.30 
0703.10.40 
0703.20.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0703.90.00 
0704.10.20 
0704.10.40 
0704.10.60 
0704.20.00 
0704.90.20 
0704.90.40 
0705.11.20 
0705.11.40 
0705.19.20 
0705.19.40 
0705.21.00 
0705.29.00 
0706.10.05 
0706.10.10 
0706.10.20 
0706.10.40 
0706.90.20 
0706.90.30 
0706.90.40 
0707.00.20 
0707.00.40 
0707.00.50 
0707.00.60 
0708.10.20 
0708.10.40 
0708.20.10 
0708.20.20 
0708.20.90 
0708.90.05 
0708.90.15 
0708.90.25 
0708.90.30 
0708.90.40 
0709.20.10 
0709.20.90 
0709.30.20 
0709.30.40 
0709.40.20 
0709.40.40 
0709.40.60 
0709.51.01 
0709.52.05 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0709.53.00 
0709.54.00 
0709.55.00 
0709.56.00 
0709.59.11 
0709.59.91 
0709.60.20 
0709.60.40 
0709.70.00 
0709.91.00 
0709.92.00 
0709.93.10 
0709.93.20 
0709.93.30 
0709.99.05 
0709.99.10 
0709.99.14 
0709.99.30 
0709.99.45 
0709.99.90 
0710.10.00 
0710.21.20 
0710.21.40 
0710.22.10 
0710.22.15 
0710.22.20 
0710.22.25 
0710.22.37 
0710.22.40 
0710.29.05 
0710.29.15 
0710.29.25 
0710.29.30 
0710.29.40 
0710.30.00 
0710.40.00 
0710.80.15 
0710.80.20 
0710.80.40 
0710.80.45 
0710.80.50 
0710.80.60 
0710.80.65 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 

0710.80.70 
0710.80.85 
0710.80.93 
0710.80.97 
0710.90.11 
0710.90.91 
0711.20.18 
0711.20.28 
0711.20.38 
0711.20.40 
0711.40.00 
0711.51.00 
0711.59.10 
0711.59.90 
0711.90.20 
0711.90.30 
0711.90.50 
0711.90.65 
0712.20.20 
0712.20.40 
0712.31.10 
0712.31.20 
0712.32.00 
0712.33.00 
0712.34.10 
0712.34.20 
0712.39.11 
0712.39.21 
0712.39.40 
0712.90.10 
0712.90.15 
0712.90.20 
0712.90.30 
0712.90.40 
0712.90.60 
0712.90.65 
0712.90.70 
0712.90.74 
0712.90.78 
0712.90.85 
0713.10.10 
0713.10.20 
0713.10.40 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0713.20.10 
0713.20.20 
0713.31.10 
0713.31.20 
0713.31.40 
0713.32.10 
0713.32.20 
0713.33.10 
0713.33.20 
0713.33.40 
0713.34.10 
0713.34.20 
0713.34.40 
0713.35.00 
0713.39.11 
0713.39.21 
0713.39.41 
0713.40.10 
0713.40.20 
0713.50.10 
0713.50.20 
0713.60.10 
0713.60.60 
0713.60.80 
0713.90.11 
0713.90.50 
0713.90.61 
0713.90.81 
0714.10.10 
0714.10.20 
0714.20.10 
0714.20.20 
0714.30.10 
0714.30.20 
0714.30.50 
0714.30.60 
0714.40.10 
0714.40.20 
0714.40.50 
0714.40.60 
0714.50.10 
0714.50.20 
0714.50.50 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0714.50.60 
0714.90.05 
0714.90.39 
0714.90.41 
0714.90.42 
0714.90.44 
0714.90.46 
0714.90.48 
0714.90.51 
0714.90.61 
0801.11.00 
0801.12.00 
0801.19.01 
0801.21.00 
0801.22.00 
0801.31.00 
0801.32.00 
0802.11.00 
0802.12.00 
0802.21.00 
0802.22.00 
0802.31.00 
0802.32.00 
0802.41.00 
0802.42.00 
0802.51.00 
0802.52.00 
0802.61.00 
0802.62.00 
0802.70.10 
0802.70.20 
0802.80.10 
0802.80.20 
0802.91.10 
0802.92.90 
0802.99.10 
0802.99.15 
0802.99.98 
0803.10.10 
0803.10.20 
0803.90.00 
0804.10.20 
0804.10.40 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0804.10.60 
0804.10.80 
0804.20.40 
0804.20.60 
0804.20.80 
0804.30.20 
0804.30.40 
0804.30.60 
0804.40.00 
0804.50.40 
0804.50.60 
0804.50.80 
0805.10.00 
0805.21.00 
0805.22.00 
0805.29.00 
0805.40.40 
0805.40.60 
0805.40.80 
0805.50.20 
0805.50.30 
0805.50.40 
0805.90.01 
0806.10.20 
0806.10.40 
0806.10.60 
0806.20.10 
0806.20.20 
0806.20.90 
0807.11.30 
0807.11.40 
0807.19.10 
0807.19.20 
0807.19.50 
0807.19.60 
0807.19.70 
0807.19.80 
0807.20.00 
0808.10.00 
0808.30.20 
0808.30.40 
0808.40.20 
0808.40.40 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0809.10.00 
0809.21.00 
0809.29.00 
0809.30.20 
0809.30.40 
0809.40.20 
0809.40.40 
0810.10.20 
0810.10.40 
0810.20.10 
0810.20.90 
0810.30.00 
0810.40.00 
0810.50.00 
0810.60.00 
0810.70.00 
0810.90.27 
0810.90.46 
0811.10.00 
0811.20.20 
0811.20.40 
0811.90.10 
0811.90.20 
0811.90.22 
0811.90.25 
0811.90.30 
0811.90.35 
0811.90.40 
0811.90.50 
0811.90.52 
0811.90.55 
0811.90.80 
0812.10.00 
0812.90.10 
0812.90.20 
0812.90.30 
0812.90.40 
0812.90.50 
0812.90.90 
0813.10.00 
0813.20.10 
0813.20.20 
0813.30.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

0813.40.10 
0813.40.15 
0813.40.20 
0813.40.30 
0813.40.40 
0813.40.80 
0813.40.90 
0813.50.00 
0814.00.10 
0814.00.40 
0814.00.80 
0901.11.00 
0901.12.00 
0901.21.00 
0901.22.00 
0901.90.10 
0901.90.20 
0902.10.10 
0902.10.90 
0902.20.10 
0902.20.90 
0902.30.00 
0902.40.00 
0903.00.00 
0904.11.00 
0904.12.00 
0904.21.20 
0904.21.40 
0904.21.60 
0904.21.80 
0904.22.20 
0904.22.40 
0904.22.73 
0904.22.76 
0904.22.80 
0905.10.00 
0905.20.00 
0906.11.00 
0906.19.00 
0906.20.00 
0907.10.00 
0907.20.00 
0908.11.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

0908.12.00 
0908.21.00 
0908.22.20 
0908.22.40 
0908.31.00 
0908.32.00 
0909.21.00 
0909.22.00 
0909.31.00 
0909.32.00 
0909.61.00 
0909.62.00 
0910.11.00 
0910.12.00 
0910.20.00 
0910.30.00 
0910.91.00 
0910.99.05 
0910.99.06 
0910.99.07 
0910.99.10 
0910.99.20 
0910.99.40 
0910.99.50 
0910.99.60 
1001.11.00 
1001.19.00 
1001.91.00 
1001.99.00 
1002.10.00 
1002.90.00 
1003.10.00 
1003.90.20 
1003.90.40 
1004.10.00 
1004.90.00 
1005.10.00 
1005.90.20 
1005.90.40 
1006.10.00 
1006.20.20 
1006.20.40 
1006.30.10 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

1006.30.90 
1006.40.00 
1007.10.00 
1007.90.00 
1008.10.00 
1008.21.00 
1008.29.00 
1008.30.00 
1008.40.00 
1008.50.00 
1008.60.00 
1008.90.01 
1101.00.00 
1102.20.00 
1102.90.20 
1102.90.25 
1102.90.27 
1102.90.30 
1102.90.60 
1103.11.00 
1103.13.00 
1103.19.12 
1103.19.14 
1103.19.90 
1103.20.00 
1104.12.00 
1104.19.10 
1104.19.90 
1104.22.00 
1104.23.00 
1104.29.10 
1104.29.90 
1104.30.00 
1105.10.00 
1105.20.00 
1106.10.00 
1106.20.10 
1106.20.90 
1106.30.20 
1106.30.40 
1107.10.00 
1107.20.00 
1108.11.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

1108.12.00 
1108.13.00 
1108.14.00 
1108.19.00 
1108.20.00 
1109.00.10 
1109.00.90 
1201.10.00 
1201.90.00 
1202.30.05 
1202.30.40 
1202.30.80 
1202.41.05 
1202.41.40 
1202.41.80 
1202.42.10 
1202.42.15 
1202.42.20 
1202.42.50 
1202.42.60 
1202.42.90 
1203.00.00 
1204.00.00 
1205.10.00 
1205.90.00 
1206.00.00 
1207.10.00 
1207.21.00 
1207.29.00 
1207.30.00 
1207.40.00 
1207.50.00 
1207.60.00 
1207.70.00 
1207.91.00 
1207.99.03 
1208.10.00 
1208.90.00 
1209.10.00 
1209.21.00 
1209.22.20 
1209.22.40 
1209.23.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1209.24.00 
1209.25.00 
1209.29.10 
1209.29.91 
1209.30.00 
1209.91.10 
1209.91.20 
1209.91.40 
1209.91.50 
1209.91.60 
1209.91.80 
1209.99.20 
1209.99.41 
1210.10.00 
1210.20.00 
1211.20.10 
1211.20.15 
1211.30.00 
1211.40.00 
1211.50.00 
1211.60.00 
1211.90.20 
1211.90.40 
1211.90.60 
1211.90.89 
1211.90.93 
1212.21.00 
1212.29.00 
1212.92.00 
1212.93.00 
1212.94.00 
1212.99.20 
1212.99.30 
1212.99.92 
1213.00.00 
1214.10.00 
1214.90.00 
1301.20.00 
1301.90.40 
1301.90.91 
1302.11.00 
1302.12.00 
1302.13.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1302.14.01 
1302.19.21 
1302.19.41 
1302.19.91 
1302.20.00 
1302.31.00 
1302.32.00 
1302.39.00 
1401.10.00 
1401.20.20 
1401.90.20 
1401.90.40 
1404.20.00 
1404.90.10 
1404.90.20 
1404.90.30 
1404.90.40 
1404.90.90 
1501.10.00 
1501.20.00 
1501.90.00 
1502.10.00 
1502.90.00 
1503.00.00 
1504.10.20 
1504.10.40 
1504.20.20 
1504.20.40 
1504.20.60 
1504.30.00 
1505.00.10 
1505.00.90 
1506.00.00 
1507.10.00 
1507.90.20 
1507.90.40 
1508.10.00 
1508.90.00 
1509.20.20 
1509.20.90 
1509.30.20 
1509.30.90 
1509.40.20 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1509.40.90 
1509.90.20 
1509.90.40 
1510.10.10 
1510.10.90 
1510.90.10 
1510.90.20 
1510.90.90 
1511.10.00 
1511.90.00 
1512.11.00 
1512.19.00 
1512.21.00 
1512.29.00 
1513.11.00 
1513.19.00 
1513.21.00 
1513.29.00 
1514.11.00 
1514.19.00 
1514.91.90 
1514.99.10 
1514.99.50 
1514.99.90 
1515.11.00 
1515.19.00 
1515.21.00 
1515.29.00 
1515.30.00 
1515.50.00 
1515.60.05 
1515.90.21 
1515.90.60 
1515.90.81 
1516.10.00 
1516.20.10 
1516.20.91 
1516.30.00 
1517.10.00 
1517.90.10 
1517.90.20 
1517.90.45 
1517.90.50 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1517.90.60 
1517.90.90 
1518.00.20 
1518.00.40 
1520.00.00 
1521.10.00 
1521.90.20 
1521.90.40 
1522.00.00 
1601.00.20 
1601.00.40 
1601.00.60 
1602.10.10 
1602.10.50 
1602.20.20 
1602.20.40 
1602.31.00 
1602.32.00 
1602.39.00 
1602.41.10 
1602.41.20 
1602.41.90 
1602.42.20 
1602.42.40 
1602.49.10 
1602.49.20 
1602.49.40 
1602.49.60 
1602.49.90 
1602.50.05 
1602.50.07 
1602.50.08 
1602.50.21 
1602.50.60 
1602.50.90 
1602.90.91 
1603.00.10 
1603.00.90 
1604.11.20 
1604.11.40 
1604.12.20 
1604.12.40 
1604.12.60 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

1604.13.10 
1604.13.20 
1604.13.30 
1604.13.40 
1604.13.90 
1604.14.10 
1604.14.22 
1604.14.30 
1604.14.40 
1604.14.50 
1604.14.70 
1604.14.80 
1604.15.00 
1604.16.20 
1604.16.40 
1604.16.60 
1604.17.10 
1604.17.40 
1604.17.50 
1604.17.60 
1604.17.80 
1604.18.10 
1604.18.90 
1604.19.10 
1604.19.22 
1604.19.25 
1604.19.32 
1604.19.41 
1604.19.51 
1604.19.61 
1604.19.82 
1604.20.05 
1604.20.10 
1604.20.15 
1604.20.20 
1604.20.25 
1604.20.30 
1604.20.40 
1604.20.50 
1604.20.60 
1604.31.00 
1604.32.30 
1604.32.40 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

1605.10.05 
1605.10.20 
1605.10.40 
1605.10.60 
1605.21.05 
1605.21.10 
1605.29.05 
1605.29.10 
1605.30.05 
1605.30.10 
1605.40.05 
1605.40.10 
1605.51.05 
1605.51.40 
1605.51.50 
1605.52.05 
1605.52.60 
1605.53.05 
1605.53.60 
1605.54.05 
1605.54.60 
1605.55.05 
1605.55.60 
1605.56.05 
1605.56.10 
1605.56.15 
1605.56.20 
1605.56.30 
1605.56.60 
1605.57.05 
1605.57.60 
1605.58.05 
1605.58.55 
1605.59.05 
1605.59.60 
1605.61.00 
1605.62.00 
1605.63.00 
1605.69.00 
1701.12.05 
1701.12.10 
1701.12.50 
1701.13.05 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1701.13.10 
1701.13.20 
1701.13.50 
1701.14.05 
1701.14.10 
1701.14.20 
1701.14.50 
1701.91.05 
1701.91.10 
1701.91.30 
1701.91.42 
1701.91.44 
1701.91.48 
1701.91.52 
1701.91.54 
1701.91.58 
1701.91.80 
1701.99.05 
1701.99.10 
1701.99.50 
1702.11.00 
1702.19.00 
1702.20.22 
1702.20.24 
1702.20.28 
1702.20.40 
1702.30.22 
1702.30.24 
1702.30.28 
1702.30.40 
1702.40.22 
1702.40.24 
1702.40.28 
1702.40.40 
1702.50.00 
1702.60.22 
1702.60.24 
1702.60.28 
1702.60.40 
1702.90.05 
1702.90.10 
1702.90.20 
1702.90.35 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1702.90.40 
1702.90.52 
1702.90.54 
1702.90.58 
1702.90.64 
1702.90.68 
1702.90.90 
1703.10.30 
1703.10.50 
1703.90.30 
1703.90.50 
1704.10.00 
1704.90.10 
1704.90.25 
1704.90.35 
1704.90.52 
1704.90.54 
1704.90.58 
1704.90.64 
1704.90.68 
1704.90.74 
1704.90.78 
1704.90.90 
1801.00.00 
1802.00.00 
1803.10.00 
1803.20.00 
1804.00.00 
1805.00.00 
1806.10.05 
1806.10.10 
1806.10.15 
1806.10.22 
1806.10.24 
1806.10.28 
1806.10.34 
1806.10.38 
1806.10.43 
1806.10.45 
1806.10.55 
1806.10.65 
1806.10.75 
1806.20.20 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1806.20.22 
1806.20.24 
1806.20.26 
1806.20.28 
1806.20.34 
1806.20.36 
1806.20.38 
1806.20.50 
1806.20.60 
1806.20.67 
1806.20.71 
1806.20.73 
1806.20.75 
1806.20.77 
1806.20.78 
1806.20.79 
1806.20.81 
1806.20.82 
1806.20.83 
1806.20.85 
1806.20.87 
1806.20.89 
1806.20.91 
1806.20.94 
1806.20.95 
1806.20.98 
1806.20.99 
1806.31.00 
1806.32.01 
1806.32.04 
1806.32.06 
1806.32.08 
1806.32.14 
1806.32.16 
1806.32.18 
1806.32.30 
1806.32.55 
1806.32.60 
1806.32.70 
1806.32.80 
1806.32.90 
1806.90.01 
1806.90.05 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1806.90.08 
1806.90.10 
1806.90.15 
1806.90.18 
1806.90.20 
1806.90.25 
1806.90.28 
1806.90.30 
1806.90.35 
1806.90.39 
1806.90.45 
1806.90.49 
1806.90.55 
1806.90.59 
1806.90.90 
1901.10.05 
1901.10.11 
1901.10.16 
1901.10.21 
1901.10.26 
1901.10.29 
1901.10.31 
1901.10.33 
1901.10.36 
1901.10.41 
1901.10.44 
1901.10.49 
1901.10.52 
1901.10.54 
1901.10.56 
1901.10.62 
1901.10.64 
1901.10.66 
1901.10.72 
1901.10.74 
1901.10.76 
1901.10.91 
1901.20.02 
1901.20.05 
1901.20.15 
1901.20.20 
1901.20.25 
1901.20.30 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1901.20.35 
1901.20.40 
1901.20.42 
1901.20.45 
1901.20.50 
1901.20.55 
1901.20.60 
1901.20.65 
1901.20.70 
1901.20.80 
1901.90.10 
1901.90.20 
1901.90.25 
1901.90.28 
1901.90.32 
1901.90.33 
1901.90.34 
1901.90.36 
1901.90.60 
1901.90.61 
1901.90.62 
1901.90.63 
1901.90.64 
1901.90.65 
1901.90.66 
1901.90.67 
1901.90.68 
1901.90.69 
1901.90.71 
1901.90.72 
1901.90.91 
1902.11.20 
1902.11.40 
1902.19.20 
1902.19.40 
1902.20.00 
1902.30.00 
1902.40.00 
1903.00.20 
1903.00.40 
1904.10.00 
1904.20.10 
1904.20.90 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

1904.30.00 
1904.90.01 
1905.10.00 
1905.20.00 
1905.31.00 
1905.32.00 
1905.40.00 
1905.90.10 
1905.90.90 
2001.10.00 
2001.90.10 
2001.90.20 
2001.90.25 
2001.90.30 
2001.90.33 
2001.90.34 
2001.90.35 
2001.90.38 
2001.90.42 
2001.90.45 
2001.90.48 
2001.90.50 
2001.90.60 
2002.10.00 
2002.90.40 
2002.90.80 
2003.10.01 
2003.90.10 
2003.90.80 
2004.10.40 
2004.10.80 
2004.90.10 
2004.90.80 
2004.90.85 
2005.10.00 
2005.20.00 
2005.40.00 
2005.51.20 
2005.51.40 
2005.59.00 
2005.60.00 
2005.70.02 
2005.70.04 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

2005.70.06 
2005.70.08 
2005.70.12 
2005.70.16 
2005.70.18 
2005.70.23 
2005.70.25 
2005.70.50 
2005.70.60 
2005.70.70 
2005.70.75 
2005.70.91 
2005.70.93 
2005.70.97 
2005.80.00 
2005.91.60 
2005.91.97 
2005.99.10 
2005.99.20 
2005.99.30 
2005.99.41 
2005.99.50 
2005.99.55 
2005.99.80 
2005.99.85 
2005.99.97 
2006.00.20 
2006.00.30 
2006.00.40 
2006.00.50 
2006.00.60 
2006.00.70 
2006.00.90 
2007.10.00 
2007.91.10 
2007.91.40 
2007.91.90 
2007.99.05 
2007.99.10 
2007.99.15 
2007.99.20 
2007.99.25 
2007.99.30 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 

2007.99.35 
2007.99.40 
2007.99.45 
2007.99.48 
2007.99.50 
2007.99.55 
2007.99.60 
2007.99.65 
2007.99.70 
2007.99.75 
2008.11.02 
2008.11.05 
2008.11.15 
2008.11.43 
2008.11.46 
2008.11.61 
2008.19.10 
2008.19.15 
2008.19.20 
2008.19.25 
2008.19.30 
2008.19.40 
2008.19.50 
2008.19.85 
2008.19.90 
2008.20.00 
2008.30.10 
2008.30.20 
2008.30.30 
2008.30.35 
2008.30.37 
2008.30.40 
2008.30.42 
2008.30.46 
2008.30.48 
2008.30.55 
2008.30.60 
2008.30.66 
2008.30.70 
2008.30.80 
2008.30.85 
2008.30.96 
2008.40.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2008.50.20 
2008.50.40 
2008.60.00 
2008.70.10 
2008.70.20 
2008.80.00 
2008.91.00 
2008.93.00 
2008.97.10 
2008.97.90 
2008.99.05 
2008.99.10 
2008.99.13 
2008.99.15 
2008.99.18 
2008.99.21 
2008.99.23 
2008.99.25 
2008.99.28 
2008.99.29 
2008.99.30 
2008.99.35 
2008.99.40 
2008.99.45 
2008.99.50 
2008.99.60 
2008.99.61 
2008.99.63 
2008.99.65 
2008.99.70 
2008.99.71 
2008.99.80 
2008.99.91 
2009.11.00 
2009.12.25 
2009.12.45 
2009.19.00 
2009.21.20 
2009.21.40 
2009.29.00 
2009.31.10 
2009.31.20 
2009.31.40 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2009.31.60 
2009.39.10 
2009.39.20 
2009.39.60 
2009.41.20 
2009.41.40 
2009.49.20 
2009.49.40 
2009.50.00 
2009.61.00 
2009.69.00 
2009.71.00 
2009.79.00 
2009.81.00 
2009.89.20 
2009.89.40 
2009.89.65 
2009.89.70 
2009.89.80 
2009.90.20 
2009.90.40 
2101.11.21 
2101.11.29 
2101.12.32 
2101.12.34 
2101.12.38 
2101.12.44 
2101.12.48 
2101.12.54 
2101.12.58 
2101.12.90 
2101.20.20 
2101.20.32 
2101.20.34 
2101.20.38 
2101.20.44 
2101.20.48 
2101.20.54 
2101.20.58 
2101.20.90 
2101.30.00 
2102.10.00 
2102.20.20 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

2102.20.40 
2102.20.60 
2102.30.00 
2103.10.00 
2103.20.20 
2103.20.40 
2103.30.20 
2103.30.40 
2103.90.20 
2103.90.40 
2103.90.72 
2103.90.74 
2103.90.78 
2103.90.80 
2103.90.90 
2104.10.00 
2104.20.10 
2104.20.50 
2105.00.05 
2105.00.10 
2105.00.20 
2105.00.25 
2105.00.30 
2105.00.40 
2105.00.50 
2106.10.00 
2106.90.03 
2106.90.06 
2106.90.09 
2106.90.12 
2106.90.15 
2106.90.18 
2106.90.22 
2106.90.24 
2106.90.26 
2106.90.28 
2106.90.32 
2106.90.34 
2106.90.36 
2106.90.38 
2106.90.42 
2106.90.44 
2106.90.46 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

2106.90.48 
2106.90.52 
2106.90.54 
2106.90.58 
2106.90.62 
2106.90.64 
2106.90.66 
2106.90.68 
2106.90.72 
2106.90.74 
2106.90.76 
2106.90.78 
2106.90.80 
2106.90.82 
2106.90.83 
2106.90.85 
2106.90.87 
2106.90.89 
2106.90.91 
2106.90.92 
2106.90.94 
2106.90.95 
2106.90.97 
2106.90.99 
2201.10.00 
2201.90.00 
2202.10.00 
2202.91.00 
2202.99.10 
2202.99.22 
2202.99.24 
2202.99.28 
2202.99.30 
2202.99.35 
2202.99.36 
2202.99.37 
2202.99.91 
2203.00.00 
2204.10.00 
2204.21.20 
2204.21.30 
2204.21.50 
2204.21.60 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2204.21.80 
2204.22.20 
2204.22.40 
2204.22.60 
2204.22.80 
2204.29.61 
2204.29.81 
2204.30.00 
2205.10.30 
2205.10.60 
2205.90.20 
2205.90.40 
2205.90.60 
2206.00.15 
2206.00.30 
2206.00.45 
2206.00.60 
2206.00.90 
2207.10.30 
2207.10.60 
2207.20.00 
2208.20.10 
2208.20.20 
2208.20.30 
2208.20.40 
2208.20.50 
2208.20.60 
2208.30.30 
2208.30.60 
2208.40.20 
2208.40.40 
2208.40.60 
2208.40.80 
2208.50.00 
2208.60.10 
2208.60.20 
2208.60.50 
2208.70.00 
2208.90.01 
2208.90.05 
2208.90.10 
2208.90.12 
2208.90.14 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

2208.90.15 
2208.90.20 
2208.90.25 
2208.90.30 
2208.90.35 
2208.90.40 
2208.90.46 
2208.90.50 
2208.90.55 
2208.90.71 
2208.90.72 
2208.90.75 
2209.00.00 
2301.10.00 
2301.20.00 
2302.10.00 
2302.30.00 
2302.40.01 
2302.50.00 
2303.10.00 
2303.20.00 
2303.30.00 
2304.00.00 
2305.00.00 
2306.10.00 
2306.20.00 
2306.30.00 
2306.41.00 
2306.49.00 
2306.50.00 
2306.60.00 
2306.90.01 
2307.00.00 
2308.00.10 
2308.00.93 
2308.00.95 
2308.00.98 
2309.10.00 
2309.90.10 
2309.90.22 
2309.90.24 
2309.90.28 
2309.90.42 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

2309.90.44 
2309.90.48 
2309.90.60 
2309.90.70 
2309.90.95 
2401.10.21 
2401.10.29 
2401.10.44 
2401.10.48 
2401.10.53 
2401.10.61 
2401.10.63 
2401.10.65 
2401.10.95 
2401.20.05 
2401.20.14 
2401.20.18 
2401.20.23 
2401.20.26 
2401.20.29 
2401.20.31 
2401.20.33 
2401.20.35 
2401.20.57 
2401.20.60 
2401.20.75 
2401.20.83 
2401.20.85 
2401.20.87 
2401.30.03 
2401.30.06 
2401.30.09 
2401.30.13 
2401.30.16 
2401.30.19 
2401.30.23 
2401.30.25 
2401.30.27 
2401.30.33 
2401.30.35 
2401.30.37 
2401.30.70 
2402.10.30 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2402.10.60 
2402.10.80 
2402.20.10 
2402.20.80 
2402.20.90 
2402.90.00 
2403.11.00 
2403.19.20 
2403.19.30 
2403.19.60 
2403.19.90 
2403.91.20 
2403.91.43 
2403.91.45 
2403.91.47 
2403.99.21 
2403.99.31 
2403.99.60 
2403.99.90 
2404.11.00 
2404.12.05 
2404.12.10 
2404.12.90 
2404.19.05 
2404.19.10 
2404.19.90 
2404.91.00 
2404.92.00 
2404.99.00 
2501.00.00 
2502.00.00 
2503.00.00 
2504.10.10 
2504.10.50 
2504.90.00 
2505.10.10 
2505.10.50 
2505.90.00 
2506.10.00 
2506.20.00 
2507.00.00 
2508.10.00 
2508.40.01 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.06 
9903.91.06 
9903.91.06 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2508.50.00 
2508.60.00 
2508.70.00 
2509.00.10 
2509.00.20 
2510.10.00 
2510.20.00 
2511.20.00 
2512.00.00 
2513.10.00 
2513.20.10 
2513.20.90 
2514.00.00 
2515.11.00 
2515.12.10 
2515.12.20 
2515.20.00 
2516.11.00 
2516.12.00 
2516.20.10 
2516.20.20 
2516.90.00 
2517.10.00 
2517.20.00 
2517.30.00 
2517.41.00 
2517.49.00 
2518.10.00 
2518.20.00 
2520.10.00 
2520.20.00 
2521.00.00 
2522.10.00 
2522.20.00 
2522.30.00 
2523.10.00 
2523.21.00 
2523.29.00 
2523.30.00 
2523.90.00 
2524.10.00 
2524.90.00 
2525.10.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2525.20.00 
2525.30.00 
2528.00.00 
2529.10.00 
2529.30.00 
2530.10.00 
2530.20.10 
2530.20.20 
2530.90.10 
2530.90.20 
2601.11.00 
2601.12.00 
2601.20.00 
2602.00.00 
2604.00.00 
2605.00.00 
2606.00.00 
2607.00.00 
2608.00.00 
2610.00.00 
2611.00.60 
2612.10.00 
2614.00.30 
2614.00.60 
2615.10.00 
2615.90.30 
2615.90.60 
2616.10.00 
2616.90.00 
2617.90.00 
2618.00.00 
2619.00.30 
2619.00.90 
2620.11.00 
2620.19.30 
2620.19.60 
2620.21.00 
2620.29.00 
2620.30.00 
2620.60.10 
2620.60.90 
2620.91.00 
2620.99.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2620.99.20 
2620.99.30 
2620.99.50 
2620.99.75 
2620.99.85 
2621.10.00 
2621.90.00 
2701.11.00 
2701.12.00 
2701.19.00 
2701.20.00 
2702.10.00 
2702.20.00 
2703.00.00 
2705.00.00 
2706.00.00 
2707.10.00 
2707.20.00 
2707.30.00 
2707.40.00 
2707.50.00 
2707.91.00 
2707.99.10 
2707.99.20 
2707.99.40 
2707.99.51 
2707.99.55 
2707.99.59 
2707.99.90 
2708.10.00 
2708.20.00 
2709.00.10 
2709.00.20 
2710.12.15 
2710.12.18 
2710.12.25 
2710.12.45 
2710.12.90 
2710.19.06 
2710.19.11 
2710.19.16 
2710.19.24 
2710.19.25 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2710.19.26 
2710.19.30 
2710.19.35 
2710.19.40 
2710.19.45 
2710.19.90 
2710.20.05 
2710.20.10 
2710.20.15 
2710.20.25 
2710.91.00 
2710.99.05 
2710.99.10 
2710.99.16 
2710.99.21 
2710.99.31 
2710.99.32 
2710.99.39 
2710.99.45 
2710.99.90 
2711.11.00 
2711.12.00 
2711.13.00 
2711.14.00 
2711.19.00 
2711.21.00 
2711.29.00 
2712.10.00 
2712.20.00 
2712.90.10 
2712.90.20 
2713.11.00 
2713.12.00 
2713.20.00 
2713.90.00 
2714.10.00 
2714.90.00 
2715.00.00 
2801.10.00 
2801.20.00 
2801.30.10 
2801.30.20 
2802.00.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2803.00.00 
2804.10.00 
2804.21.00 
2804.29.00 
2804.30.00 
2804.40.00 
2804.50.00 
2804.61.00 
2804.80.00 
2804.90.00 
2805.11.00 
2805.12.00 
2805.19.10 
2805.19.20 
2805.19.90 
2805.40.00 
2806.10.00 
2806.20.00 
2807.00.00 
2808.00.00 
2809.10.00 
2809.20.00 
2810.00.00 
2811.11.00 
2811.12.00 
2811.19.10 
2811.19.30 
2811.19.61 
2811.21.00 
2811.22.10 
2811.22.50 
2811.29.10 
2811.29.20 
2811.29.30 
2811.29.50 
2812.11.00 
2812.12.00 
2812.13.00 
2812.14.00 
2812.15.00 
2812.16.00 
2812.17.00 
2812.19.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.05 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2812.90.00 
2813.10.00 
2813.90.10 
2813.90.20 
2813.90.50 
2814.10.00 
2814.20.00 
2815.11.00 
2815.12.00 
2815.20.00 
2815.30.00 
2816.10.00 
2816.40.10 
2817.00.00 
2818.10.10 
2818.10.20 
2818.30.00 
2819.10.00 
2819.90.00 
2820.10.00 
2820.90.00 
2821.10.00 
2821.20.00 
2822.00.00 
2823.00.00 
2824.10.00 
2824.90.10 
2824.90.20 
2824.90.50 
2825.10.00 
2825.20.00 
2825.30.00 
2825.40.00 
2825.50.10 
2825.50.20 
2825.50.30 
2825.60.00 
2825.90.10 
2825.90.15 
2825.90.30 
2825.90.75 
2825.90.90 
2826.12.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2826.19.10 
2826.19.20 
2826.19.90 
2826.30.00 
2826.90.10 
2827.10.00 
2827.20.00 
2827.31.00 
2827.32.00 
2827.35.00 
2827.39.10 
2827.39.30 
2827.39.45 
2827.39.55 
2827.39.60 
2827.39.65 
2827.39.90 
2827.41.00 
2827.49.10 
2827.51.00 
2827.59.25 
2827.59.51 
2827.60.10 
2827.60.20 
2827.60.51 
2828.10.00 
2828.90.00 
2829.11.00 
2829.19.01 
2829.90.05 
2829.90.40 
2829.90.61 
2830.10.00 
2830.90.10 
2830.90.15 
2830.90.20 
2830.90.90 
2831.10.10 
2831.10.50 
2831.90.00 
2832.10.00 
2832.20.00 
2832.30.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2832.30.50 
2833.11.10 
2833.11.50 
2833.19.00 
2833.21.00 
2833.22.00 
2833.24.00 
2833.25.00 
2833.27.00 
2833.29.10 
2833.29.20 
2833.29.30 
2833.29.40 
2833.29.45 
2833.29.51 
2833.30.00 
2833.40.20 
2833.40.60 
2834.10.10 
2834.10.50 
2834.21.00 
2834.29.05 
2834.29.10 
2834.29.20 
2834.29.51 
2835.10.00 
2835.22.00 
2835.24.00 
2835.25.00 
2835.26.00 
2835.29.10 
2835.29.20 
2835.29.30 
2835.29.51 
2835.31.00 
2835.39.10 
2835.39.50 
2836.20.00 
2836.30.00 
2836.40.10 
2836.40.20 
2836.50.00 
2836.60.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2836.91.00 
2836.92.00 
2836.99.10 
2836.99.20 
2836.99.30 
2836.99.40 
2836.99.50 
2837.11.00 
2837.19.01 
2837.20.10 
2837.20.51 
2839.11.00 
2839.19.00 
2839.90.10 
2839.90.50 
2840.11.00 
2840.19.00 
2840.20.00 
2840.30.00 
2841.30.00 
2841.50.10 
2841.50.91 
2841.61.00 
2841.69.00 
2841.80.00 
2841.90.10 
2841.90.20 
2841.90.30 
2841.90.40 
2841.90.45 
2841.90.50 
2842.10.00 
2842.90.10 
2842.90.90 
2843.10.00 
2843.21.00 
2843.29.01 
2843.30.00 
2843.90.00 
2844.10.10 
2844.10.20 
2844.10.50 
2844.20.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 

2844.41.00 
2844.42.00 
2844.43.00 
2844.44.00 
2844.50.00 
2845.10.00 
2845.20.00 
2845.30.00 
2845.40.00 
2845.90.01 
2847.00.00 
2849.10.00 
2849.90.10 
2849.90.20 
2849.90.30 
2849.90.50 
2850.00.05 
2850.00.07 
2850.00.10 
2850.00.20 
2850.00.50 
2852.10.10 
2852.10.90 
2852.90.05 
2852.90.90 
2853.10.00 
2853.90.10 
2853.90.50 
2853.90.90 
2901.10.10 
2901.10.30 
2901.10.40 
2901.10.50 
2901.21.00 
2901.22.00 
2901.23.00 
2901.24.10 
2901.24.20 
2901.24.50 
2901.29.10 
2901.29.50 
2902.11.00 
2902.19.00 

9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2902.20.00 
2902.30.00 
2902.41.00 
2902.42.00 
2902.43.00 
2902.44.00 
2902.50.00 
2902.60.00 
2902.70.00 
2902.90.10 
2902.90.20 
2902.90.30 
2902.90.40 
2902.90.60 
2902.90.90 
2903.11.00 
2903.12.00 
2903.13.00 
2903.14.00 
2903.15.00 
2903.19.05 
2903.19.10 
2903.19.30 
2903.19.60 
2903.22.00 
2903.23.00 
2903.29.00 
2903.61.00 
2903.62.10 
2903.69.10 
2903.71.01 
2903.72.01 
2903.73.01 
2903.74.01 
2903.75.01 
2903.76.01 
2903.78.00 
2903.79.10 
2903.79.90 
2903.81.00 
2903.82.00 
2903.83.00 
2903.89.05 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 

2903.89.15 
2903.89.20 
2903.89.40 
2903.89.60 
2903.89.70 
2903.91.10 
2903.91.20 
2903.91.30 
2903.92.00 
2903.93.00 
2903.94.00 
2903.99.10 
2903.99.15 
2903.99.20 
2903.99.23 
2903.99.27 
2903.99.30 
2904.10.04 
2904.10.08 
2904.10.10 
2904.10.15 
2904.10.32 
2904.10.37 
2904.10.50 
2904.20.10 
2904.20.15 
2904.20.20 
2904.20.30 
2904.20.35 
2904.20.40 
2904.20.45 
2904.20.50 
2904.31.00 
2904.32.00 
2904.33.00 
2904.34.00 
2904.35.00 
2904.36.00 
2904.91.00 
2904.99.04 
2904.99.08 
2904.99.15 
2904.99.20 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2904.99.30 
2904.99.35 
2904.99.40 
2904.99.47 
2904.99.50 
2905.11.10 
2905.11.20 
2905.12.00 
2905.13.00 
2905.14.10 
2905.14.50 
2905.16.00 
2905.17.00 
2905.19.10 
2905.19.90 
2905.22.10 
2905.22.20 
2905.22.50 
2905.29.10 
2905.29.90 
2905.31.00 
2905.32.00 
2905.39.10 
2905.39.20 
2905.39.60 
2905.39.90 
2905.41.00 
2905.42.00 
2905.43.00 
2905.44.00 
2905.45.00 
2905.49.10 
2905.49.20 
2905.49.30 
2905.49.40 
2905.49.50 
2905.59.10 
2905.59.30 
2905.59.90 
2906.11.00 
2906.12.00 
2906.13.10 
2906.13.50 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2906.19.10 
2906.19.30 
2906.19.50 
2906.21.00 
2906.29.10 
2906.29.20 
2906.29.30 
2906.29.60 
2907.11.00 
2907.12.00 
2907.13.00 
2907.15.10 
2907.15.30 
2907.15.60 
2907.19.10 
2907.19.20 
2907.19.40 
2907.19.61 
2907.19.80 
2907.21.00 
2907.22.10 
2907.22.50 
2907.23.00 
2907.29.05 
2907.29.15 
2907.29.25 
2907.29.90 
2908.11.00 
2908.19.05 
2908.19.10 
2908.19.20 
2908.19.25 
2908.19.35 
2908.19.60 
2908.91.00 
2908.92.00 
2908.99.03 
2908.99.06 
2908.99.09 
2908.99.12 
2908.99.15 
2908.99.20 
2908.99.33 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2908.99.40 
2908.99.80 
2908.99.90 
2909.11.00 
2909.19.14 
2909.19.18 
2909.19.30 
2909.19.60 
2909.20.00 
2909.30.05 
2909.30.20 
2909.30.40 
2909.30.60 
2909.41.00 
2909.43.00 
2909.44.01 
2909.49.05 
2909.49.10 
2909.49.15 
2909.49.20 
2909.49.30 
2909.49.60 
2909.50.10 
2909.50.20 
2909.50.40 
2909.50.45 
2909.50.50 
2909.60.10 
2909.60.20 
2909.60.50 
2910.10.00 
2910.20.00 
2910.30.00 
2910.40.00 
2910.50.00 
2910.90.10 
2910.90.20 
2910.90.91 
2911.00.10 
2911.00.50 
2912.11.00 
2912.12.00 
2912.19.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2912.19.20 
2912.19.25 
2912.19.30 
2912.19.50 
2912.21.00 
2912.29.10 
2912.29.30 
2912.29.60 
2912.41.00 
2912.42.00 
2912.49.10 
2912.49.15 
2912.49.26 
2912.49.55 
2912.49.60 
2912.49.90 
2912.50.10 
2912.50.50 
2912.60.00 
2913.00.20 
2913.00.40 
2913.00.50 
2914.11.10 
2914.11.50 
2914.12.00 
2914.13.00 
2914.19.00 
2914.22.10 
2914.22.20 
2914.23.00 
2914.29.10 
2914.29.30 
2914.29.31 
2914.29.50 
2914.31.00 
2914.39.10 
2914.39.90 
2914.40.10 
2914.40.20 
2914.40.40 
2914.40.60 
2914.40.90 
2914.50.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2914.50.30 
2914.50.50 
2914.61.00 
2914.69.10 
2914.71.00 
2914.79.10 
2914.79.30 
2914.79.40 
2914.79.60 
2914.79.90 
2915.11.00 
2915.12.00 
2915.13.10 
2915.13.50 
2915.21.00 
2915.24.00 
2915.29.10 
2915.29.20 
2915.29.30 
2915.29.50 
2915.31.00 
2915.32.00 
2915.33.00 
2915.36.00 
2915.39.10 
2915.39.20 
2915.39.31 
2915.39.40 
2915.39.45 
2915.39.47 
2915.39.60 
2915.39.70 
2915.39.80 
2915.39.90 
2915.40.10 
2915.40.20 
2915.40.30 
2915.40.50 
2915.50.10 
2915.50.20 
2915.50.50 
2915.60.10 
2915.60.50 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2915.70.01 
2915.90.10 
2915.90.14 
2915.90.18 
2915.90.20 
2915.90.50 
2916.11.00 
2916.12.10 
2916.12.50 
2916.13.00 
2916.14.10 
2916.14.20 
2916.15.10 
2916.15.51 
2916.16.00 
2916.19.10 
2916.19.20 
2916.19.30 
2916.19.50 
2916.20.10 
2916.20.50 
2916.31.11 
2916.31.20 
2916.31.30 
2916.31.50 
2916.32.10 
2916.32.20 
2916.34.10 
2916.34.25 
2916.34.55 
2916.39.03 
2916.39.04 
2916.39.06 
2916.39.08 
2916.39.12 
2916.39.16 
2916.39.17 
2916.39.21 
2916.39.46 
2916.39.77 
2916.39.79 
2917.11.00 
2917.12.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2917.12.20 
2917.12.50 
2917.13.00 
2917.14.10 
2917.14.50 
2917.19.10 
2917.19.15 
2917.19.17 
2917.19.20 
2917.19.23 
2917.19.27 
2917.19.35 
2917.19.40 
2917.20.00 
2917.32.00 
2917.33.00 
2917.34.01 
2917.35.00 
2917.36.00 
2917.37.00 
2917.39.04 
2917.39.12 
2917.39.15 
2917.39.20 
2917.39.30 
2917.39.70 
2918.11.10 
2918.11.51 
2918.12.00 
2918.13.10 
2918.13.20 
2918.13.30 
2918.13.50 
2918.14.00 
2918.15.10 
2918.15.50 
2918.16.10 
2918.16.50 
2918.17.00 
2918.18.00 
2918.19.11 
2918.19.12 
2918.19.15 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2918.19.20 
2918.19.31 
2918.19.60 
2918.19.90 
2918.21.10 
2918.21.50 
2918.23.10 
2918.23.20 
2918.23.30 
2918.23.50 
2918.29.04 
2918.29.06 
2918.29.08 
2918.29.20 
2918.29.22 
2918.29.30 
2918.29.39 
2918.29.65 
2918.29.75 
2918.30.10 
2918.30.15 
2918.30.25 
2918.30.30 
2918.30.70 
2918.30.90 
2918.91.00 
2918.99.05 
2918.99.18 
2918.99.20 
2918.99.43 
2919.10.00 
2919.90.15 
2919.90.25 
2919.90.30 
2919.90.50 
2920.11.00 
2920.19.10 
2920.19.40 
2920.19.50 
2920.21.00 
2920.23.00 
2920.24.00 
2920.29.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2920.30.00 
2920.90.10 
2920.90.20 
2920.90.51 
2921.11.00 
2921.12.01 
2921.13.00 
2921.14.00 
2921.19.11 
2921.19.31 
2921.19.61 
2921.21.00 
2921.22.05 
2921.22.10 
2921.22.50 
2921.29.00 
2921.30.05 
2921.30.10 
2921.30.30 
2921.30.50 
2921.41.10 
2921.41.20 
2921.42.10 
2921.42.15 
2921.42.16 
2921.42.18 
2921.42.21 
2921.42.22 
2921.42.23 
2921.42.36 
2921.42.65 
2921.42.90 
2921.43.04 
2921.43.08 
2921.43.15 
2921.43.19 
2921.43.22 
2921.43.24 
2921.43.40 
2921.43.90 
2921.44.05 
2921.44.10 
2921.44.20 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2921.44.70 
2921.45.10 
2921.45.20 
2921.45.25 
2921.45.60 
2921.45.90 
2921.49.10 
2921.49.15 
2921.49.45 
2921.49.50 
2921.51.10 
2921.51.20 
2921.51.30 
2921.51.50 
2921.59.04 
2921.59.08 
2921.59.17 
2921.59.20 
2921.59.30 
2921.59.40 
2921.59.80 
2922.11.00 
2922.12.00 
2922.15.00 
2922.16.00 
2922.17.00 
2922.18.00 
2922.21.10 
2922.21.25 
2922.21.40 
2922.21.50 
2922.29.03 
2922.29.08 
2922.29.10 
2922.29.13 
2922.29.20 
2922.29.26 
2922.29.27 
2922.29.29 
2922.29.61 
2922.29.81 
2922.39.05 
2922.39.14 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2922.39.17 
2922.39.25 
2922.39.45 
2922.39.50 
2922.42.10 
2922.42.50 
2922.43.10 
2922.43.50 
2922.49.05 
2922.49.10 
2922.49.26 
2922.49.30 
2922.49.37 
2922.49.43 
2922.49.49 
2922.49.60 
2922.49.80 
2923.10.00 
2923.20.10 
2923.20.20 
2923.30.00 
2923.40.00 
2923.90.01 
2924.12.00 
2924.19.11 
2924.19.80 
2924.21.04 
2924.21.08 
2924.21.12 
2924.21.16 
2924.21.20 
2924.21.45 
2924.21.50 
2924.23.10 
2924.23.70 
2924.23.75 
2924.25.00 
2924.29.01 
2924.29.10 
2924.29.20 
2924.29.28 
2924.29.31 
2924.29.33 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2924.29.43 
2924.29.47 
2924.29.65 
2924.29.71 
2924.29.77 
2924.29.80 
2924.29.95 
2925.11.00 
2925.19.30 
2925.19.42 
2925.19.70 
2925.19.91 
2925.21.00 
2925.29.10 
2925.29.18 
2925.29.20 
2925.29.60 
2925.29.70 
2925.29.90 
2926.10.00 
2926.20.00 
2926.30.10 
2926.30.20 
2926.90.01 
2926.90.05 
2926.90.08 
2926.90.11 
2926.90.12 
2926.90.14 
2926.90.16 
2926.90.17 
2926.90.23 
2926.90.25 
2926.90.30 
2926.90.43 
2926.90.48 
2926.90.50 
2927.00.03 
2927.00.06 
2927.00.15 
2927.00.18 
2927.00.25 
2927.00.30 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2927.00.40 
2927.00.50 
2928.00.15 
2928.00.25 
2928.00.50 
2929.10.10 
2929.10.15 
2929.10.20 
2929.10.27 
2929.10.35 
2929.10.55 
2929.90.05 
2929.90.15 
2929.90.20 
2929.90.50 
2930.20.10 
2930.20.90 
2930.30.60 
2930.40.00 
2930.60.00 
2930.70.00 
2930.90.10 
2930.90.26 
2930.90.29 
2930.90.30 
2930.90.42 
2930.90.43 
2930.90.46 
2930.90.49 
2930.90.71 
2931.10.00 
2931.20.00 
2931.41.00 
2931.42.00 
2931.43.00 
2931.45.00 
2931.46.00 
2931.47.00 
2931.90.22 
2931.90.30 
2931.90.60 
2931.90.70 
2931.90.9010 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.04 

2931.90.9021 
2931.90.9025 
2931.90.9029 
2932.11.00 
2932.12.00 
2932.13.00 
2932.19.10 
2932.19.51 
2932.92.00 
2932.93.00 
2932.94.00 
2932.95.00 
2932.96.00 
2932.99.08 
2932.99.21 
2932.99.32 
2932.99.35 
2932.99.39 
2932.99.70 
2933.19.04 
2933.19.08 
2933.19.15 
2933.19.18 
2933.19.23 
2933.19.30 
2933.19.35 
2933.19.37 
2933.19.43 
2933.19.45 
2933.19.70 
2933.19.90 
2933.21.00 
2933.29.05 
2933.29.10 
2933.29.20 
2933.29.35 
2933.29.43 
2933.29.45 
2933.29.60 
2933.29.90 
2933.31.00 
2933.32.10 
2933.32.50 

9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

2933.61.00 
2933.69.20 
2933.69.50 
2933.69.60 
2933.71.00 
2933.79.04 
2933.79.08 
2933.79.15 
2933.79.20 
2933.79.30 
2933.79.40 
2933.79.85 
2933.92.00 
2934.10.10 
2934.10.20 
2934.10.90 
2934.20.10 
2934.20.15 
2934.20.20 
2934.20.25 
2934.20.30 
2934.20.35 
2934.20.40 
2939.80.00 
2940.00.60 
2942.00.03 
2942.00.05 
2942.00.10 
2942.00.35 
2942.00.50 
3006.93.20 
3006.93.50 
3006.93.60 
3006.93.80 
3101.00.00 
3102.10.00 
3102.21.00 
3102.29.00 
3102.30.00 
3102.40.00 
3102.50.00 
3102.60.00 
3102.80.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3102.90.01 
3103.11.00 
3103.19.00 
3103.90.01 
3104.20.00 
3104.30.00 
3104.90.01 
3105.10.00 
3105.20.00 
3105.30.00 
3105.40.00 
3105.51.00 
3105.59.00 
3105.60.00 
3105.90.00 
3201.10.00 
3201.20.00 
3201.90.10 
3201.90.25 
3201.90.50 
3202.10.10 
3202.10.50 
3202.90.10 
3202.90.50 
3203.00.10 
3203.00.30 
3203.00.80 
3204.11.10 
3204.11.18 
3204.11.35 
3204.11.50 
3204.12.05 
3204.12.13 
3204.12.17 
3204.12.20 
3204.12.30 
3204.12.45 
3204.12.50 
3204.13.10 
3204.13.20 
3204.13.25 
3204.13.45 
3204.13.60 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3204.13.80 
3204.14.10 
3204.14.20 
3204.14.25 
3204.14.30 
3204.14.50 
3204.15.10 
3204.15.20 
3204.15.25 
3204.15.30 
3204.15.35 
3204.15.40 
3204.15.80 
3204.16.10 
3204.16.20 
3204.16.30 
3204.16.50 
3204.17.04 
3204.17.08 
3204.17.20 
3204.17.40 
3204.17.60 
3204.17.90 
3204.18.00 
3204.19.06 
3204.19.11 
3204.19.20 
3204.19.25 
3204.19.30 
3204.19.50 
3204.20.10 
3204.20.80 
3204.90.00 
3205.00.05 
3205.00.15 
3205.00.40 
3205.00.50 
3206.11.00 
3206.19.00 
3206.20.00 
3206.41.00 
3206.42.00 
3206.49.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3206.49.20 
3206.49.30 
3206.49.40 
3206.49.55 
3206.49.60 
3206.50.00 
3207.10.00 
3207.20.00 
3207.30.00 
3207.40.10 
3207.40.50 
3208.10.00 
3208.20.00 
3208.90.00 
3209.10.00 
3209.90.00 
3210.00.00 
3211.00.00 
3212.10.00 
3212.90.00 
3213.10.00 
3213.90.00 
3214.10.00 
3214.90.10 
3214.90.50 
3215.11.10 
3215.11.30 
3215.11.90 
3215.19.10 
3215.19.30 
3215.19.90 
3215.90.10 
3215.90.50 
3301.12.00 
3301.13.00 
3301.19.10 
3301.19.51 
3301.24.00 
3301.25.00 
3301.29.20 
3301.29.51 
3301.30.00 
3301.90.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

3301.90.50 
3302.10.10 
3302.10.20 
3302.10.40 
3302.10.50 
3302.10.90 
3302.90.10 
3302.90.20 
3303.00.10 
3303.00.20 
3303.00.30 
3304.10.00 
3304.20.00 
3304.30.00 
3304.91.00 
3304.99.10 
3304.99.50 
3305.10.00 
3305.20.00 
3305.30.00 
3305.90.00 
3306.20.00 
3306.90.00 
3307.10.10 
3307.10.20 
3307.20.00 
3307.30.10 
3307.30.50 
3307.41.00 
3307.49.00 
3307.90.00 
3401.11.10 
3401.11.50 
3401.19.00 
3401.20.00 
3401.30.10 
3401.30.50 
3402.31.10 
3402.31.90 
3402.39.10 
3402.39.90 
3402.41.10 
3402.41.90 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3402.42.10 
3402.42.20 
3402.42.90 
3402.49.10 
3402.49.90 
3402.50.11 
3402.50.51 
3402.90.10 
3402.90.30 
3402.90.50 
3403.11.20 
3403.11.40 
3403.11.50 
3403.19.10 
3403.19.50 
3403.91.10 
3403.91.50 
3403.99.00 
3404.20.00 
3404.90.10 
3404.90.51 
3405.10.00 
3405.20.00 
3405.30.00 
3405.40.00 
3405.90.00 
3406.00.00 
3501.10.10 
3501.10.50 
3501.90.20 
3501.90.60 
3502.11.00 
3502.19.00 
3502.20.00 
3502.90.00 
3503.00.10 
3503.00.20 
3503.00.40 
3503.00.55 
3504.00.10 
3504.00.50 
3505.10.00 
3505.20.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

3506.10.10 
3506.10.50 
3506.91.10 
3506.91.50 
3506.99.00 
3507.10.00 
3507.90.20 
3507.90.70 
3601.00.00 
3602.00.00 
3603.10.00 
3603.20.00 
3603.30.00 
3603.40.00 
3603.50.00 
3603.60.00 
3604.90.00 
3605.00.00 
3606.10.00 
3606.90.40 
3606.90.80 
3701.10.00 
3701.20.00 
3701.30.00 
3701.91.00 
3701.99.30 
3701.99.60 
3702.10.00 
3702.31.01 
3702.32.01 
3702.39.01 
3702.41.01 
3702.42.01 
3702.43.01 
3702.44.01 
3702.52.01 
3702.53.00 
3702.54.00 
3702.55.00 
3702.56.00 
3702.96.00 
3702.97.00 
3702.98.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3703.10.30 
3703.10.60 
3703.20.30 
3703.20.60 
3703.90.30 
3703.90.60 
3704.00.00 
3705.00.00 
3706.10.30 
3706.10.60 
3706.90.00 
3707.10.00 
3707.90.31 
3707.90.32 
3707.90.60 
3801.10.10 
3801.10.50 
3801.20.00 
3801.30.00 
3801.90.00 
3802.10.00 
3802.90.10 
3802.90.20 
3802.90.50 
3803.00.00 
3804.00.10 
3804.00.50 
3805.10.00 
3805.90.10 
3805.90.50 
3806.10.00 
3806.20.00 
3806.30.00 
3806.90.00 
3807.00.00 
3808.52.00 
3808.59.40 
3808.61.10 
3808.61.50 
3808.62.10 
3808.62.50 
3808.69.10 
3808.69.50 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3808.91.10 
3808.91.15 
3808.91.25 
3808.91.30 
3808.91.50 
3808.92.05 
3808.92.15 
3808.92.24 
3808.92.28 
3808.92.30 
3808.92.50 
3808.93.05 
3808.93.15 
3808.93.20 
3808.93.50 
3808.94.10 
3808.94.50 
3808.99.04 
3808.99.08 
3808.99.30 
3808.99.70 
3808.99.95 
3809.10.00 
3809.91.00 
3809.92.10 
3809.92.50 
3809.93.10 
3809.93.50 
3810.10.00 
3810.90.10 
3810.90.20 
3810.90.50 
3811.11.10 
3811.11.50 
3811.19.00 
3811.21.00 
3811.29.00 
3811.90.00 
3812.10.10 
3812.10.50 
3812.20.10 
3812.20.50 
3812.31.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3812.39.20 
3812.39.30 
3812.39.60 
3812.39.70 
3812.39.90 
3813.00.10 
3813.00.50 
3814.00.10 
3814.00.20 
3814.00.50 
3815.11.00 
3815.12.00 
3815.19.00 
3815.90.10 
3815.90.20 
3815.90.30 
3815.90.50 
3816.00.10 
3816.00.20 
3817.00.10 
3817.00.15 
3817.00.20 
3818.00.00 
3819.00.00 
3820.00.00 
3823.11.00 
3823.12.00 
3823.13.00 
3823.19.20 
3823.19.40 
3823.70.20 
3823.70.40 
3823.70.60 
3824.10.00 
3824.30.00 
3824.40.10 
3824.40.20 
3824.40.50 
3824.50.00 
3824.60.00 
3824.81.00 
3824.82.10 
3824.82.90 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.05 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3824.83.00 
3824.84.00 
3824.85.00 
3824.86.00 
3824.87.00 
3824.88.00 
3824.89.00 
3824.91.00 
3824.92.00 
3824.99.11 
3824.99.19 
3824.99.21 
3824.99.25 
3824.99.26 
3824.99.29 
3824.99.31 
3824.99.32 
3824.99.33 
3824.99.34 
3824.99.35 
3824.99.36 
3824.99.39 
3824.99.41 
3824.99.49 
3824.99.50 
3824.99.55 
3824.99.70 
3824.99.75 
3824.99.93 
3825.10.01 
3825.20.00 
3825.30.00 
3825.41.00 
3825.49.00 
3825.50.00 
3825.61.00 
3825.69.00 
3825.90.01 
3826.00.10 
3826.00.30 
3827.11.00 
3827.12.00 
3827.13.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3827.14.00 
3827.20.00 
3827.31.00 
3827.32.00 
3827.39.00 
3827.40.00 
3827.51.00 
3827.59.00 
3827.61.00 
3827.62.00 
3827.63.00 
3827.64.00 
3827.65.00 
3827.68.00 
3827.69.00 
3827.90.10 
3827.90.90 
3901.10.10 
3901.10.50 
3901.20.10 
3901.20.50 
3901.30.20 
3901.30.60 
3901.40.00 
3901.90.10 
3901.90.55 
3901.90.90 
3902.10.00 
3902.20.10 
3902.20.50 
3902.30.00 
3902.90.00 
3903.11.00 
3903.19.00 
3903.20.00 
3903.30.00 
3903.90.10 
3903.90.50 
3904.10.00 
3904.21.00 
3904.22.00 
3904.30.20 
3904.30.60 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 

3904.40.00 
3904.50.00 
3904.61.00 
3904.69.10 
3904.69.50 
3904.90.10 
3904.90.50 
3905.12.00 
3905.19.00 
3905.21.00 
3905.29.00 
3905.30.00 
3905.91.10 
3905.91.50 
3905.99.30 
3905.99.80 
3906.10.00 
3906.90.10 
3906.90.20 
3906.90.50 
3907.10.00 
3907.21.00 
3907.29.00 
3907.30.00 
3907.40.00 
3907.50.00 
3907.61.00 
3907.69.00 
3907.70.00 
3907.91.20 
3907.91.40 
3907.91.50 
3907.99.20 
3907.99.50 
3908.10.00 
3908.90.20 
3908.90.70 
3909.10.00 
3909.20.00 
3909.31.00 
3909.39.00 
3909.40.00 
3909.50.10 

9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 

3909.50.20 
3909.50.50 
3910.00.00 
3911.10.00 
3911.20.00 
3911.90.10 
3911.90.15 
3911.90.25 
3911.90.35 
3911.90.45 
3911.90.70 
3911.90.91 
3912.11.00 
3912.12.00 
3912.20.00 
3912.31.00 
3912.39.00 
3912.90.00 
3913.10.00 
3913.90.10 
3913.90.20 
3913.90.50 
3914.00.20 
3914.00.60 
3915.10.00 
3915.20.00 
3915.30.00 
3915.90.00 
3916.10.00 
3916.20.00 
3916.90.10 
3916.90.20 
3916.90.30 
3916.90.50 
3917.10.10 
3917.10.60 
3917.10.90 
3917.21.00 
3917.22.00 
3917.23.00 
3917.29.00 
3917.31.00 
3917.32.00 

9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 

3917.33.00 
3917.39.00 
3917.40.00 
3918.10.10 
3918.10.20 
3918.10.31 
3918.10.32 
3918.10.40 
3918.10.50 
3918.90.10 
3918.90.20 
3918.90.30 
3918.90.50 
3919.10.10 
3919.10.20 
3919.90.10 
3919.90.50 
3920.10.00 
3920.20.00 
3920.30.00 
3920.43.10 
3920.43.50 
3920.49.00 
3920.51.10 
3920.51.50 
3920.59.10 
3920.59.40 
3920.59.80 
3920.61.00 
3920.62.00 
3920.63.10 
3920.63.20 
3920.69.00 
3920.71.00 
3920.73.00 
3920.79.05 
3920.79.10 
3920.79.50 
3920.91.00 
3920.92.00 
3920.93.00 
3920.94.00 
3920.99.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 

3920.99.20 
3920.99.50 
3921.11.00 
3921.12.11 
3921.12.15 
3921.12.19 
3921.12.50 
3921.13.11 
3921.13.15 
3921.13.19 
3921.13.50 
3921.14.00 
3921.19.00 
3921.90.11 
3921.90.15 
3921.90.19 
3921.90.21 
3921.90.25 
3921.90.29 
3921.90.40 
3921.90.50 
3922.10.00 
3922.20.00 
3922.90.00 
3923.10.20 
3923.10.90 
3923.21.00 
3923.29.00 
3923.30.00 
3923.40.00 
3923.50.00 
3923.90.00 
3924.10.20 
3924.10.30 
3924.90.05 
3924.90.56 
3925.10.00 
3925.20.00 
3925.30.10 
3925.30.50 
3925.90.00 
3926.20.20 
3926.20.30 

9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

3926.20.60 
3926.20.90 
3926.30.10 
3926.30.50 
3926.90.10 
3926.90.16 
3926.90.21 
3926.90.25 
3926.90.30 
3926.90.35 
3926.90.45 
3926.90.50 
3926.90.55 
3926.90.56 
3926.90.57 
3926.90.59 
3926.90.60 
3926.90.70 
3926.90.83 
3926.90.85 
3926.90.87 
3926.90.94 
3926.90.96 
3926.90.99 
4001.10.00 
4001.21.00 
4001.22.00 
4001.29.00 
4001.30.00 
4002.11.00 
4002.19.00 
4002.20.00 
4002.31.00 
4002.39.00 
4002.41.00 
4002.49.00 
4002.51.00 
4002.59.00 
4002.60.00 
4002.70.00 
4002.80.00 
4002.91.00 
4002.99.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4003.00.00 
4004.00.00 
4005.10.00 
4005.20.00 
4005.91.00 
4005.99.00 
4006.10.00 
4006.90.10 
4006.90.50 
4007.00.00 
4008.11.10 
4008.11.50 
4008.19.20 
4008.19.40 
4008.19.60 
4008.19.80 
4008.21.00 
4008.29.20 
4008.29.40 
4009.11.00 
4009.12.00 
4009.21.00 
4009.22.00 
4009.31.00 
4009.32.00 
4009.41.00 
4009.42.00 
4010.11.00 
4010.12.10 
4010.12.50 
4010.12.55 
4010.12.90 
4010.19.10 
4010.19.50 
4010.19.55 
4010.19.80 
4010.19.91 
4010.31.30 
4010.31.60 
4010.32.30 
4010.32.60 
4010.33.30 
4010.33.60 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4010.34.30 
4010.34.60 
4010.35.30 
4010.35.41 
4010.35.45 
4010.35.50 
4010.35.90 
4010.36.30 
4010.36.41 
4010.36.45 
4010.36.50 
4010.36.90 
4010.39.10 
4010.39.20 
4010.39.30 
4010.39.41 
4010.39.45 
4010.39.50 
4010.39.90 
4011.10.10 
4011.10.50 
4011.20.10 
4011.20.50 
4011.30.00 
4011.40.00 
4011.50.00 
4011.70.00 
4011.80.10 
4011.80.20 
4011.80.80 
4011.90.10 
4011.90.20 
4011.90.80 
4012.11.40 
4012.11.80 
4012.12.40 
4012.12.80 
4012.13.00 
4012.19.20 
4012.19.40 
4012.19.80 
4012.20.10 
4012.20.15 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4012.20.45 
4012.20.60 
4012.20.80 
4012.90.10 
4012.90.30 
4012.90.45 
4012.90.70 
4012.90.90 
4013.10.00 
4013.20.00 
4013.90.10 
4013.90.50 
4015.12.10 
4015.12.90 
4015.19.11 
4015.19.51 
4015.90.00 
4016.10.00 
4016.91.00 
4016.93.10 
4016.93.50 
4016.94.00 
4016.95.00 
4016.99.03 
4016.99.05 
4016.99.10 
4016.99.15 
4016.99.30 
4016.99.35 
4016.99.55 
4016.99.60 
4017.00.00 
4101.20.10 
4101.20.20 
4101.20.30 
4101.20.35 
4101.20.40 
4101.20.50 
4101.20.70 
4101.50.10 
4101.50.20 
4101.50.30 
4101.50.35 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.08 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

4101.50.40 
4101.50.50 
4101.50.70 
4101.90.10 
4101.90.35 
4101.90.40 
4101.90.50 
4101.90.70 
4102.10.10 
4102.10.20 
4102.21.00 
4102.29.10 
4102.29.20 
4102.29.30 
4103.20.10 
4103.20.20 
4103.20.30 
4103.30.10 
4103.30.20 
4103.90.11 
4103.90.12 
4103.90.13 
4103.90.20 
4104.11.10 
4104.11.20 
4104.11.30 
4104.11.40 
4104.11.50 
4104.19.10 
4104.19.20 
4104.19.30 
4104.19.40 
4104.19.50 
4104.41.10 
4104.41.20 
4104.41.30 
4104.41.40 
4104.41.50 
4104.49.10 
4104.49.20 
4104.49.30 
4104.49.40 
4104.49.50 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4105.10.10 
4105.10.90 
4105.30.00 
4106.21.10 
4106.21.90 
4106.22.00 
4106.31.10 
4106.31.90 
4106.32.00 
4106.40.00 
4106.91.00 
4106.92.00 
4107.11.10 
4107.11.20 
4107.11.30 
4107.11.40 
4107.11.50 
4107.11.60 
4107.11.70 
4107.11.80 
4107.12.10 
4107.12.20 
4107.12.30 
4107.12.40 
4107.12.50 
4107.12.60 
4107.12.70 
4107.12.80 
4107.19.10 
4107.19.20 
4107.19.30 
4107.19.40 
4107.19.50 
4107.19.60 
4107.19.70 
4107.19.80 
4107.91.40 
4107.91.50 
4107.91.60 
4107.91.70 
4107.91.80 
4107.92.40 
4107.92.50 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4107.92.60 
4107.92.70 
4107.92.80 
4107.99.40 
4107.99.50 
4107.99.60 
4107.99.70 
4107.99.80 
4112.00.30 
4112.00.60 
4113.10.30 
4113.10.60 
4113.20.00 
4113.30.30 
4113.30.60 
4113.90.30 
4113.90.60 
4114.10.00 
4114.20.30 
4114.20.40 
4114.20.70 
4115.10.00 
4115.20.00 
4201.00.30 
4201.00.60 
4202.11.00 
4202.12.21 
4202.12.29 
4202.12.40 
4202.12.60 
4202.12.81 
4202.12.89 
4202.19.00 
4202.21.30 
4202.21.60 
4202.21.90 
4202.22.15 
4202.22.35 
4202.22.40 
4202.22.45 
4202.22.60 
4202.22.70 
4202.22.81 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4202.22.89 
4202.29.10 
4202.29.20 
4202.29.50 
4202.29.90 
4202.31.30 
4202.31.60 
4202.32.10 
4202.32.20 
4202.32.40 
4202.32.80 
4202.32.85 
4202.32.91 
4202.32.93 
4202.32.99 
4202.39.10 
4202.39.20 
4202.39.50 
4202.39.90 
4202.91.10 
4202.91.90 
4202.92.04 
4202.92.08 
4202.92.10 
4202.92.15 
4202.92.20 
4202.92.31 
4202.92.33 
4202.92.39 
4202.92.45 
4202.92.50 
4202.92.60 
4202.92.91 
4202.92.93 
4202.92.94 
4202.92.97 
4202.99.10 
4202.99.20 
4202.99.30 
4202.99.50 
4202.99.90 
4203.10.20 
4203.10.40 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4203.21.20 
4203.21.40 
4203.21.55 
4203.21.60 
4203.21.70 
4203.21.80 
4203.29.05 
4203.29.08 
4203.29.15 
4203.29.18 
4203.29.20 
4203.29.30 
4203.29.40 
4203.29.50 
4203.30.00 
4203.40.30 
4203.40.60 
4205.00.05 
4205.00.10 
4205.00.20 
4205.00.40 
4205.00.60 
4205.00.80 
4301.10.00 
4301.60.30 
4301.60.60 
4301.80.02 
4302.11.00 
4302.19.13 
4302.19.15 
4302.19.30 
4302.19.45 
4302.19.55 
4302.19.60 
4302.19.75 
4302.20.30 
4302.20.60 
4302.20.90 
4302.30.00 
4303.10.00 
4303.90.00 
4304.00.00 
4401.11.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4401.12.00 
4401.21.00 
4401.22.00 
4401.31.00 
4401.32.00 
4401.39.20 
4401.39.42 
4401.41.00 
4401.49.00 
4402.10.00 
4402.20.00 
4402.90.01 
4403.11.00 
4403.12.00 
4403.21.01 
4403.22.01 
4403.23.01 
4403.24.01 
4403.25.01 
4403.26.01 
4403.41.00 
4403.42.00 
4403.49.02 
4403.91.00 
4403.93.01 
4403.94.01 
4403.95.01 
4403.96.01 
4403.97.00 
4403.98.00 
4403.99.01 
4404.10.00 
4404.20.00 
4405.00.00 
4406.11.00 
4406.12.00 
4406.91.00 
4406.92.00 
4407.11.00 
4407.12.00 
4407.13.00 
4407.14.00 
4407.19.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4407.21.00 
4407.22.00 
4407.23.01 
4407.25.00 
4407.26.00 
4407.27.00 
4407.28.00 
4407.29.02 
4407.91.00 
4407.92.00 
4407.93.00 
4407.94.00 
4407.95.00 
4407.96.00 
4407.97.00 
4407.99.02 
4408.10.01 
4408.31.01 
4408.39.02 
4408.90.01 
4409.10.05 
4409.10.10 
4409.10.20 
4409.10.40 
4409.10.45 
4409.10.50 
4409.10.60 
4409.10.65 
4409.10.90 
4409.21.05 
4409.21.90 
4409.22.05 
4409.22.10 
4409.22.25 
4409.22.40 
4409.22.50 
4409.22.60 
4409.22.65 
4409.22.90 
4409.29.06 
4409.29.11 
4409.29.26 
4409.29.41 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4409.29.51 
4409.29.61 
4409.29.66 
4409.29.91 
4410.11.00 
4410.12.00 
4410.19.00 
4410.90.00 
4411.12.10 
4411.12.20 
4411.12.30 
4411.12.60 
4411.12.90 
4411.13.10 
4411.13.20 
4411.13.30 
4411.13.60 
4411.13.90 
4411.14.10 
4411.14.20 
4411.14.30 
4411.14.60 
4411.14.90 
4411.92.10 
4411.92.20 
4411.92.30 
4411.92.40 
4411.93.10 
4411.93.20 
4411.93.30 
4411.93.60 
4411.93.90 
4411.94.00 
4412.10.05 
4412.10.90 
4412.31.06 
4412.31.26 
4412.31.42 
4412.31.45 
4412.31.48 
4412.31.52 
4412.31.61 
4412.31.92 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4412.33.06 
4412.33.26 
4412.33.32 
4412.33.57 
4412.34.26 
4412.34.32 
4412.34.57 
4412.39.10 
4412.39.30 
4412.39.40 
4412.39.50 
4412.41.00 
4412.42.00 
4412.49.00 
4412.51.10 
4412.51.31 
4412.51.41 
4412.51.51 
4412.52.10 
4412.52.31 
4412.52.41 
4412.52.51 
4412.59.60 
4412.59.70 
4412.59.80 
4412.59.90 
4412.59.95 
4412.91.06 
4412.91.10 
4412.91.31 
4412.91.41 
4412.91.51 
4412.92.07 
4412.92.11 
4412.92.31 
4412.92.42 
4412.92.52 
4412.99.58 
4412.99.61 
4412.99.71 
4412.99.81 
4412.99.91 
4412.99.97 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4413.00.00 
4414.10.00 
4414.90.00 
4415.10.30 
4415.10.60 
4415.10.90 
4415.20.40 
4415.20.80 
4416.00.30 
4416.00.60 
4416.00.90 
4417.00.20 
4417.00.40 
4417.00.60 
4417.00.80 
4418.11.00 
4418.19.00 
4418.21.40 
4418.21.80 
4418.29.40 
4418.29.80 
4418.30.01 
4418.40.00 
4418.50.00 
4418.73.10 
4418.73.20 
4418.73.30 
4418.73.40 
4418.73.60 
4418.73.70 
4418.73.90 
4418.74.10 
4418.74.20 
4418.74.90 
4418.75.40 
4418.75.70 
4418.79.01 
4418.81.00 
4418.82.00 
4418.83.00 
4418.89.00 
4418.91.10 
4418.91.91 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4418.92.00 
4418.99.10 
4418.99.91 
4419.20.90 
4419.90.91 
4420.90.20 
4420.90.45 
4420.90.65 
4420.90.80 
4421.20.10 
4421.20.20 
4421.91.10 
4421.91.20 
4421.91.40 
4421.91.60 
4421.91.70 
4421.91.93 
4421.91.94 
4421.91.98 
4421.99.10 
4421.99.15 
4421.99.20 
4421.99.30 
4421.99.70 
4421.99.88 
4421.99.93 
4421.99.94 
4421.99.98 
4501.10.00 
4501.90.20 
4501.90.40 
4502.00.00 
4503.10.20 
4503.10.30 
4503.10.40 
4503.10.60 
4503.90.20 
4503.90.40 
4503.90.60 
4504.10.10 
4504.10.20 
4504.10.30 
4504.10.40 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4504.10.45 
4504.10.47 
4504.10.50 
4504.90.00 
4601.21.40 
4601.21.80 
4601.21.90 
4601.22.40 
4601.22.80 
4601.22.90 
4601.29.40 
4601.29.60 
4601.29.80 
4601.29.90 
4601.92.05 
4601.92.20 
4601.93.01 
4601.93.05 
4601.93.20 
4601.94.05 
4601.94.20 
4601.94.40 
4601.99.05 
4601.99.90 
4602.11.05 
4602.11.07 
4602.11.09 
4602.11.21 
4602.11.35 
4602.11.45 
4602.12.05 
4602.12.14 
4602.12.16 
4602.12.23 
4602.12.25 
4602.12.35 
4602.12.45 
4602.19.05 
4602.19.12 
4602.19.14 
4602.19.16 
4602.19.17 
4602.19.18 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4602.19.22 
4602.19.23 
4602.19.25 
4602.19.29 
4602.19.35 
4602.19.45 
4602.19.60 
4602.19.80 
4602.90.00 
4701.00.00 
4702.00.00 
4703.11.00 
4703.19.00 
4703.21.00 
4703.29.00 
4704.11.00 
4704.19.00 
4704.21.00 
4704.29.00 
4705.00.00 
4706.10.00 
4706.20.00 
4706.30.00 
4706.91.00 
4706.92.01 
4706.93.01 
4707.10.00 
4707.20.00 
4707.30.00 
4707.90.00 
4801.00.01 
4802.10.00 
4802.20.10 
4802.20.20 
4802.20.40 
4802.40.00 
4802.54.10 
4802.54.20 
4802.54.31 
4802.54.50 
4802.54.61 
4802.55.10 
4802.55.20 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4802.55.30 
4802.55.40 
4802.55.60 
4802.55.70 
4802.56.10 
4802.56.20 
4802.56.30 
4802.56.40 
4802.56.60 
4802.56.70 
4802.57.10 
4802.57.20 
4802.57.30 
4802.57.40 
4802.58.10 
4802.58.20 
4802.58.50 
4802.58.60 
4802.61.10 
4802.61.20 
4802.61.31 
4802.61.50 
4802.61.60 
4802.62.10 
4802.62.20 
4802.62.30 
4802.62.50 
4802.62.61 
4802.69.10 
4802.69.20 
4802.69.30 
4803.00.20 
4803.00.40 
4804.11.00 
4804.19.00 
4804.21.00 
4804.29.00 
4804.31.10 
4804.31.20 
4804.31.40 
4804.31.60 
4804.39.20 
4804.39.40 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4804.39.60 
4804.41.20 
4804.41.40 
4804.42.00 
4804.49.00 
4804.51.00 
4804.52.00 
4804.59.00 
4805.11.00 
4805.12.10 
4805.12.20 
4805.19.10 
4805.19.20 
4805.24.50 
4805.24.70 
4805.24.90 
4805.25.00 
4805.30.00 
4805.40.00 
4805.50.00 
4805.91.10 
4805.91.20 
4805.91.50 
4805.91.70 
4805.91.90 
4805.92.20 
4805.92.40 
4805.93.20 
4805.93.40 
4806.10.00 
4806.20.00 
4806.30.00 
4806.40.00 
4807.00.10 
4807.00.91 
4807.00.92 
4807.00.94 
4808.10.00 
4808.40.00 
4808.90.20 
4808.90.40 
4808.90.60 
4809.20.20 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4809.20.40 
4809.90.20 
4809.90.40 
4809.90.60 
4809.90.71 
4809.90.80 
4810.13.11 
4810.13.13 
4810.13.19 
4810.13.20 
4810.13.50 
4810.13.60 
4810.13.70 
4810.14.11 
4810.14.13 
4810.14.19 
4810.14.20 
4810.14.50 
4810.14.60 
4810.14.70 
4810.19.11 
4810.19.13 
4810.19.19 
4810.19.20 
4810.22.10 
4810.22.50 
4810.22.60 
4810.22.70 
4810.29.10 
4810.29.50 
4810.29.60 
4810.29.70 
4810.31.10 
4810.31.30 
4810.31.65 
4810.32.10 
4810.32.30 
4810.32.65 
4810.39.12 
4810.39.14 
4810.39.30 
4810.39.65 
4810.92.12 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4810.92.14 
4810.92.30 
4810.92.65 
4810.99.10 
4810.99.30 
4810.99.65 
4811.10.11 
4811.10.21 
4811.41.10 
4811.41.21 
4811.41.30 
4811.49.10 
4811.49.21 
4811.49.30 
4811.51.20 
4811.51.40 
4811.51.60 
4811.59.20 
4811.59.40 
4811.59.60 
4811.60.40 
4811.60.60 
4811.90.10 
4811.90.20 
4811.90.30 
4811.90.40 
4811.90.60 
4811.90.80 
4811.90.90 
4812.00.00 
4813.10.00 
4813.20.00 
4813.90.00 
4814.20.00 
4814.90.02 
4816.20.00 
4816.90.01 
4817.10.00 
4817.20.20 
4817.20.40 
4817.30.00 
4818.10.00 
4818.20.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

4818.30.00 
4818.50.00 
4818.90.00 
4819.10.00 
4819.20.00 
4819.30.00 
4819.40.00 
4819.50.20 
4819.50.30 
4819.50.40 
4819.60.00 
4820.10.20 
4820.10.40 
4820.20.00 
4820.30.00 
4820.40.00 
4820.50.00 
4820.90.00 
4821.10.20 
4821.10.40 
4821.90.20 
4821.90.40 
4822.10.00 
4822.90.00 
4823.20.10 
4823.20.90 
4823.40.00 
4823.61.00 
4823.69.00 
4823.70.00 
4823.90.10 
4823.90.20 
4823.90.31 
4823.90.40 
4823.90.50 
4823.90.60 
4823.90.67 
4823.90.70 
4823.90.80 
4823.90.86 
4901.10.00 
4901.91.00 
4901.99.0010 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

4901.99.0020 
4901.99.0030 
4901.99.0050 
4901.99.0060 
4901.99.0065 
4901.99.0070 
4901.99.0075 
4901.99.0091 
4901.99.0092 
4901.99.0093 
4902.10.00 
4902.90.10 
4902.90.20 
4904.00.00 
4905.20.00 
4905.90.20 
4905.90.60 
4906.00.00 
4907.00.00 
4908.10.00 
4908.90.00 
4909.00.20 
4910.00.40 
4910.00.60 
4911.10.00 
4911.91.10 
4911.91.15 
4911.91.40 
4911.99.20 
4911.99.60 
4911.99.80 
5001.00.00 
5002.00.00 
5003.00.10 
5003.00.90 
5004.00.00 
5005.00.00 
5006.00.10 
5006.00.90 
5007.10.30 
5007.10.60 
5007.20.00 
5007.90.30 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5007.90.60 
5101.11.10 
5101.11.20 
5101.11.40 
5101.11.50 
5101.11.60 
5101.19.10 
5101.19.20 
5101.19.40 
5101.19.50 
5101.19.60 
5101.21.10 
5101.21.15 
5101.21.30 
5101.21.35 
5101.21.40 
5101.21.65 
5101.21.70 
5101.29.10 
5101.29.15 
5101.29.30 
5101.29.35 
5101.29.40 
5101.29.65 
5101.29.70 
5101.30.10 
5101.30.15 
5101.30.30 
5101.30.40 
5101.30.65 
5101.30.70 
5102.11.10 
5102.11.90 
5102.19.20 
5102.19.60 
5102.19.80 
5102.19.90 
5102.20.00 
5103.10.00 
5103.20.00 
5103.30.00 
5104.00.00 
5105.10.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5105.21.00 
5105.29.00 
5105.31.00 
5105.39.00 
5105.40.00 
5106.10.00 
5106.20.00 
5107.10.30 
5107.10.60 
5107.20.30 
5107.20.60 
5108.10.30 
5108.10.40 
5108.10.80 
5108.20.30 
5108.20.40 
5108.20.80 
5109.10.20 
5109.10.40 
5109.10.80 
5109.10.90 
5109.90.20 
5109.90.40 
5109.90.80 
5109.90.90 
5110.00.00 
5111.11.20 
5111.11.30 
5111.11.70 
5111.19.10 
5111.19.20 
5111.19.60 
5111.20.05 
5111.20.10 
5111.20.90 
5111.30.05 
5111.30.10 
5111.30.90 
5111.90.30 
5111.90.40 
5111.90.50 
5111.90.90 
5112.11.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5112.11.30 
5112.11.60 
5112.19.20 
5112.19.60 
5112.19.95 
5112.20.10 
5112.20.20 
5112.20.30 
5112.30.10 
5112.30.20 
5112.30.30 
5112.90.30 
5112.90.40 
5112.90.50 
5112.90.90 
5113.00.00 
5201.00.05 
5201.00.12 
5201.00.14 
5201.00.18 
5201.00.22 
5201.00.24 
5201.00.28 
5201.00.34 
5201.00.38 
5201.00.55 
5201.00.60 
5201.00.80 
5202.10.00 
5202.91.00 
5202.99.05 
5202.99.10 
5202.99.30 
5202.99.50 
5203.00.05 
5203.00.10 
5203.00.30 
5203.00.50 
5204.11.00 
5204.19.00 
5204.20.00 
5205.11.10 
5205.11.20 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5205.12.10 
5205.12.20 
5205.13.10 
5205.13.20 
5205.14.10 
5205.14.20 
5205.15.10 
5205.15.20 
5205.21.00 
5205.22.00 
5205.23.00 
5205.24.00 
5205.26.00 
5205.27.00 
5205.28.00 
5205.31.00 
5205.32.00 
5205.33.00 
5205.34.00 
5205.35.00 
5205.41.00 
5205.42.00 
5205.43.00 
5205.44.00 
5205.46.00 
5205.47.00 
5205.48.00 
5206.11.00 
5206.12.00 
5206.13.00 
5206.14.00 
5206.15.00 
5206.21.00 
5206.22.00 
5206.23.00 
5206.24.00 
5206.25.00 
5206.31.00 
5206.32.00 
5206.33.00 
5206.34.00 
5206.35.00 
5206.41.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5206.42.00 
5206.43.00 
5206.44.00 
5206.45.00 
5207.10.00 
5207.90.00 
5208.11.20 
5208.11.40 
5208.11.60 
5208.11.80 
5208.12.40 
5208.12.60 
5208.12.80 
5208.13.00 
5208.19.20 
5208.19.40 
5208.19.60 
5208.19.80 
5208.21.20 
5208.21.40 
5208.21.60 
5208.22.40 
5208.22.60 
5208.22.80 
5208.23.00 
5208.29.20 
5208.29.40 
5208.29.60 
5208.29.80 
5208.31.20 
5208.31.40 
5208.31.60 
5208.31.80 
5208.32.10 
5208.32.30 
5208.32.40 
5208.32.50 
5208.33.00 
5208.39.20 
5208.39.40 
5208.39.60 
5208.39.80 
5208.41.20 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5208.41.40 
5208.41.60 
5208.41.80 
5208.42.10 
5208.42.30 
5208.42.40 
5208.42.50 
5208.43.00 
5208.49.20 
5208.49.40 
5208.49.60 
5208.49.80 
5208.51.20 
5208.51.40 
5208.51.60 
5208.51.80 
5208.52.10 
5208.52.30 
5208.52.40 
5208.52.50 
5208.59.10 
5208.59.20 
5208.59.40 
5208.59.60 
5208.59.80 
5209.11.00 
5209.12.00 
5209.19.00 
5209.21.00 
5209.22.00 
5209.29.00 
5209.31.30 
5209.31.60 
5209.32.00 
5209.39.00 
5209.41.30 
5209.41.60 
5209.42.00 
5209.43.00 
5209.49.00 
5209.51.30 
5209.51.60 
5209.52.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5209.59.00 
5210.11.40 
5210.11.60 
5210.11.80 
5210.19.20 
5210.19.40 
5210.19.60 
5210.19.80 
5210.21.40 
5210.21.60 
5210.21.80 
5210.29.10 
5210.29.20 
5210.29.40 
5210.29.60 
5210.29.80 
5210.31.40 
5210.31.60 
5210.31.80 
5210.32.00 
5210.39.20 
5210.39.40 
5210.39.60 
5210.39.80 
5210.41.40 
5210.41.60 
5210.41.80 
5210.49.10 
5210.49.20 
5210.49.40 
5210.49.60 
5210.49.80 
5210.51.40 
5210.51.60 
5210.51.80 
5210.59.10 
5210.59.20 
5210.59.40 
5210.59.60 
5210.59.80 
5211.11.00 
5211.12.00 
5211.19.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5211.20.21 
5211.20.22 
5211.20.29 
5211.31.00 
5211.32.00 
5211.39.00 
5211.41.00 
5211.42.00 
5211.43.00 
5211.49.00 
5211.51.00 
5211.52.00 
5211.59.00 
5212.11.10 
5212.11.60 
5212.12.10 
5212.12.60 
5212.13.10 
5212.13.60 
5212.14.10 
5212.14.60 
5212.15.10 
5212.15.60 
5212.21.10 
5212.21.60 
5212.22.10 
5212.22.60 
5212.23.10 
5212.23.60 
5212.24.10 
5212.24.60 
5212.25.10 
5212.25.60 
5301.10.00 
5301.21.00 
5301.29.00 
5301.30.00 
5302.10.00 
5302.90.00 
5303.10.00 
5303.90.00 
5305.00.00 
5306.10.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5306.20.00 
5307.10.00 
5307.20.00 
5308.10.00 
5308.20.00 
5308.90.10 
5308.90.90 
5309.11.00 
5309.19.00 
5309.21.20 
5309.21.30 
5309.21.40 
5309.29.20 
5309.29.30 
5309.29.40 
5310.10.00 
5310.90.00 
5311.00.20 
5311.00.30 
5311.00.40 
5311.00.60 
5401.10.00 
5401.20.00 
5402.11.30 
5402.11.60 
5402.19.30 
5402.19.60 
5402.20.30 
5402.31.30 
5402.31.60 
5402.32.30 
5402.32.60 
5402.33.30 
5402.33.60 
5402.34.30 
5402.34.60 
5402.39.31 
5402.39.61 
5402.44.00 
5402.45.10 
5402.45.90 
5402.46.00 
5402.47.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5402.47.90 
5402.48.00 
5402.49.11 
5402.49.91 
5402.51.00 
5402.52.10 
5402.52.90 
5402.53.00 
5402.59.01 
5402.61.00 
5402.62.00 
5402.63.00 
5402.69.01 
5403.10.30 
5403.10.60 
5403.31.00 
5403.32.00 
5403.33.00 
5403.39.10 
5403.39.90 
5403.41.00 
5403.42.00 
5403.49.10 
5403.49.90 
5404.11.00 
5404.12.10 
5404.12.90 
5404.19.10 
5404.19.80 
5404.90.00 
5405.00.30 
5405.00.60 
5406.00.10 
5406.00.20 
5407.10.00 
5407.20.00 
5407.30.10 
5407.30.90 
5407.41.00 
5407.42.00 
5407.43.10 
5407.43.20 
5407.44.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5407.51.00 
5407.52.05 
5407.52.20 
5407.53.10 
5407.53.20 
5407.54.00 
5407.61.11 
5407.61.19 
5407.61.21 
5407.61.29 
5407.61.91 
5407.61.99 
5407.69.10 
5407.69.20 
5407.69.30 
5407.69.40 
5407.69.90 
5407.71.00 
5407.72.00 
5407.73.10 
5407.73.20 
5407.74.00 
5407.81.00 
5407.82.00 
5407.83.00 
5407.84.00 
5407.91.05 
5407.91.10 
5407.91.20 
5407.92.05 
5407.92.10 
5407.92.20 
5407.93.05 
5407.93.10 
5407.93.15 
5407.93.20 
5407.94.05 
5407.94.10 
5407.94.20 
5408.10.00 
5408.21.00 
5408.22.10 
5408.22.90 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5408.23.11 
5408.23.19 
5408.23.21 
5408.23.29 
5408.24.10 
5408.24.90 
5408.31.05 
5408.31.10 
5408.31.20 
5408.32.05 
5408.32.10 
5408.32.30 
5408.32.90 
5408.33.05 
5408.33.10 
5408.33.15 
5408.33.30 
5408.33.90 
5408.34.05 
5408.34.10 
5408.34.30 
5408.34.90 
5501.11.00 
5501.19.00 
5501.20.00 
5501.30.00 
5501.40.00 
5501.90.01 
5502.10.00 
5502.90.00 
5503.11.00 
5503.19.10 
5503.19.90 
5503.20.00 
5503.30.00 
5503.40.00 
5503.90.10 
5503.90.90 
5504.10.00 
5504.90.00 
5505.10.00 
5505.20.00 
5506.10.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5506.20.00 
5506.30.00 
5506.40.00 
5506.90.01 
5507.00.00 
5508.10.00 
5508.20.00 
5509.11.00 
5509.12.00 
5509.21.00 
5509.22.00 
5509.31.00 
5509.32.00 
5509.41.00 
5509.42.00 
5509.51.30 
5509.51.60 
5509.52.00 
5509.53.00 
5509.59.00 
5509.61.00 
5509.62.00 
5509.69.20 
5509.69.40 
5509.69.60 
5509.91.00 
5509.92.00 
5509.99.20 
5509.99.40 
5509.99.60 
5510.11.00 
5510.12.00 
5510.20.00 
5510.30.00 
5510.90.20 
5510.90.40 
5510.90.60 
5511.10.00 
5511.20.00 
5511.30.00 
5512.11.00 
5512.19.00 
5512.21.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5512.29.00 
5512.91.00 
5512.99.00 
5513.11.00 
5513.12.00 
5513.13.00 
5513.19.00 
5513.23.01 
5513.29.00 
5513.31.00 
5513.39.01 
5513.41.00 
5513.49.10 
5513.49.20 
5513.49.90 
5514.11.00 
5514.12.00 
5514.19.10 
5514.19.90 
5514.21.00 
5514.22.00 
5514.23.00 
5514.29.00 
5514.30.31 
5514.30.32 
5514.30.33 
5514.30.39 
5514.41.00 
5514.42.00 
5514.43.00 
5514.49.00 
5515.11.00 
5515.12.00 
5515.13.05 
5515.13.10 
5515.19.00 
5515.21.00 
5515.22.05 
5515.22.10 
5515.29.00 
5515.91.00 
5515.99.05 
5515.99.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5515.99.90 
5516.11.00 
5516.12.00 
5516.13.00 
5516.14.00 
5516.21.00 
5516.22.00 
5516.23.00 
5516.24.00 
5516.31.05 
5516.31.10 
5516.32.05 
5516.32.10 
5516.33.05 
5516.33.10 
5516.34.05 
5516.34.10 
5516.41.00 
5516.42.00 
5516.43.00 
5516.44.00 
5516.91.00 
5516.92.00 
5516.93.00 
5516.94.00 
5601.21.00 
5601.22.00 
5601.29.00 
5601.30.00 
5602.10.10 
5602.10.90 
5602.21.00 
5602.29.00 
5602.90.30 
5602.90.60 
5602.90.90 
5603.11.00 
5603.12.00 
5603.13.00 
5603.14.30 
5603.14.90 
5603.91.00 
5603.92.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5603.93.00 
5603.94.10 
5603.94.30 
5603.94.90 
5604.10.00 
5604.90.20 
5604.90.90 
5605.00.10 
5605.00.90 
5606.00.00 
5607.21.00 
5607.29.00 
5607.41.10 
5607.41.30 
5607.49.10 
5607.49.15 
5607.49.25 
5607.49.30 
5607.50.25 
5607.50.35 
5607.50.40 
5607.90.10 
5607.90.15 
5607.90.25 
5607.90.35 
5607.90.90 
5608.11.00 
5608.19.10 
5608.19.20 
5608.90.10 
5608.90.23 
5608.90.27 
5608.90.30 
5609.00.10 
5609.00.20 
5609.00.30 
5609.00.40 
5701.10.13 
5701.10.16 
5701.10.40 
5701.10.90 
5701.90.10 
5701.90.20 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5702.10.10 
5702.10.90 
5702.20.10 
5702.20.20 
5702.31.10 
5702.31.20 
5702.32.10 
5702.32.20 
5702.39.10 
5702.39.20 
5702.41.10 
5702.41.20 
5702.42.10 
5702.42.20 
5702.49.10 
5702.49.15 
5702.49.20 
5702.50.20 
5702.50.40 
5702.50.52 
5702.50.56 
5702.50.59 
5702.91.20 
5702.91.30 
5702.91.40 
5702.92.10 
5702.92.90 
5702.99.05 
5702.99.15 
5702.99.20 
5703.10.20 
5703.10.80 
5703.21.00 
5703.29.10 
5703.29.20 
5703.31.00 
5703.39.10 
5703.39.20 
5703.90.00 
5704.10.00 
5704.20.00 
5704.90.01 
5705.00.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5705.00.20 
5801.10.00 
5801.21.00 
5801.22.10 
5801.22.90 
5801.23.00 
5801.26.00 
5801.27.10 
5801.27.50 
5801.33.00 
5801.36.00 
5801.37.10 
5801.37.50 
5801.90.10 
5801.90.20 
5802.10.10 
5802.10.90 
5802.20.00 
5802.30.00 
5803.00.10 
5803.00.20 
5803.00.30 
5803.00.40 
5803.00.50 
5803.00.90 
5804.10.10 
5804.10.90 
5804.21.00 
5804.29.10 
5804.29.90 
5804.30.00 
5805.00.10 
5805.00.20 
5805.00.25 
5805.00.30 
5805.00.40 
5806.10.10 
5806.10.24 
5806.10.28 
5806.10.30 
5806.20.00 
5806.31.00 
5806.32.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5806.32.20 
5806.39.10 
5806.39.20 
5806.39.30 
5806.40.00 
5807.10.05 
5807.10.15 
5807.10.20 
5807.90.05 
5807.90.15 
5807.90.20 
5808.10.10 
5808.10.40 
5808.10.50 
5808.10.70 
5808.10.90 
5808.90.00 
5809.00.00 
5810.10.00 
5810.91.00 
5810.92.10 
5810.92.90 
5810.99.10 
5810.99.90 
5811.00.10 
5811.00.20 
5811.00.30 
5811.00.40 
5901.10.10 
5901.10.20 
5901.90.20 
5901.90.40 
5902.10.00 
5902.20.00 
5902.90.00 
5903.10.10 
5903.10.15 
5903.10.18 
5903.10.20 
5903.10.25 
5903.10.30 
5903.20.10 
5903.20.15 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5903.20.18 
5903.20.20 
5903.20.25 
5903.20.30 
5903.90.10 
5903.90.15 
5903.90.18 
5903.90.20 
5903.90.25 
5903.90.30 
5904.10.00 
5904.90.10 
5904.90.90 
5905.00.10 
5905.00.90 
5906.10.00 
5906.91.10 
5906.91.20 
5906.91.25 
5906.91.30 
5906.99.10 
5906.99.20 
5906.99.25 
5906.99.30 
5907.00.05 
5907.00.15 
5907.00.25 
5907.00.35 
5907.00.60 
5907.00.80 
5908.00.00 
5909.00.10 
5909.00.20 
5910.00.10 
5910.00.90 
5911.10.10 
5911.10.20 
5911.20.10 
5911.20.20 
5911.20.30 
5911.31.00 
5911.32.00 
5911.40.01 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

5911.90.00 
6001.10.20 
6001.10.60 
6001.21.00 
6001.29.00 
6001.91.00 
6001.92.00 
6001.99.10 
6001.99.90 
6002.40.40 
6002.40.80 
6002.90.40 
6002.90.80 
6003.10.10 
6003.10.90 
6003.20.10 
6003.20.30 
6003.30.10 
6003.30.60 
6003.40.10 
6003.40.60 
6003.90.10 
6003.90.90 
6004.10.00 
6004.90.20 
6004.90.90 
6005.21.00 
6005.22.00 
6005.23.00 
6005.24.00 
6005.35.00 
6005.36.00 
6005.37.00 
6005.38.00 
6005.39.00 
6005.42.00 
6005.43.00 
6005.44.00 
6005.90.10 
6005.90.90 
6006.10.00 
6006.21.10 
6006.21.90 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

6006.22.10 
6006.22.90 
6006.23.10 
6006.23.90 
6006.24.10 
6006.31.00 
6006.32.00 
6006.33.00 
6006.34.00 
6006.42.00 
6006.43.00 
6006.44.00 
6006.90.10 
6006.90.90 
6101.20.00 
6101.30.10 
6101.30.15 
6101.30.20 
6101.90.05 
6101.90.10 
6101.90.90 
6102.10.00 
6102.20.00 
6102.30.05 
6102.30.10 
6102.30.20 
6102.90.10 
6102.90.90 
6103.10.10 
6103.10.20 
6103.10.30 
6103.10.50 
6103.10.60 
6103.10.90 
6103.22.00 
6103.23.00 
6103.29.05 
6103.29.10 
6103.29.20 
6103.31.00 
6103.32.00 
6103.33.10 
6103.33.20 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6103.39.10 
6103.39.40 
6103.39.80 
6103.41.10 
6103.41.20 
6103.42.10 
6103.42.20 
6103.43.10 
6103.43.15 
6103.43.20 
6103.49.10 
6103.49.20 
6103.49.40 
6103.49.80 
6104.13.10 
6104.19.15 
6104.19.40 
6104.19.50 
6104.19.60 
6104.19.80 
6104.22.00 
6104.23.00 
6104.29.05 
6104.29.10 
6104.31.00 
6104.32.00 
6104.33.20 
6104.39.10 
6104.39.20 
6104.41.00 
6104.42.00 
6104.43.10 
6104.43.20 
6104.44.10 
6104.44.20 
6104.49.10 
6104.49.90 
6104.51.00 
6104.52.00 
6104.53.20 
6104.59.10 
6104.59.40 
6104.59.80 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6104.61.00 
6104.62.10 
6104.62.20 
6104.63.10 
6104.63.15 
6104.63.20 
6104.69.10 
6104.69.20 
6104.69.40 
6104.69.80 
6105.10.00 
6105.20.10 
6105.20.20 
6105.90.10 
6105.90.80 
6106.10.00 
6106.20.10 
6106.20.20 
6106.90.10 
6106.90.15 
6106.90.25 
6106.90.30 
6107.11.00 
6107.12.00 
6107.19.90 
6107.21.00 
6107.22.00 
6107.29.20 
6107.29.50 
6107.29.90 
6107.91.00 
6107.99.50 
6108.11.00 
6108.19.90 
6108.21.00 
6108.22.10 
6108.22.90 
6108.29.90 
6108.31.00 
6108.32.00 
6108.91.00 
6108.92.00 
6108.99.20 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6108.99.90 
6109.10.00 
6109.90.10 
6109.90.15 
6109.90.80 
6110.11.00 
6110.12.20 
6110.19.00 
6110.20.10 
6110.20.20 
6110.30.10 
6110.30.20 
6110.30.30 
6110.90.90 
6111.20.10 
6111.20.20 
6111.20.30 
6111.20.40 
6111.20.50 
6111.20.60 
6111.30.10 
6111.30.20 
6111.30.30 
6111.30.40 
6111.30.50 
6111.90.05 
6111.90.10 
6111.90.20 
6111.90.40 
6111.90.50 
6111.90.70 
6111.90.90 
6112.11.00 
6112.12.00 
6112.19.10 
6112.19.40 
6112.19.80 
6112.20.10 
6112.20.20 
6112.31.00 
6112.39.00 
6112.41.00 
6112.49.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6113.00.10 
6113.00.90 
6114.20.00 
6114.30.10 
6114.30.20 
6114.30.30 
6114.90.05 
6114.90.10 
6115.10.10 
6115.10.15 
6115.10.30 
6115.10.40 
6115.10.55 
6115.10.60 
6115.21.00 
6115.29.40 
6115.30.10 
6115.30.90 
6115.94.00 
6115.95.60 
6115.95.90 
6115.96.60 
6115.99.14 
6115.99.40 
6115.99.90 
6116.10.08 
6116.10.13 
6116.10.17 
6116.10.44 
6116.10.48 
6116.10.55 
6116.10.65 
6116.10.95 
6116.91.00 
6116.92.08 
6116.92.64 
6116.92.88 
6116.92.94 
6116.93.05 
6116.93.08 
6116.93.74 
6116.93.88 
6116.99.35 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6117.10.10 
6117.10.40 
6117.10.60 
6117.80.20 
6117.80.85 
6117.80.95 
6117.90.10 
6117.90.90 
6201.20.11 
6201.20.19 
6201.20.29 
6201.20.35 
6201.20.40 
6201.30.12 
6201.30.20 
6201.30.30 
6201.30.50 
6201.30.60 
6201.30.70 
6201.30.80 
6201.40.10 
6201.40.15 
6201.40.20 
6201.40.25 
6201.40.35 
6201.40.40 
6201.40.45 
6201.40.50 
6201.40.55 
6201.40.60 
6201.40.65 
6201.40.70 
6201.40.75 
6201.90.19 
6201.90.29 
6201.90.39 
6201.90.49 
6201.90.59 
6201.90.69 
6202.20.11 
6202.20.19 
6202.20.29 
6202.20.35 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6202.20.40 
6202.30.12 
6202.30.20 
6202.30.30 
6202.30.40 
6202.30.50 
6202.30.60 
6202.30.70 
6202.30.80 
6202.40.10 
6202.40.15 
6202.40.20 
6202.40.25 
6202.40.40 
6202.40.45 
6202.40.50 
6202.40.55 
6202.40.60 
6202.40.65 
6202.40.70 
6202.40.75 
6202.90.19 
6202.90.29 
6202.90.39 
6202.90.49 
6202.90.59 
6202.90.69 
6203.11.15 
6203.11.30 
6203.11.60 
6203.11.90 
6203.12.10 
6203.12.20 
6203.19.10 
6203.19.50 
6203.22.10 
6203.22.30 
6203.29.10 
6203.29.15 
6203.29.20 
6203.29.30 
6203.31.50 
6203.31.90 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6203.32.10 
6203.32.20 
6203.33.10 
6203.33.20 
6203.39.20 
6203.39.50 
6203.39.90 
6203.41.01 
6203.41.03 
6203.41.06 
6203.41.08 
6203.41.25 
6203.41.30 
6203.41.60 
6203.41.80 
6203.42.03 
6203.42.05 
6203.42.07 
6203.42.17 
6203.42.25 
6203.42.45 
6203.43.03 
6203.43.05 
6203.43.09 
6203.43.11 
6203.43.13 
6203.43.45 
6203.43.55 
6203.43.60 
6203.43.65 
6203.43.70 
6203.43.75 
6203.43.90 
6203.49.01 
6203.49.05 
6203.49.07 
6203.49.09 
6203.49.25 
6203.49.35 
6203.49.50 
6203.49.90 
6204.11.00 
6204.12.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6204.13.10 
6204.13.20 
6204.19.10 
6204.19.20 
6204.19.40 
6204.19.80 
6204.21.00 
6204.22.10 
6204.22.30 
6204.23.00 
6204.29.20 
6204.31.10 
6204.31.20 
6204.32.10 
6204.32.20 
6204.33.10 
6204.33.40 
6204.33.50 
6204.39.20 
6204.39.30 
6204.39.60 
6204.39.80 
6204.41.10 
6204.41.20 
6204.42.10 
6204.42.20 
6204.42.30 
6204.43.10 
6204.43.20 
6204.43.30 
6204.43.40 
6204.44.20 
6204.44.30 
6204.44.40 
6204.49.10 
6204.49.50 
6204.51.00 
6204.52.10 
6204.52.20 
6204.53.10 
6204.53.20 
6204.53.30 
6204.59.10 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6204.59.20 
6204.59.30 
6204.59.40 
6204.61.05 
6204.61.15 
6204.61.60 
6204.61.80 
6204.62.03 
6204.62.05 
6204.62.15 
6204.62.50 
6204.62.60 
6204.62.70 
6204.62.80 
6204.63.01 
6204.63.02 
6204.63.03 
6204.63.08 
6204.63.09 
6204.63.11 
6204.63.50 
6204.63.55 
6204.63.60 
6204.63.65 
6204.63.70 
6204.63.75 
6204.63.90 
6204.69.01 
6204.69.02 
6204.69.03 
6204.69.04 
6204.69.05 
6204.69.06 
6204.69.15 
6204.69.22 
6204.69.28 
6204.69.45 
6204.69.65 
6204.69.80 
6205.20.10 
6205.20.20 
6205.30.10 
6205.30.15 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6205.30.20 
6205.90.05 
6205.90.07 
6205.90.40 
6206.10.00 
6206.20.10 
6206.20.20 
6206.20.30 
6206.30.10 
6206.30.20 
6206.30.30 
6206.40.10 
6206.40.20 
6206.40.25 
6206.40.30 
6206.90.00 
6207.11.00 
6207.19.10 
6207.19.90 
6207.21.00 
6207.22.00 
6207.29.10 
6207.29.90 
6207.91.10 
6207.91.30 
6207.99.20 
6207.99.40 
6207.99.70 
6207.99.85 
6208.11.00 
6208.19.20 
6208.19.50 
6208.19.90 
6208.21.00 
6208.22.00 
6208.29.10 
6208.29.90 
6208.91.10 
6208.91.30 
6208.92.00 
6208.99.20 
6208.99.30 
6208.99.50 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6208.99.80 
6209.20.10 
6209.20.20 
6209.20.30 
6209.20.50 
6209.30.10 
6209.30.20 
6209.30.30 
6209.90.05 
6209.90.10 
6209.90.20 
6209.90.30 
6209.90.50 
6209.90.90 
6210.10.50 
6210.20.50 
6210.20.90 
6210.30.50 
6210.30.70 
6210.30.90 
6210.40.15 
6210.40.25 
6210.40.28 
6210.40.29 
6210.40.55 
6210.40.75 
6210.40.80 
6210.50.05 
6210.50.22 
6210.50.55 
6210.50.75 
6210.50.80 
6211.11.10 
6211.11.40 
6211.11.80 
6211.12.10 
6211.12.40 
6211.12.80 
6211.20.04 
6211.20.08 
6211.20.15 
6211.20.24 
6211.20.28 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6211.20.34 
6211.20.38 
6211.20.44 
6211.20.54 
6211.20.64 
6211.20.68 
6211.20.74 
6211.20.78 
6211.32.50 
6211.32.90 
6211.33.50 
6211.33.90 
6211.39.03 
6211.39.07 
6211.39.15 
6211.39.30 
6211.39.60 
6211.39.80 
6211.42.05 
6211.42.10 
6211.43.05 
6211.43.10 
6211.49.03 
6211.49.15 
6211.49.25 
6211.49.50 
6211.49.60 
6211.49.80 
6212.10.30 
6212.10.50 
6212.10.70 
6212.10.90 
6212.20.00 
6212.30.00 
6212.90.00 
6213.20.20 
6213.90.05 
6213.90.07 
6213.90.20 
6214.10.10 
6214.10.20 
6214.20.00 
6214.40.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6214.90.00 
6215.10.00 
6216.00.05 
6216.00.08 
6216.00.17 
6216.00.19 
6216.00.24 
6216.00.26 
6216.00.29 
6216.00.31 
6216.00.33 
6216.00.38 
6216.00.41 
6216.00.43 
6216.00.46 
6216.00.54 
6216.00.58 
6216.00.80 
6216.00.90 
6217.10.10 
6217.10.95 
6217.90.10 
6217.90.90 
6301.20.00 
6301.30.00 
6302.10.00 
6302.21.30 
6302.21.50 
6302.21.70 
6302.21.90 
6302.29.00 
6302.31.30 
6302.31.50 
6302.31.70 
6302.31.90 
6302.39.00 
6302.40.10 
6302.40.20 
6302.51.20 
6302.51.30 
6302.51.40 
6302.53.00 
6302.59.10 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6302.59.20 
6302.59.30 
6302.60.00 
6302.91.00 
6302.99.10 
6302.99.15 
6302.99.20 
6303.12.00 
6303.19.11 
6303.19.21 
6303.91.00 
6303.92.20 
6303.99.00 
6304.11.10 
6304.19.05 
6304.19.10 
6304.19.30 
6304.20.00 
6304.91.01 
6304.92.00 
6304.99.10 
6304.99.15 
6304.99.25 
6304.99.35 
6304.99.40 
6304.99.60 
6305.10.00 
6305.20.00 
6305.32.00 
6305.33.00 
6305.39.00 
6305.90.00 
6306.19.11 
6306.19.21 
6306.22.10 
6306.22.90 
6306.30.00 
6306.40.41 
6306.40.49 
6307.10.10 
6307.10.20 
6307.90.30 
6307.90.40 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6307.90.50 
6307.90.60 
6307.90.68 
6307.90.72 
6307.90.85 
6307.90.9825 
6307.90.9835 
6307.90.9842 
6307.90.9844 
6307.90.9850 
6307.90.9870 
6307.90.9875 
6307.90.9882 
6307.90.9884 
6307.90.9885 
6307.90.9887 
6307.90.9891 
6308.00.00 
6309.00.00 
6310.10.10 
6310.10.20 
6310.90.10 
6310.90.20 
6401.10.00 
6401.92.30 
6401.92.90 
6401.99.30 
6401.99.60 
6401.99.80 
6402.12.00 
6402.19.15 
6402.19.50 
6402.19.70 
6402.19.90 
6402.91.26 
6402.91.60 
6402.91.80 
6402.91.90 
6402.99.08 
6402.99.21 
6402.99.23 
6402.99.25 
6402.99.27 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.07 
9903.91.07 
9903.91.07 
9903.91.07 
9903.91.07 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6402.99.32 
6402.99.33 
6402.99.49 
6402.99.80 
6402.99.90 
6403.12.30 
6403.12.60 
6403.19.10 
6403.19.20 
6403.19.40 
6403.19.50 
6403.19.70 
6403.20.00 
6403.40.30 
6403.51.11 
6403.51.30 
6403.51.60 
6403.51.90 
6403.59.10 
6403.59.15 
6403.59.30 
6403.59.60 
6403.59.90 
6403.91.11 
6403.91.30 
6403.91.60 
6403.91.90 
6403.99.10 
6403.99.20 
6403.99.40 
6403.99.60 
6403.99.90 
6404.11.20 
6404.11.71 
6404.11.79 
6404.11.81 
6404.11.89 
6404.11.90 
6404.19.15 
6404.19.25 
6404.19.39 
6404.19.79 
6404.19.82 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

6404.19.89 
6404.19.90 
6404.20.20 
6404.20.40 
6404.20.60 
6405.10.00 
6405.20.60 
6405.90.20 
6406.10.05 
6406.10.20 
6406.10.25 
6406.10.30 
6406.10.35 
6406.10.40 
6406.10.45 
6406.10.50 
6406.10.60 
6406.10.65 
6406.10.70 
6406.10.72 
6406.10.77 
6406.10.85 
6406.10.90 
6406.20.00 
6406.90.10 
6406.90.15 
6406.90.60 
6406.90.90 
6501.00.30 
6501.00.60 
6501.00.90 
6502.00.20 
6502.00.40 
6502.00.60 
6502.00.90 
6504.00.30 
6504.00.60 
6504.00.90 
6505.00.01 
6505.00.04 
6505.00.08 
6505.00.15 
6505.00.20 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

6505.00.25 
6505.00.30 
6505.00.40 
6505.00.50 
6505.00.60 
6505.00.70 
6505.00.80 
6505.00.90 
6506.10.30 
6506.10.60 
6506.91.00 
6506.99.30 
6506.99.60 
6507.00.00 
6602.00.00 
6603.90.41 
6701.00.30 
6701.00.60 
6702.90.10 
6702.90.65 
6703.00.30 
6703.00.60 
6704.11.00 
6704.19.00 
6704.90.00 
6801.00.00 
6802.10.00 
6802.21.10 
6802.21.50 
6802.23.00 
6802.29.10 
6802.29.90 
6802.91.05 
6802.91.15 
6802.91.20 
6802.91.25 
6802.91.30 
6802.92.00 
6802.93.00 
6802.99.00 
6803.00.10 
6803.00.50 
6804.10.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

6804.21.00 
6804.22.10 
6804.22.40 
6804.22.60 
6804.23.00 
6804.30.00 
6805.10.00 
6805.20.00 
6805.30.10 
6805.30.50 
6806.10.00 
6806.20.00 
6806.90.00 
6807.10.00 
6807.90.00 
6808.00.00 
6809.11.00 
6809.19.00 
6809.90.00 
6810.11.00 
6810.19.12 
6810.19.14 
6810.19.50 
6810.91.00 
6810.99.00 
6811.40.00 
6811.81.00 
6811.82.00 
6811.89.10 
6811.89.90 
6812.80.10 
6812.80.90 
6812.91.10 
6812.91.90 
6812.99.10 
6812.99.20 
6812.99.90 
6813.20.00 
6813.81.00 
6813.89.00 
6814.10.00 
6814.90.00 
6815.11.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

6815.12.00 
6815.13.00 
6815.19.00 
6815.20.00 
6815.91.00 
6815.99.20 
6815.99.41 
6901.00.00 
6902.10.10 
6902.10.50 
6902.20.10 
6902.20.50 
6902.90.10 
6902.90.50 
6903.10.00 
6903.20.00 
6903.90.00 
6904.10.00 
6904.90.00 
6905.10.00 
6905.90.00 
6906.00.00 
6907.21.10 
6907.21.20 
6907.21.30 
6907.21.40 
6907.21.90 
6907.22.10 
6907.22.20 
6907.22.30 
6907.22.40 
6907.22.90 
6907.23.10 
6907.23.20 
6907.23.30 
6907.23.40 
6907.23.90 
6907.30.10 
6907.30.20 
6907.30.30 
6907.30.40 
6907.30.90 
6907.40.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

6907.40.20 
6907.40.30 
6907.40.40 
6907.40.90 
6909.11.20 
6909.11.40 
6909.12.00 
6909.19.10 
6909.19.50 
6909.90.00 
6910.90.00 
6911.10.10 
6911.10.25 
6911.10.35 
6911.10.37 
6911.10.38 
6911.10.52 
6911.10.58 
6911.10.60 
6911.10.80 
6911.90.00 
6912.00.10 
6913.10.10 
6913.10.20 
6913.10.50 
6913.90.10 
6913.90.20 
6913.90.30 
6913.90.50 
6914.10.40 
6914.10.80 
6914.90.41 
6914.90.80 
7001.00.10 
7001.00.20 
7001.00.51 
7002.10.10 
7002.10.20 
7002.20.10 
7002.20.50 
7002.31.00 
7002.32.00 
7002.39.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7003.12.00 
7003.19.00 
7003.20.00 
7003.30.00 
7004.20.10 
7004.20.20 
7004.20.50 
7004.90.05 
7004.90.10 
7004.90.15 
7004.90.20 
7004.90.25 
7004.90.30 
7004.90.40 
7004.90.50 
7005.10.40 
7005.10.80 
7005.21.10 
7005.21.20 
7005.29.04 
7005.29.08 
7005.29.14 
7005.29.18 
7005.29.25 
7005.30.00 
7006.00.10 
7006.00.20 
7006.00.40 
7007.11.00 
7007.19.00 
7007.21.11 
7007.21.51 
7007.29.00 
7008.00.00 
7009.10.00 
7009.91.10 
7009.91.50 
7009.92.10 
7009.92.50 
7010.10.00 
7010.20.20 
7010.20.30 
7010.90.05 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7010.90.20 
7010.90.30 
7010.90.50 
7011.10.10 
7011.10.50 
7011.20.10 
7011.20.45 
7011.20.85 
7011.90.00 
7013.10.10 
7013.10.50 
7013.22.10 
7013.22.20 
7013.22.30 
7013.22.50 
7013.28.05 
7013.28.10 
7013.28.20 
7013.28.30 
7013.28.40 
7013.28.50 
7013.28.60 
7013.33.10 
7013.33.20 
7013.33.30 
7013.33.50 
7013.37.05 
7013.37.10 
7013.37.20 
7013.37.30 
7013.37.40 
7013.37.50 
7013.37.60 
7013.41.10 
7013.41.20 
7013.41.30 
7013.41.50 
7013.42.20 
7013.42.40 
7013.49.10 
7013.49.20 
7013.49.30 
7013.49.40 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

7013.49.60 
7013.91.30 
7013.91.50 
7013.99.10 
7013.99.30 
7013.99.35 
7013.99.70 
7013.99.90 
7014.00.10 
7014.00.20 
7014.00.30 
7014.00.50 
7015.10.00 
7015.90.10 
7015.90.20 
7015.90.50 
7016.10.00 
7016.90.10 
7016.90.50 
7017.10.30 
7017.10.60 
7017.20.00 
7017.90.10 
7017.90.50 
7018.10.10 
7018.10.20 
7018.10.50 
7018.20.00 
7018.90.10 
7018.90.50 
7019.11.00 
7019.12.00 
7019.13.05 
7019.13.15 
7019.13.24 
7019.13.28 
7019.13.35 
7019.14.00 
7019.15.00 
7019.19.70 
7019.19.91 
7019.61.05 
7019.61.10 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7019.61.30 
7019.61.40 
7019.61.70 
7019.61.90 
7019.62.05 
7019.62.15 
7019.62.30 
7019.62.40 
7019.62.70 
7019.62.90 
7019.63.05 
7019.63.15 
7019.63.30 
7019.63.40 
7019.63.70 
7019.63.90 
7019.64.05 
7019.64.15 
7019.64.30 
7019.64.40 
7019.64.70 
7019.64.90 
7019.65.51 
7019.65.90 
7019.66.30 
7019.66.40 
7019.66.70 
7019.66.90 
7019.69.30 
7019.69.40 
7019.69.70 
7019.69.90 
7019.71.00 
7019.72.05 
7019.72.15 
7019.72.30 
7019.72.40 
7019.72.70 
7019.72.90 
7019.73.51 
7019.73.90 
7019.80.10 
7019.80.90 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7019.90.11 
7019.90.51 
7020.00.30 
7020.00.40 
7020.00.60 
7101.10.30 
7101.10.60 
7101.21.00 
7101.22.30 
7101.22.60 
7102.10.00 
7102.21.10 
7102.21.30 
7102.21.40 
7102.29.00 
7102.31.00 
7102.39.00 
7103.10.20 
7103.10.40 
7103.91.00 
7103.99.10 
7103.99.50 
7104.10.00 
7104.21.00 
7104.29.00 
7104.91.10 
7104.91.50 
7104.99.10 
7104.99.50 
7105.10.00 
7105.90.00 
7106.10.00 
7106.91.10 
7106.91.50 
7106.92.10 
7106.92.50 
7107.00.00 
7108.11.00 
7108.12.10 
7108.12.50 
7108.13.10 
7108.13.55 
7108.13.70 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7108.20.00 
7109.00.00 
7110.11.00 
7110.19.00 
7110.21.00 
7110.29.00 
7110.31.00 
7110.39.00 
7110.41.00 
7110.49.00 
7111.00.00 
7112.30.01 
7112.91.01 
7112.92.01 
7112.99.01 
7113.11.10 
7113.11.20 
7113.11.50 
7113.19.10 
7113.19.21 
7113.19.25 
7113.19.29 
7113.19.30 
7113.19.50 
7113.20.10 
7113.20.21 
7113.20.25 
7113.20.29 
7113.20.30 
7113.20.50 
7114.11.10 
7114.11.20 
7114.11.30 
7114.11.40 
7114.11.45 
7114.11.50 
7114.11.60 
7114.11.70 
7114.19.00 
7114.20.00 
7115.10.00 
7115.90.05 
7115.90.30 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7115.90.40 
7115.90.60 
7116.10.25 
7116.20.15 
7116.20.30 
7116.20.35 
7116.20.40 
7116.20.50 
7117.11.00 
7117.19.15 
7117.19.20 
7117.19.30 
7117.19.60 
7117.19.90 
7117.90.10 
7117.90.20 
7117.90.30 
7117.90.55 
7117.90.90 
7118.10.00 
7118.90.00 
7201.10.00 
7201.20.00 
7201.50.30 
7201.50.60 
7202.11.10 
7202.11.50 
7202.19.10 
7202.19.50 
7202.21.10 
7202.21.50 
7202.21.75 
7202.21.90 
7202.29.00 
7202.30.00 
7202.41.00 
7202.49.10 
7202.49.50 
7202.50.00 
7202.60.00 
7202.80.00 
7202.91.00 
7202.92.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7202.93.40 
7202.93.80 
7202.99.10 
7202.99.20 
7203.10.00 
7203.90.00 
7204.10.00 
7204.21.00 
7204.29.00 
7204.30.00 
7204.41.00 
7204.49.00 
7204.50.00 
7205.10.00 
7205.21.00 
7205.29.00 
7206.10.00 
7206.90.00 
7207.11.00 
7207.12.00 
7207.19.00 
7207.20.00 
7208.10.15 
7208.10.30 
7208.10.60 
7208.25.30 
7208.25.60 
7208.26.00 
7208.27.00 
7208.36.00 
7208.37.00 
7208.38.00 
7208.39.00 
7208.40.30 
7208.40.60 
7208.51.00 
7208.52.00 
7208.53.00 
7208.54.00 
7208.90.00 
7209.15.00 
7209.16.00 
7209.17.00 

9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 

7209.18.15 
7209.18.25 
7209.18.60 
7209.25.00 
7209.26.00 
7209.27.00 
7209.28.00 
7209.90.00 
7210.11.00 
7210.12.00 
7210.20.00 
7210.30.00 
7210.41.00 
7210.49.00 
7210.50.00 
7210.61.00 
7210.69.00 
7210.70.30 
7210.70.60 
7210.90.10 
7210.90.60 
7210.90.90 
7211.13.00 
7211.14.00 
7211.19.15 
7211.19.20 
7211.19.30 
7211.19.45 
7211.19.60 
7211.19.75 
7211.23.15 
7211.23.20 
7211.23.30 
7211.23.45 
7211.23.60 
7211.29.20 
7211.29.45 
7211.29.60 
7211.90.00 
7212.10.00 
7212.20.00 
7212.30.10 
7212.30.30 

9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 

7212.30.50 
7212.40.10 
7212.40.50 
7212.50.00 
7212.60.00 
7213.10.00 
7213.20.00 
7213.91.30 
7213.91.45 
7213.91.60 
7213.99.00 
7214.20.00 
7214.30.00 
7214.91.00 
7214.99.00 
7215.10.00 
7215.50.00 
7215.90.10 
7215.90.30 
7215.90.50 
7216.10.00 
7216.21.00 
7216.22.00 
7216.31.00 
7216.32.00 
7216.33.00 
7216.40.00 
7216.50.00 
7216.61.00 
7216.69.00 
7216.91.00 
7216.99.00 
7217.10.10 
7217.10.20 
7217.10.30 
7217.10.40 
7217.10.50 
7217.10.60 
7217.10.70 
7217.10.80 
7217.10.90 
7217.20.15 
7217.20.30 

9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 

7217.20.45 
7217.20.60 
7217.20.75 
7217.30.15 
7217.30.30 
7217.30.45 
7217.30.60 
7217.30.75 
7217.90.10 
7217.90.50 
7218.10.00 
7218.91.00 
7218.99.00 
7219.11.00 
7219.12.00 
7219.13.00 
7219.14.00 
7219.21.00 
7219.22.00 
7219.23.00 
7219.24.00 
7219.31.00 
7219.32.00 
7219.33.00 
7219.34.00 
7219.35.00 
7219.90.00 
7220.11.00 
7220.12.10 
7220.12.50 
7220.20.10 
7220.20.60 
7220.20.70 
7220.20.80 
7220.20.90 
7220.90.00 
7221.00.00 
7222.11.00 
7222.19.00 
7222.20.00 
7222.30.00 
7222.40.30 
7222.40.60 

9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 

7223.00.10 
7223.00.50 
7223.00.90 
7224.10.00 
7224.90.00 
7225.11.00 
7225.19.00 
7225.30.11 
7225.30.30 
7225.30.51 
7225.30.70 
7225.40.11 
7225.40.30 
7225.40.51 
7225.40.70 
7225.50.11 
7225.50.60 
7225.50.70 
7225.50.80 
7225.91.00 
7225.92.00 
7225.99.00 
7226.11.10 
7226.11.90 
7226.19.10 
7226.19.90 
7226.20.00 
7226.91.05 
7226.91.15 
7226.91.25 
7226.91.50 
7226.91.70 
7226.91.80 
7226.92.10 
7226.92.30 
7226.92.50 
7226.92.70 
7226.92.80 
7226.99.01 
7227.10.00 
7227.20.00 
7227.90.10 
7227.90.20 

9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 

7227.90.60 
7228.10.00 
7228.20.10 
7228.20.50 
7228.30.20 
7228.30.40 
7228.30.60 
7228.30.80 
7228.40.00 
7228.50.10 
7228.50.50 
7228.60.10 
7228.60.60 
7228.60.80 
7228.70.30 
7228.70.60 
7228.80.00 
7229.20.00 
7229.90.05 
7229.90.10 
7229.90.50 
7229.90.90 
7301.10.00 
7301.20.10 
7301.20.50 
7302.10.10 
7302.10.50 
7302.30.00 
7302.40.00 
7302.90.10 
7302.90.90 
7303.00.00 
7304.11.00 
7304.19.10 
7304.19.50 
7304.22.00 
7304.23.30 
7304.23.60 
7304.24.30 
7304.24.40 
7304.24.60 
7304.29.10 
7304.29.20 

9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 

7304.29.31 
7304.29.41 
7304.29.50 
7304.29.61 
7304.31.30 
7304.31.60 
7304.39.00 
7304.41.30 
7304.41.60 
7304.49.00 
7304.51.10 
7304.51.50 
7304.59.10 
7304.59.20 
7304.59.60 
7304.59.80 
7304.90.10 
7304.90.30 
7304.90.50 
7304.90.70 
7305.11.10 
7305.11.50 
7305.12.10 
7305.12.50 
7305.19.10 
7305.19.50 
7305.20.20 
7305.20.40 
7305.20.60 
7305.20.80 
7305.31.20 
7305.31.40 
7305.31.60 
7305.39.10 
7305.39.50 
7305.90.10 
7305.90.50 
7306.11.00 
7306.19.10 
7306.19.51 
7306.21.30 
7306.21.40 
7306.21.80 

9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 

7306.29.10 
7306.29.20 
7306.29.31 
7306.29.41 
7306.29.60 
7306.29.81 
7306.30.10 
7306.30.30 
7306.30.50 
7306.40.10 
7306.40.50 
7306.50.10 
7306.50.30 
7306.50.50 
7306.61.10 
7306.61.30 
7306.61.50 
7306.61.70 
7306.69.10 
7306.69.30 
7306.69.50 
7306.69.70 
7306.90.10 
7306.90.50 
7307.11.00 
7307.19.30 
7307.19.90 
7307.21.10 
7307.21.50 
7307.22.10 
7307.22.50 
7307.23.00 
7307.29.00 
7307.91.10 
7307.91.30 
7307.91.50 
7307.92.30 
7307.92.90 
7307.93.30 
7307.93.60 
7307.93.90 
7307.99.10 
7307.99.30 

9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7307.99.50 
7308.10.00 
7308.20.00 
7308.30.10 
7308.30.50 
7308.40.00 
7308.90.30 
7308.90.60 
7308.90.70 
7308.90.95 
7309.00.00 
7310.10.00 
7310.21.00 
7310.29.00 
7311.00.00 
7312.10.05 
7312.10.10 
7312.10.20 
7312.10.30 
7312.10.50 
7312.10.60 
7312.10.70 
7312.10.80 
7312.10.90 
7312.90.00 
7313.00.00 
7314.12.10 
7314.12.20 
7314.12.30 
7314.12.60 
7314.12.90 
7314.14.10 
7314.14.20 
7314.14.30 
7314.14.60 
7314.14.90 
7314.19.01 
7314.20.00 
7314.31.10 
7314.31.50 
7314.39.00 
7314.41.00 
7314.42.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7314.49.30 
7314.49.60 
7314.50.00 
7315.11.00 
7315.12.00 
7315.19.00 
7315.20.10 
7315.20.50 
7315.81.00 
7315.82.10 
7315.82.30 
7315.82.50 
7315.82.70 
7315.89.10 
7315.89.30 
7315.89.50 
7315.90.00 
7316.00.00 
7317.00.10 
7317.00.20 
7317.00.30 
7317.00.55 
7317.00.65 
7317.00.75 
7318.11.00 
7318.12.00 
7318.13.00 
7318.14.10 
7318.14.50 
7318.15.20 
7318.15.40 
7318.15.50 
7318.15.60 
7318.15.80 
7318.16.00 
7318.19.00 
7318.21.00 
7318.22.00 
7318.23.00 
7318.24.00 
7318.29.00 
7319.40.20 
7319.40.30 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

7319.40.50 
7319.90.10 
7319.90.90 
7320.10.30 
7320.10.60 
7320.10.90 
7320.20.10 
7320.20.50 
7320.90.10 
7320.90.50 
7321.11.10 
7321.11.30 
7321.11.60 
7321.81.50 
7321.82.10 
7321.82.50 
7321.89.00 
7321.90.10 
7321.90.20 
7321.90.40 
7321.90.50 
7321.90.60 
7322.11.00 
7322.19.00 
7322.90.00 
7323.10.00 
7323.91.10 
7323.92.00 
7323.94.00 
7323.99.10 
7323.99.90 
7324.10.00 
7324.21.10 
7324.21.50 
7324.29.00 
7324.90.00 
7325.10.00 
7325.91.00 
7325.99.10 
7325.99.50 
7326.11.00 
7326.19.00 
7326.20.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7326.90.10 
7326.90.25 
7326.90.35 
7326.90.45 
7326.90.60 
7326.90.86 
7402.00.00 
7403.11.00 
7403.12.00 
7403.13.00 
7403.19.00 
7403.21.00 
7403.22.00 
7403.29.01 
7404.00.30 
7404.00.60 
7405.00.10 
7405.00.60 
7406.10.00 
7406.20.00 
7407.10.15 
7407.10.30 
7407.10.50 
7407.21.15 
7407.21.30 
7407.21.50 
7407.21.70 
7407.21.90 
7407.29.16 
7407.29.34 
7407.29.38 
7407.29.40 
7407.29.50 
7408.11.30 
7408.11.60 
7408.19.00 
7408.21.00 
7408.22.10 
7408.22.50 
7408.29.10 
7408.29.50 
7409.11.10 
7409.11.50 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7409.19.10 
7409.19.50 
7409.19.90 
7409.21.00 
7409.29.00 
7409.31.10 
7409.31.50 
7409.31.90 
7409.39.10 
7409.39.50 
7409.39.90 
7409.40.00 
7409.90.10 
7409.90.50 
7409.90.90 
7410.11.00 
7410.12.00 
7410.21.30 
7410.21.60 
7410.22.00 
7411.10.10 
7411.10.50 
7411.21.10 
7411.21.50 
7411.22.00 
7411.29.10 
7411.29.50 
7412.10.00 
7412.20.00 
7413.00.10 
7413.00.50 
7413.00.90 
7415.10.00 
7415.21.00 
7415.29.00 
7415.33.05 
7415.33.10 
7415.33.80 
7415.39.00 
7418.10.00 
7418.20.10 
7418.20.50 
7419.20.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7419.80.03 
7419.80.06 
7419.80.09 
7419.80.15 
7419.80.16 
7419.80.17 
7419.80.30 
7419.80.50 
7501.10.00 
7501.20.00 
7502.10.00 
7502.20.00 
7503.00.00 
7504.00.00 
7505.11.10 
7505.11.30 
7505.11.50 
7505.12.10 
7505.12.30 
7505.12.50 
7505.21.10 
7505.21.50 
7505.22.10 
7505.22.50 
7506.10.05 
7506.10.10 
7506.10.30 
7506.20.05 
7506.20.10 
7506.20.30 
7507.11.00 
7507.12.00 
7507.20.00 
7508.10.00 
7508.90.10 
7508.90.50 
7601.10.30 
7601.10.60 
7601.20.30 
7601.20.60 
7601.20.90 
7602.00.00 
7603.10.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7603.20.00 
7604.10.10 
7604.10.30 
7604.10.50 
7604.21.00 
7604.29.10 
7604.29.30 
7604.29.50 
7605.11.00 
7605.19.00 
7605.21.00 
7605.29.00 
7606.11.30 
7606.11.60 
7606.12.30 
7606.12.60 
7606.91.30 
7606.91.60 
7606.92.30 
7606.92.60 
7607.11.30 
7607.11.60 
7607.11.90 
7607.19.10 
7607.19.30 
7607.19.60 
7607.20.10 
7607.20.50 
7608.10.00 
7608.20.00 
7609.00.00 
7610.10.00 
7610.90.00 
7611.00.00 
7612.10.00 
7612.90.10 
7612.90.50 
7613.00.00 
7614.10.10 
7614.10.50 
7614.90.20 
7614.90.40 
7614.90.50 

9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

7615.10.11 
7615.10.30 
7615.10.50 
7615.10.91 
7615.20.00 
7616.10.10 
7616.10.30 
7616.10.50 
7616.10.70 
7616.10.90 
7616.91.00 
7616.99.10 
7616.99.51 
7801.91.00 
7801.99.30 
7801.99.90 
7804.11.00 
7804.19.00 
7804.20.00 
7806.00.03 
7806.00.05 
7806.00.80 
7901.11.00 
7901.12.10 
7901.12.50 
7901.20.00 
7903.10.00 
7903.90.30 
7903.90.60 
7904.00.00 
7905.00.00 
7907.00.20 
7907.00.60 
8001.10.00 
8001.20.00 
8007.00.10 
8007.00.50 
8101.10.00 
8101.94.00 
8101.96.00 
8101.99.10 
8101.99.80 
8102.96.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.91.11 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.11 
9903.91.11 
9903.88.03 

8103.20.00 
8104.30.00 
8104.90.00 
8105.20.30 
8105.20.60 
8105.20.90 
8105.30.00 
8105.90.00 
8106.10.00 
8106.90.00 
8108.20.00 
8108.30.00 
8108.90.30 
8108.90.60 
8109.31.00 
8109.39.00 
8109.91.00 
8109.99.00 
8112.12.00 
8112.13.00 
8112.19.00 
8112.21.00 
8112.29.00 
8112.31.00 
8112.39.00 
8112.41.10 
8112.41.50 
8112.49.00 
8112.51.00 
8112.52.00 
8112.59.00 
8112.61.00 
8112.69.10 
8112.69.90 
8112.92.07 
8112.92.10 
8112.92.30 
8112.92.40 
8112.92.65 
8112.92.70 
8112.99.10 
8112.99.20 
8112.99.91 

9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

8113.00.00 
8201.10.00 
8201.30.00 
8201.40.30 
8201.40.60 
8201.50.00 
8201.60.00 
8201.90.30 
8201.90.40 
8201.90.60 
8202.10.00 
8202.20.00 
8202.31.00 
8202.39.00 
8202.40.30 
8202.40.60 
8202.91.30 
8202.91.60 
8202.99.00 
8203.10.30 
8203.10.60 
8203.10.90 
8203.20.20 
8203.20.40 
8203.20.60 
8203.20.80 
8203.30.00 
8203.40.30 
8203.40.60 
8204.11.00 
8204.12.00 
8204.20.00 
8205.10.00 
8205.20.30 
8205.20.60 
8205.30.30 
8205.30.60 
8205.40.00 
8205.51.15 
8205.51.30 
8205.51.45 
8205.51.60 
8205.51.75 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

8205.59.10 
8205.59.20 
8205.59.30 
8205.59.45 
8205.59.55 
8205.59.60 
8205.59.70 
8205.59.80 
8205.60.00 
8205.70.00 
8205.90.10 
8205.90.60 
8206.00.00 
8207.13.00 
8207.19.30 
8207.19.60 
8207.20.00 
8207.30.30 
8207.30.60 
8207.40.30 
8207.40.60 
8207.50.20 
8207.50.40 
8207.50.60 
8207.50.80 
8207.60.00 
8207.70.30 
8207.70.60 
8207.80.30 
8207.80.60 
8207.90.15 
8207.90.30 
8207.90.45 
8207.90.60 
8207.90.75 
8208.10.00 
8208.20.00 
8208.30.00 
8208.40.30 
8208.40.60 
8208.90.30 
8208.90.60 
8209.00.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

8210.00.00 
8211.91.10 
8211.91.20 
8211.91.25 
8211.91.50 
8211.91.80 
8211.92.20 
8211.92.60 
8211.92.90 
8211.93.00 
8211.94.10 
8211.94.50 
8211.95.10 
8211.95.50 
8211.95.90 
8212.10.00 
8212.20.00 
8212.90.00 
8214.20.60 
8214.90.30 
8215.10.00 
8215.20.00 
8215.91.30 
8215.91.60 
8215.91.90 
8215.99.05 
8215.99.15 
8215.99.24 
8215.99.26 
8215.99.35 
8215.99.45 
8301.10.20 
8301.10.40 
8301.10.60 
8301.10.80 
8301.20.00 
8301.30.00 
8301.40.60 
8301.50.00 
8301.60.00 
8301.70.00 
8302.10.30 
8302.10.60 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 

8302.10.90 
8302.20.00 
8302.30.30 
8302.30.60 
8302.41.30 
8302.41.60 
8302.41.90 
8302.42.30 
8302.42.60 
8302.49.20 
8302.49.40 
8302.49.60 
8302.49.80 
8302.50.00 
8302.60.30 
8302.60.90 
8303.00.00 
8305.10.00 
8305.20.00 
8305.90.60 
8306.21.00 
8306.30.00 
8307.10.30 
8307.10.60 
8307.90.30 
8307.90.60 
8308.10.00 
8308.20.30 
8308.20.60 
8308.90.30 
8308.90.60 
8308.90.90 
8309.10.00 
8309.90.00 
8310.00.00 
8311.10.00 
8311.20.00 
8311.30.30 
8311.30.60 
8311.90.00 
8401.10.00 
8401.20.00 
8401.30.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8401.40.00 
8402.11.00 
8402.12.00 
8402.19.00 
8402.20.00 
8402.90.00 
8403.10.00 
8403.90.00 
8404.10.00 
8404.20.00 
8404.90.00 
8405.10.00 
8405.90.00 
8406.10.10 
8406.10.90 
8406.81.10 
8406.81.90 
8406.82.10 
8406.82.90 
8406.90.20 
8406.90.30 
8406.90.40 
8406.90.45 
8406.90.50 
8406.90.60 
8406.90.70 
8406.90.75 
8407.10.00 
8407.21.00 
8407.29.00 
8407.31.00 
8407.32.10 
8407.32.20 
8407.32.90 
8407.33.10 
8407.33.30 
8407.33.60 
8407.33.90 
8407.34.05 
8407.34.14 
8407.34.18 
8407.34.25 
8407.34.35 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 

8407.34.44 
8407.34.48 
8407.34.55 
8407.90.10 
8407.90.90 
8408.10.00 
8408.20.10 
8408.20.20 
8408.20.90 
8408.90.10 
8408.90.90 
8409.10.00 
8409.91.10 
8409.91.30 
8409.91.50 
8409.91.92 
8409.91.99 
8409.99.10 
8409.99.91 
8409.99.92 
8409.99.99 
8410.11.00 
8410.12.00 
8410.13.00 
8410.90.00 
8411.11.40 
8411.11.80 
8411.12.40 
8411.12.80 
8411.21.40 
8411.21.80 
8411.22.40 
8411.22.80 
8411.81.40 
8411.81.80 
8411.82.40 
8411.82.80 
8411.91.10 
8411.91.90 
8411.99.10 
8411.99.90 
8412.10.00 
8412.21.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8412.29.40 
8412.29.80 
8412.31.00 
8412.39.00 
8412.80.10 
8412.80.90 
8412.90.10 
8412.90.90 
8413.11.00 
8413.19.00 
8413.20.00 
8413.30.10 
8413.30.90 
8413.40.00 
8413.50.00 
8413.60.00 
8413.70.10 
8413.70.20 
8413.81.00 
8413.82.00 
8413.91.10 
8413.91.20 
8413.91.90 
8413.92.00 
8414.10.00 
8414.20.00 
8414.30.40 
8414.30.80 
8414.40.00 
8414.59.10 
8414.59.15 
8414.59.30 
8414.59.65 
8414.60.00 
8414.70.00 
8414.80.05 
8414.80.16 
8414.80.20 
8414.80.90 
8414.90.10 
8414.90.30 
8414.90.41 
8414.90.91 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8415.10.30 
8415.10.60 
8415.10.90 
8415.20.00 
8415.81.01 
8415.82.01 
8415.83.00 
8415.90.40 
8415.90.80 
8416.10.00 
8416.20.00 
8416.30.00 
8416.90.00 
8417.10.00 
8417.20.00 
8417.80.00 
8417.90.00 
8418.10.00 
8418.21.00 
8418.29.10 
8418.29.20 
8418.30.00 
8418.40.00 
8418.50.00 
8418.61.01 
8418.69.01 
8418.91.00 
8418.99.40 
8418.99.80 
8419.11.00 
8419.12.00 
8419.19.01 
8419.33.10 
8419.33.50 
8419.34.00 
8419.35.10 
8419.35.50 
8419.39.02 
8419.40.00 
8419.50.10 
8419.50.50 
8419.60.10 
8419.60.50 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 

8419.81.50 
8419.81.90 
8419.89.10 
8419.89.60 
8419.89.95 
8419.90.10 
8419.90.20 
8419.90.30 
8419.90.50 
8419.90.85 
8419.90.95 
8420.10.10 
8420.10.20 
8420.10.90 
8420.91.10 
8420.91.20 
8420.91.90 
8420.99.10 
8420.99.20 
8420.99.90 
8421.11.00 
8421.12.00 
8421.19.00 
8421.21.00 
8421.22.00 
8421.23.00 
8421.29.00 
8421.31.00 
8421.32.00 
8421.39.01 
8421.91.20 
8421.91.40 
8421.91.60 
8421.99.01 
8422.11.00 
8422.19.00 
8422.20.00 
8422.30.11 
8422.30.91 
8422.40.11 
8422.40.91 
8422.90.02 
8422.90.04 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 

8422.90.06 
8422.90.11 
8422.90.21 
8422.90.91 
8423.20.10 
8423.20.90 
8423.30.00 
8423.81.00 
8423.82.00 
8423.89.10 
8423.89.90 
8423.90.10 
8423.90.90 
8424.10.00 
8424.20.10 
8424.20.90 
8424.30.10 
8424.30.90 
8424.41.10 
8424.41.90 
8424.49.00 
8424.82.00 
8424.89.10 
8424.89.90 
8424.90.05 
8424.90.10 
8424.90.20 
8424.90.90 
8425.11.00 
8425.19.00 
8425.31.01 
8425.39.01 
8425.41.00 
8425.42.00 
8425.49.00 
8426.19.00 
8426.30.00 
8426.41.00 
8426.49.00 
8426.91.00 
8426.99.00 
8427.10.40 
8427.10.80 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.92.10 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8427.20.40 
8427.20.80 
8427.90.00 
8428.10.00 
8428.20.00 
8428.31.00 
8428.32.00 
8428.33.00 
8428.39.00 
8428.40.00 
8428.60.00 
8428.70.00 
8428.90.03 
8429.11.00 
8429.19.00 
8429.20.00 
8429.30.00 
8429.40.00 
8429.51.10 
8429.51.50 
8429.52.10 
8429.52.50 
8429.59.10 
8429.59.50 
8430.10.00 
8430.20.00 
8430.31.00 
8430.39.00 
8430.41.00 
8430.49.40 
8430.49.80 
8430.50.10 
8430.50.50 
8430.61.00 
8430.69.01 
8431.10.00 
8431.20.00 
8431.31.00 
8431.39.00 
8431.41.00 
8431.42.00 
8431.43.40 
8431.43.80 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8431.49.10 
8431.49.90 
8432.10.00 
8432.21.00 
8432.29.00 
8432.31.00 
8432.39.00 
8432.41.00 
8432.42.00 
8432.80.00 
8432.90.00 
8433.11.00 
8433.19.00 
8433.20.00 
8433.30.00 
8433.40.00 
8433.51.00 
8433.52.00 
8433.53.00 
8433.59.00 
8433.60.00 
8433.90.10 
8433.90.50 
8434.10.00 
8434.20.00 
8434.90.00 
8435.10.00 
8435.90.00 
8436.10.00 
8436.21.00 
8436.29.00 
8436.80.00 
8436.91.00 
8436.99.00 
8437.10.00 
8437.80.00 
8437.90.00 
8438.10.00 
8438.20.00 
8438.30.00 
8438.40.00 
8438.50.00 
8438.60.00 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8438.80.00 
8438.90.10 
8438.90.90 
8439.10.00 
8439.20.00 
8439.30.00 
8439.91.10 
8439.91.90 
8439.99.10 
8439.99.50 
8440.10.00 
8440.90.00 
8441.10.00 
8441.20.00 
8441.30.00 
8441.40.00 
8441.80.00 
8441.90.00 
8442.30.01 
8442.40.00 
8442.50.10 
8442.50.90 
8443.11.10 
8443.11.50 
8443.12.00 
8443.13.00 
8443.14.00 
8443.15.00 
8443.16.00 
8443.17.00 
8443.19.20 
8443.19.30 
8443.31.00 
8443.32.10 
8443.32.50 
8443.39.10 
8443.39.20 
8443.39.30 
8443.39.40 
8443.39.50 
8443.39.90 
8443.91.10 
8443.91.20 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 

8443.91.30 
8443.99.10 
8443.99.20 
8443.99.25 
8443.99.30 
8443.99.35 
8443.99.40 
8443.99.45 
8443.99.50 
8444.00.00 
8445.11.00 
8445.12.00 
8445.13.00 
8445.19.00 
8445.20.00 
8445.30.00 
8445.40.00 
8445.90.00 
8446.10.00 
8446.21.50 
8446.29.00 
8446.30.10 
8446.30.50 
8447.11.10 
8447.11.90 
8447.12.10 
8447.12.90 
8447.20.20 
8447.20.30 
8447.20.40 
8447.20.60 
8447.90.10 
8447.90.50 
8447.90.90 
8448.11.00 
8448.19.00 
8448.20.10 
8448.20.50 
8448.31.00 
8448.32.00 
8448.33.00 
8448.39.10 
8448.39.50 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

8448.39.90 
8448.42.00 
8448.49.10 
8448.49.20 
8448.51.10 
8448.51.20 
8448.51.30 
8448.51.50 
8448.59.10 
8448.59.50 
8449.00.10 
8449.00.50 
8450.11.00 
8450.20.00 
8450.90.20 
8450.90.40 
8450.90.60 
8451.10.00 
8451.21.00 
8451.29.00 
8451.30.00 
8451.40.00 
8451.50.00 
8451.80.00 
8451.90.30 
8451.90.60 
8451.90.90 
8452.10.00 
8452.21.10 
8452.21.90 
8452.29.10 
8452.29.90 
8452.30.00 
8452.90.10 
8452.90.20 
8453.10.00 
8453.20.00 
8453.80.00 
8453.90.10 
8453.90.50 
8454.10.00 
8454.20.00 
8454.30.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 

8454.90.00 
8455.10.00 
8455.21.00 
8455.22.00 
8455.30.00 
8455.90.40 
8455.90.80 
8456.11.10 
8456.11.70 
8456.11.90 
8456.12.10 
8456.12.70 
8456.12.90 
8456.20.10 
8456.20.50 
8456.30.10 
8456.30.50 
8456.40.10 
8456.40.90 
8456.50.00 
8456.90.31 
8456.90.71 
8457.10.00 
8457.20.00 
8457.30.00 
8458.11.00 
8458.19.00 
8458.91.10 
8458.91.50 
8458.99.10 
8458.99.50 
8459.10.00 
8459.21.00 
8459.29.00 
8459.31.00 
8459.39.00 
8459.41.00 
8459.49.00 
8459.51.00 
8459.59.00 
8459.61.00 
8459.69.00 
8459.70.40 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8459.70.80 
8460.12.00 
8460.19.01 
8460.22.00 
8460.23.00 
8460.24.00 
8460.29.01 
8460.31.00 
8460.39.00 
8460.40.40 
8460.40.80 
8460.90.40 
8460.90.80 
8461.20.40 
8461.20.80 
8461.30.40 
8461.30.80 
8461.40.10 
8461.40.50 
8461.50.40 
8461.50.80 
8461.90.30 
8461.90.60 
8462.11.00 
8462.19.00 
8462.22.00 
8462.23.00 
8462.24.00 
8462.25.00 
8462.26.00 
8462.29.00 
8462.32.10 
8462.32.50 
8462.33.00 
8462.39.00 
8462.42.00 
8462.49.00 
8462.51.00 
8462.59.00 
8462.61.40 
8462.61.80 
8462.62.40 
8462.62.50 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8462.63.40 
8462.63.80 
8462.69.40 
8462.69.80 
8462.90.40 
8462.90.80 
8463.10.00 
8463.20.00 
8463.30.00 
8463.90.00 
8464.10.01 
8464.20.01 
8464.90.01 
8465.10.00 
8465.20.10 
8465.20.50 
8465.20.80 
8465.91.00 
8465.92.00 
8465.93.00 
8465.94.00 
8465.95.00 
8465.96.00 
8465.99.02 
8466.10.01 
8466.20.10 
8466.20.80 
8466.30.10 
8466.30.60 
8466.30.80 
8466.91.10 
8466.91.50 
8466.92.10 
8466.92.50 
8466.93.11 
8466.93.15 
8466.93.30 
8466.93.53 
8466.93.60 
8466.93.75 
8466.93.96 
8466.93.98 
8466.94.20 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8466.94.40 
8466.94.65 
8466.94.85 
8467.11.10 
8467.11.50 
8467.19.10 
8467.19.50 
8467.29.00 
8467.81.00 
8467.89.10 
8467.89.50 
8467.91.01 
8467.92.00 
8467.99.01 
8468.10.00 
8468.20.10 
8468.20.50 
8468.80.10 
8468.80.50 
8468.90.10 
8468.90.50 
8470.10.00 
8470.21.00 
8470.29.00 
8470.30.00 
8470.50.00 
8470.90.01 
8471.41.01 
8471.49.00 
8471.50.01 
8471.60.10 
8471.60.70 
8471.60.80 
8471.60.90 
8471.70.10 
8471.70.20 
8471.70.30 
8471.70.40 
8471.70.50 
8471.70.60 
8471.70.90 
8471.80.10 
8471.80.40 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

8471.80.90 
8471.90.00 
8472.10.00 
8472.30.00 
8472.90.05 
8472.90.10 
8472.90.50 
8472.90.60 
8472.90.90 
8473.21.00 
8473.29.00 
8473.30.11 
8473.30.20 
8473.30.51 
8473.30.91 
8473.40.10 
8473.40.21 
8473.40.41 
8473.40.86 
8473.50.30 
8473.50.60 
8473.50.90 
8474.10.00 
8474.20.00 
8474.31.00 
8474.32.00 
8474.39.00 
8474.80.00 
8474.90.00 
8475.10.00 
8475.21.00 
8475.29.00 
8475.90.10 
8475.90.90 
8476.21.00 
8476.29.00 
8476.81.00 
8476.89.00 
8476.90.00 
8477.10.30 
8477.10.40 
8477.10.90 
8477.20.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8477.30.00 
8477.40.01 
8477.51.00 
8477.59.01 
8477.80.01 
8477.90.25 
8477.90.45 
8477.90.65 
8477.90.86 
8478.10.00 
8478.90.00 
8479.10.00 
8479.20.00 
8479.30.00 
8479.40.00 
8479.50.00 
8479.60.00 
8479.71.00 
8479.79.00 
8479.81.00 
8479.82.00 
8479.83.00 
8479.89.10 
8479.89.20 
8479.89.55 
8479.89.65 
8479.89.70 
8479.89.83 
8479.89.92 
8479.89.95 
8479.90.41 
8479.90.45 
8479.90.55 
8479.90.65 
8479.90.75 
8479.90.85 
8479.90.95 
8480.10.00 
8480.20.00 
8480.30.00 
8480.41.00 
8480.49.00 
8480.50.00 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8480.60.00 
8480.71.10 
8480.71.40 
8480.71.80 
8480.79.10 
8480.79.90 
8481.10.00 
8481.20.00 
8481.30.10 
8481.30.20 
8481.30.90 
8481.40.00 
8481.80.10 
8481.80.30 
8481.80.50 
8481.80.90 
8481.90.10 
8481.90.30 
8481.90.50 
8481.90.90 
8482.10.10 
8482.10.50 
8482.20.00 
8482.30.00 
8482.40.00 
8482.50.00 
8482.80.00 
8482.91.00 
8482.99.05 
8482.99.15 
8482.99.25 
8482.99.35 
8482.99.45 
8482.99.65 
8483.10.10 
8483.10.30 
8483.10.50 
8483.20.40 
8483.20.80 
8483.30.40 
8483.30.80 
8483.40.10 
8483.40.30 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8483.40.50 
8483.40.70 
8483.40.80 
8483.40.90 
8483.50.40 
8483.50.60 
8483.50.90 
8483.60.40 
8483.60.80 
8483.90.10 
8483.90.20 
8483.90.30 
8483.90.50 
8483.90.70 
8483.90.80 
8484.10.00 
8484.20.00 
8484.90.00 
8485.10.01 
8485.20.00 
8485.30.00 
8485.80.00 
8485.90.10 
8485.90.90 
8486.10.00 
8486.20.00 
8486.30.00 
8486.40.00 
8486.90.00 
8487.10.00 
8487.90.00 
8501.10.20 
8501.10.40 
8501.10.60 
8501.20.20 
8501.20.40 
8501.20.50 
8501.20.60 
8501.31.20 
8501.31.40 
8501.31.50 
8501.31.60 
8501.31.81 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 

8501.32.20 
8501.32.45 
8501.32.55 
8501.32.61 
8501.33.20 
8501.33.30 
8501.33.40 
8501.33.61 
8501.34.30 
8501.34.61 
8501.40.20 
8501.40.40 
8501.40.50 
8501.40.60 
8501.51.20 
8501.51.40 
8501.51.50 
8501.51.60 
8501.52.40 
8501.52.80 
8501.53.40 
8501.53.60 
8501.53.80 
8501.61.01 
8501.62.01 
8501.63.01 
8501.64.01 
8501.71.00 
8501.72.10 
8501.72.20 
8501.72.30 
8501.72.90 
8501.80.10 
8501.80.20 
8501.80.30 
8501.80.90 
8502.11.00 
8502.12.00 
8502.13.00 
8502.20.00 
8502.31.00 
8502.39.00 
8502.40.00 

9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8503.00.20 
8503.00.35 
8503.00.45 
8503.00.65 
8503.00.75 
8503.00.90 
8503.00.95 
8504.10.00 
8504.21.00 
8504.22.00 
8504.23.00 
8504.31.20 
8504.31.40 
8504.31.60 
8504.32.00 
8504.33.00 
8504.34.00 
8504.40.40 
8504.40.60 
8504.40.70 
8504.40.85 
8504.40.95 
8504.50.40 
8504.50.80 
8504.90.20 
8504.90.41 
8504.90.65 
8504.90.75 
8504.90.96 
8505.11.00 
8505.19.10 
8505.19.20 
8505.19.30 
8505.20.00 
8505.90.30 
8505.90.40 
8505.90.70 
8505.90.75 
8506.10.00 
8506.30.10 
8506.30.50 
8506.40.10 
8506.40.50 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.91.06 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8506.50.00 
8506.60.00 
8506.80.00 
8506.90.00 
8507.10.00 
8507.20.40 
8507.20.80 
8507.30.40 
8507.30.80 
8507.50.00 
8507.60.00 
8507.80.41 
8507.80.82 
8507.90.40 
8507.90.80 
8508.11.00 
8508.19.00 
8508.60.00 
8508.70.00 
8509.80.20 
8509.90.25 
8509.90.35 
8509.90.45 
8509.90.55 
8510.10.00 
8510.20.10 
8510.20.90 
8510.90.10 
8510.90.20 
8510.90.30 
8510.90.40 
8510.90.55 
8511.10.00 
8511.20.00 
8511.30.00 
8511.40.00 
8511.50.00 
8511.80.20 
8511.80.40 
8511.80.60 
8511.90.20 
8511.90.40 
8511.90.60 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.06 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.91.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 

8512.10.20 
8512.10.40 
8512.20.20 
8512.20.40 
8512.30.00 
8512.40.20 
8512.40.40 
8512.90.20 
8512.90.40 
8512.90.60 
8512.90.70 
8512.90.90 
8513.90.20 
8513.90.40 
8514.11.00 
8514.19.00 
8514.20.40 
8514.20.60 
8514.20.80 
8514.31.10 
8514.31.90 
8514.32.10 
8514.32.90 
8514.39.10 
8514.39.90 
8514.40.00 
8514.90.40 
8514.90.80 
8515.11.00 
8515.19.00 
8515.21.00 
8515.29.00 
8515.31.00 
8515.39.00 
8515.80.00 
8515.90.20 
8515.90.40 
8516.10.00 
8516.21.00 
8516.29.00 
8516.33.00 
8516.60.40 
8516.71.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 

8516.80.40 
8516.80.80 
8516.90.05 
8516.90.15 
8516.90.25 
8516.90.35 
8516.90.45 
8516.90.50 
8516.90.55 
8516.90.65 
8516.90.75 
8516.90.80 
8516.90.85 
8516.90.90 
8517.11.00 
8517.61.00 
8517.62.0010 
8517.62.0020 
8517.62.0090 
8517.69.00 
8517.71.00 
8517.79.00 
8518.10.40 
8518.10.80 
8518.21.00 
8518.22.00 
8518.29.80 
8518.30.10 
8518.40.10 
8518.40.20 
8518.50.00 
8518.90.20 
8518.90.41 
8518.90.60 
8518.90.81 
8519.20.00 
8519.30.10 
8519.81.10 
8519.81.30 
8519.89.10 
8519.89.30 
8521.10.30 
8521.10.60 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

8521.10.90 
8521.90.00 
8522.10.00 
8522.90.25 
8522.90.36 
8522.90.45 
8522.90.58 
8522.90.65 
8522.90.80 
8523.21.00 
8523.29.10 
8523.29.20 
8523.29.30 
8523.29.40 
8523.29.50 
8523.29.60 
8523.29.70 
8523.29.80 
8523.29.90 
8523.41.00 
8523.49.20 
8523.49.30 
8523.49.40 
8523.49.50 
8523.51.00 
8523.52.00 
8523.59.00 
8523.80.10 
8523.80.20 
8524.11.10 
8524.11.90 
8524.12.00 
8524.19.00 
8524.91.10 
8524.91.90 
8524.92.00 
8524.99.00 
8525.50.30 
8525.50.70 
8525.60.10 
8525.60.20 
8525.81.00 
8525.82.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

8525.83.00 
8525.89.10 
8525.89.20 
8525.89.30 
8525.89.40 
8525.89.50 
8526.10.00 
8526.91.00 
8526.92.50 
8527.21.15 
8527.21.25 
8527.21.40 
8527.29.40 
8527.29.80 
8527.91.50 
8527.91.60 
8527.99.15 
8527.99.40 
8528.42.00 
8528.49.05 
8528.49.10 
8528.49.15 
8528.49.20 
8528.49.25 
8528.49.30 
8528.49.35 
8528.49.40 
8528.49.45 
8528.49.50 
8528.49.60 
8528.49.65 
8528.49.70 
8528.49.75 
8528.49.80 
8528.59.05 
8528.59.10 
8528.59.15 
8528.59.23 
8528.59.25 
8528.59.33 
8528.59.35 
8528.59.50 
8528.59.60 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

8528.62.00 
8528.69.05 
8528.69.10 
8528.69.15 
8528.69.20 
8528.69.25 
8528.69.30 
8528.69.45 
8528.69.50 
8528.69.55 
8528.69.60 
8528.69.70 
8528.71.10 
8528.71.20 
8528.71.30 
8528.71.40 
8528.71.45 
8528.72.04 
8528.72.08 
8528.72.12 
8528.72.20 
8528.72.24 
8528.72.28 
8528.72.32 
8528.72.36 
8528.72.40 
8528.72.44 
8528.72.48 
8528.72.52 
8528.72.56 
8528.72.62 
8528.72.64 
8528.72.68 
8528.72.72 
8528.72.76 
8528.72.80 
8528.72.84 
8528.72.97 
8528.73.00 
8529.10.21 
8529.10.40 
8529.10.91 
8529.90.04 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 

8529.90.05 
8529.90.06 
8529.90.09 
8529.90.13 
8529.90.16 
8529.90.19 
8529.90.21 
8529.90.24 
8529.90.29 
8529.90.33 
8529.90.36 
8529.90.39 
8529.90.43 
8529.90.46 
8529.90.49 
8529.90.55 
8529.90.63 
8529.90.68 
8529.90.73 
8529.90.77 
8529.90.78 
8529.90.81 
8529.90.83 
8529.90.87 
8529.90.88 
8529.90.89 
8529.90.93 
8529.90.95 
8529.90.97 
8529.90.98 
8530.10.00 
8530.80.00 
8530.90.00 
8531.10.00 
8531.20.00 
8531.80.90 
8531.90.15 
8531.90.30 
8531.90.75 
8531.90.90 
8532.10.00 
8532.21.00 
8532.22.00 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8532.23.00 
8532.24.00 
8532.25.00 
8532.29.00 
8532.30.00 
8532.90.00 
8533.10.00 
8533.21.00 
8533.29.00 
8533.31.00 
8533.39.00 
8533.40.40 
8533.40.80 
8533.90.40 
8533.90.80 
8534.00.00 
8535.10.00 
8535.21.00 
8535.29.00 
8535.30.00 
8535.40.00 
8535.90.40 
8535.90.80 
8536.10.00 
8536.20.00 
8536.30.40 
8536.30.80 
8536.41.00 
8536.49.00 
8536.50.40 
8536.50.70 
8536.50.90 
8536.61.00 
8536.69.40 
8536.69.80 
8536.70.00 
8536.90.40 
8536.90.60 
8536.90.85 
8537.10.30 
8537.10.60 
8537.10.80 
8537.10.91 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 

8537.20.00 
8538.10.00 
8538.90.10 
8538.90.30 
8538.90.40 
8538.90.60 
8538.90.81 
8539.10.00 
8539.21.20 
8539.21.40 
8539.29.20 
8539.29.30 
8539.29.40 
8539.31.00 
8539.32.00 
8539.39.10 
8539.39.90 
8539.41.00 
8539.49.00 
8539.51.00 
8539.90.00 
8540.11.10 
8540.11.24 
8540.11.28 
8540.11.30 
8540.11.44 
8540.11.48 
8540.11.50 
8540.12.10 
8540.12.20 
8540.12.50 
8540.12.70 
8540.20.20 
8540.20.40 
8540.40.10 
8540.60.00 
8540.71.20 
8540.71.40 
8540.79.10 
8540.79.20 
8540.81.00 
8540.89.00 
8540.91.15 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 

8540.91.20 
8540.91.50 
8540.99.40 
8540.99.80 
8541.10.00 
8541.21.00 
8541.29.00 
8541.30.00 
8541.41.00 
8541.42.00 
8541.43.00 
8541.49.10 
8541.49.70 
8541.49.80 
8541.49.95 
8541.51.00 
8541.59.00 
8541.60.00 
8541.90.00 
8542.31.00 
8542.32.00 
8542.33.00 
8542.39.00 
8542.90.00 
8543.10.00 
8543.20.00 
8543.30.20 
8543.30.90 
8543.40.00 
8543.70.20 
8543.70.42 
8543.70.45 
8543.70.60 
8543.70.71 
8543.70.80 
8543.70.85 
8543.70.89 
8543.70.91 
8543.70.95 
8543.70.97 
8543.70.98 
8543.90.12 
8543.90.15 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.88.01 
9903.91.02 
9903.91.02 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.88.01 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.91.05 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8543.90.35 
8543.90.65 
8543.90.68 
8543.90.85 
8543.90.88 
8544.11.00 
8544.19.00 
8544.20.00 
8544.30.00 
8544.42.10 
8544.42.20 
8544.42.90 
8544.49.10 
8544.49.20 
8544.49.30 
8544.49.90 
8544.60.20 
8544.60.40 
8544.60.60 
8544.70.00 
8545.11.00 
8545.19.20 
8545.19.40 
8545.20.00 
8545.90.20 
8545.90.40 
8546.10.00 
8546.20.00 
8546.90.00 
8547.10.40 
8547.10.80 
8547.20.00 
8547.90.00 
8548.00.00 
8549.11.10 
8549.11.90 
8549.12.40 
8549.12.80 
8549.13.00 
8549.14.00 
8549.19.00 
8549.21.00 
8549.29.00 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

8549.31.00 
8549.39.00 
8549.91.00 
8549.99.00 
8601.10.00 
8601.20.00 
8602.10.00 
8602.90.00 
8603.10.00 
8603.90.00 
8604.00.00 
8605.00.00 
8606.10.00 
8606.30.00 
8606.91.00 
8606.92.00 
8606.99.01 
8607.11.00 
8607.12.00 
8607.19.03 
8607.19.06 
8607.19.12 
8607.19.15 
8607.19.30 
8607.19.90 
8607.21.10 
8607.21.50 
8607.29.10 
8607.29.50 
8607.30.10 
8607.30.50 
8607.91.00 
8607.99.10 
8607.99.50 
8608.00.00 
8701.10.01 
8701.21.00 
8701.22.00 
8701.23.00 
8701.24.00 
8701.29.00 
8701.30.10 
8701.30.50 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 

8701.91.10 
8701.91.50 
8701.92.10 
8701.92.50 
8701.93.10 
8701.93.50 
8701.94.10 
8701.94.50 
8701.95.10 
8701.95.50 
8702.10.31 
8702.10.61 
8702.20.31 
8702.20.61 
8702.30.31 
8702.30.61 
8702.40.31 
8702.40.61 
8702.90.31 
8702.90.61 
8703.10.10 
8703.10.50 
8703.21.01 
8703.22.01 
8703.23.01 
8703.24.01 
8703.31.01 
8703.32.01 
8703.33.01 
8703.40.00 
8703.50.00 
8703.60.00 
8703.70.00 
8703.80.00 
8703.90.01 
8704.10.10 
8704.10.50 
8704.21.01 
8704.22.11 
8704.22.51 
8704.23.01 
8704.31.01 
8704.32.01 

9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.91.03 
9903.91.03 
9903.91.03 
9903.91.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.91.03 
9903.91.03 
9903.91.03 
9903.91.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8704.41.00 
8704.42.00 
8704.43.00 
8704.51.00 
8704.52.00 
8704.60.00 
8704.90.01 
8705.10.00 
8705.20.00 
8705.30.00 
8705.40.00 
8705.90.00 
8706.00.03 
8706.00.05 
8706.00.15 
8706.00.25 
8706.00.30 
8706.00.50 
8707.10.00 
8707.90.10 
8707.90.50 
8708.10.30 
8708.10.60 
8708.21.00 
8708.22.00 
8708.29.15 
8708.29.21 
8708.29.25 
8708.29.51 
8708.30.10 
8708.30.50 
8708.40.11 
8708.40.30 
8708.40.50 
8708.40.60 
8708.40.65 
8708.40.70 
8708.40.75 
8708.50.11 
8708.50.31 
8708.50.51 
8708.50.61 
8708.50.65 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

8708.50.70 
8708.50.75 
8708.50.79 
8708.50.81 
8708.50.85 
8708.50.89 
8708.50.91 
8708.50.93 
8708.50.95 
8708.50.99 
8708.70.05 
8708.70.15 
8708.70.25 
8708.70.35 
8708.70.45 
8708.70.60 
8708.80.03 
8708.80.05 
8708.80.13 
8708.80.16 
8708.80.51 
8708.80.55 
8708.80.60 
8708.80.65 
8708.91.10 
8708.91.50 
8708.91.60 
8708.91.65 
8708.91.70 
8708.91.75 
8708.92.10 
8708.92.50 
8708.92.60 
8708.92.65 
8708.92.70 
8708.92.75 
8708.93.15 
8708.93.30 
8708.93.60 
8708.93.75 
8708.94.10 
8708.94.50 
8708.94.60 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

8708.94.65 
8708.94.70 
8708.94.75 
8708.95.05 
8708.95.10 
8708.95.15 
8708.95.20 
8708.99.03 
8708.99.06 
8708.99.16 
8708.99.23 
8708.99.27 
8708.99.31 
8708.99.41 
8708.99.48 
8708.99.53 
8708.99.55 
8708.99.58 
8708.99.68 
8708.99.81 
8709.11.00 
8709.19.00 
8709.90.00 
8710.00.00 
8711.10.00 
8711.20.00 
8711.30.00 
8711.40.30 
8711.40.60 
8711.50.00 
8711.60.00 
8711.90.01 
8712.00.15 
8712.00.25 
8712.00.35 
8712.00.44 
8712.00.48 
8712.00.50 
8714.10.00 
8714.91.20 
8714.91.30 
8714.91.50 
8714.91.90 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

8714.92.10 
8714.92.50 
8714.93.05 
8714.93.15 
8714.93.24 
8714.93.28 
8714.93.35 
8714.93.70 
8714.94.30 
8714.94.90 
8714.95.00 
8714.96.10 
8714.96.50 
8714.96.90 
8714.99.10 
8714.99.50 
8714.99.60 
8714.99.80 
8716.10.00 
8716.20.00 
8716.31.00 
8716.39.00 
8716.40.00 
8716.80.10 
8716.80.50 
8716.90.10 
8716.90.30 
8716.90.50 
8801.00.00 
8802.11.01 
8802.12.01 
8802.20.01 
8802.30.01 
8802.40.01 
8802.60.30 
8802.60.90 
8804.00.00 
8805.10.00 
8805.21.00 
8805.29.00 
8806.10.00 
8806.21.00 
8806.22.00 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

8806.23.00 
8806.24.00 
8806.29.00 
8806.91.00 
8806.92.00 
8806.93.00 
8806.94.00 
8806.99.00 
8807.10.00 
8807.20.00 
8807.30.00 
8807.90.30 
8807.90.90 
8901.10.00 
8901.20.00 
8901.30.00 
8901.90.00 
8902.00.00 
8903.11.00 
8903.12.00 
8903.19.00 
8903.21.00 
8903.22.00 
8903.23.00 
8903.31.00 
8903.32.00 
8903.33.00 
8903.93.05 
8903.93.15 
8903.93.20 
8903.93.90 
8903.99.06 
8903.99.16 
8903.99.21 
8903.99.91 
8904.00.00 
8905.10.00 
8905.20.00 
8905.90.50 
8906.10.00 
8906.90.00 
8907.10.00 
8907.90.00 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 

8908.00.00 
9001.10.00 
9001.20.00 
9001.30.00 
9001.40.00 
9001.50.00 
9001.90.40 
9001.90.50 
9001.90.60 
9001.90.80 
9001.90.90 
9002.11.40 
9002.11.60 
9002.11.90 
9002.19.00 
9002.20.40 
9002.20.80 
9002.90.20 
9002.90.40 
9002.90.70 
9002.90.85 
9002.90.95 
9003.11.00 
9003.19.00 
9003.90.00 
9004.10.00 
9004.90.00 
9005.10.00 
9005.80.60 
9005.90.40 
9005.90.80 
9006.30.00 
9006.40.40 
9006.53.02 
9006.59.01 
9006.59.05 
9006.59.08 
9006.59.10 
9006.59.12 
9006.59.15 
9006.59.20 
9006.59.40 
9006.59.91 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9006.61.00 
9006.91.00 
9006.99.00 
9007.10.00 
9007.20.20 
9007.20.40 
9007.20.60 
9007.20.80 
9007.91.40 
9007.91.80 
9007.92.00 
9008.50.20 
9008.50.30 
9008.50.50 
9008.90.40 
9008.90.80 
9010.10.00 
9010.50.10 
9010.50.20 
9010.50.30 
9010.50.40 
9010.50.50 
9010.50.60 
9010.60.00 
9010.90.85 
9010.90.95 
9011.10.40 
9011.10.80 
9011.20.40 
9011.20.80 
9011.80.00 
9011.90.00 
9012.10.00 
9012.90.00 
9013.10.10 
9013.10.30 
9013.10.45 
9013.10.50 
9013.20.00 
9013.80.20 
9013.80.40 
9013.80.91 
9013.90.20 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9013.90.70 
9013.90.80 
9014.10.10 
9014.10.60 
9014.10.70 
9014.10.90 
9014.20.20 
9014.20.40 
9014.20.60 
9014.20.80 
9014.80.10 
9014.80.20 
9014.80.40 
9014.80.50 
9014.90.10 
9014.90.20 
9014.90.40 
9014.90.60 
9015.10.40 
9015.10.80 
9015.20.40 
9015.20.80 
9015.30.40 
9015.30.80 
9015.40.40 
9015.40.80 
9015.80.20 
9015.80.60 
9015.80.80 
9015.90.01 
9016.00.20 
9016.00.40 
9016.00.60 
9017.10.40 
9017.10.80 
9017.20.40 
9017.20.70 
9017.20.80 
9017.30.40 
9017.30.80 
9017.80.00 
9017.90.01 
9018.11.30 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 

9018.11.60 
9018.11.90 
9018.12.00 
9018.13.00 
9018.14.00 
9018.19.40 
9018.19.55 
9018.19.75 
9018.19.95 
9018.20.00 
9018.31.00 
9018.32.00 
9018.90.20 
9018.90.30 
9018.90.60 
9018.90.75 
9021.50.00 
9022.12.00 
9022.13.00 
9022.14.00 
9022.19.00 
9022.21.00 
9022.29.80 
9022.30.00 
9022.90.05 
9022.90.15 
9022.90.25 
9022.90.40 
9022.90.60 
9022.90.95 
9023.00.00 
9024.10.00 
9024.80.00 
9024.90.00 
9025.19.40 
9025.19.80 
9025.80.10 
9025.80.15 
9025.80.20 
9025.80.35 
9025.80.40 
9025.80.50 
9025.90.06 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.91.03 
9903.91.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 

9026.10.20 
9026.10.40 
9026.10.60 
9026.20.40 
9026.20.80 
9026.80.20 
9026.80.40 
9026.80.60 
9026.90.20 
9026.90.40 
9026.90.60 
9027.10.20 
9027.10.40 
9027.10.60 
9027.20.50 
9027.20.80 
9027.30.40 
9027.30.80 
9027.50.10 
9027.50.40 
9027.50.80 
9027.81.00 
9027.89.25 
9027.89.45 
9027.89.80 
9027.90.20 
9027.90.45 
9027.90.54 
9027.90.56 
9027.90.59 
9027.90.64 
9027.90.68 
9027.90.84 
9027.90.88 
9028.10.00 
9028.20.00 
9028.30.00 
9028.90.00 
9029.10.40 
9029.10.80 
9029.20.20 
9029.20.40 
9029.20.60 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.03 

9029.90.20 
9029.90.40 
9029.90.60 
9029.90.80 
9030.10.00 
9030.20.05 
9030.20.10 
9030.31.00 
9030.32.00 
9030.33.34 
9030.33.38 
9030.39.01 
9030.40.00 
9030.82.00 
9030.84.00 
9030.89.01 
9030.90.25 
9030.90.46 
9030.90.66 
9030.90.68 
9030.90.84 
9030.90.89 
9031.10.00 
9031.20.00 
9031.41.00 
9031.49.10 
9031.49.40 
9031.49.70 
9031.49.90 
9031.80.40 
9031.80.80 
9031.90.21 
9031.90.45 
9031.90.54 
9031.90.59 
9031.90.70 
9031.90.91 
9032.10.00 
9032.20.00 
9032.81.00 
9032.89.20 
9032.89.40 
9032.89.60 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.02 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 

9032.90.21 
9032.90.41 
9032.90.61 
9033.00.20 
9033.00.30 
9033.00.90 
9101.11.40 
9101.11.80 
9101.19.20 
9101.19.40 
9101.19.80 
9101.21.10 
9101.21.30 
9101.21.50 
9101.21.80 
9101.29.10 
9101.29.20 
9101.29.30 
9101.29.40 
9101.29.50 
9101.29.70 
9101.29.80 
9101.29.90 
9101.91.20 
9101.91.80 
9101.99.20 
9101.99.60 
9101.99.80 
9102.11.10 
9102.11.25 
9102.11.30 
9102.11.45 
9102.11.50 
9102.11.65 
9102.11.70 
9102.11.95 
9102.12.80 
9102.19.20 
9102.19.40 
9102.19.60 
9102.19.80 
9102.21.10 
9102.21.25 

9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.01 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9102.21.30 
9102.21.50 
9102.21.70 
9102.21.90 
9102.29.02 
9102.29.04 
9102.29.10 
9102.29.20 
9102.29.25 
9102.29.30 
9102.29.35 
9102.29.40 
9102.29.45 
9102.29.50 
9102.29.55 
9102.29.60 
9102.91.20 
9102.91.40 
9102.91.80 
9102.99.20 
9102.99.40 
9102.99.60 
9102.99.80 
9103.10.80 
9103.90.00 
9104.00.05 
9104.00.10 
9104.00.20 
9104.00.25 
9104.00.30 
9104.00.40 
9104.00.45 
9104.00.50 
9104.00.60 
9105.19.10 
9105.19.20 
9105.19.30 
9105.19.50 
9105.29.10 
9105.29.20 
9105.29.30 
9105.29.50 
9105.99.10 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9105.99.20 
9105.99.30 
9105.99.40 
9105.99.60 
9106.10.00 
9106.90.20 
9106.90.40 
9106.90.55 
9106.90.65 
9106.90.75 
9106.90.85 
9107.00.40 
9107.00.80 
9108.11.40 
9108.11.80 
9108.19.40 
9108.19.80 
9108.20.40 
9108.20.80 
9108.90.10 
9108.90.20 
9108.90.30 
9108.90.40 
9108.90.50 
9108.90.60 
9108.90.70 
9108.90.85 
9108.90.90 
9108.90.95 
9109.10.20 
9109.10.40 
9109.10.50 
9109.10.80 
9109.90.20 
9109.90.60 
9110.11.00 
9110.12.00 
9110.19.00 
9110.90.20 
9110.90.40 
9110.90.60 
9111.10.00 
9111.20.20 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9111.20.40 
9111.80.00 
9111.90.40 
9111.90.50 
9111.90.70 
9112.20.40 
9112.20.80 
9112.90.00 
9113.10.00 
9113.20.60 
9113.20.90 
9113.90.80 
9114.30.40 
9114.30.80 
9114.40.20 
9114.40.40 
9114.40.60 
9114.40.80 
9114.90.10 
9114.90.15 
9114.90.34 
9114.90.38 
9114.90.40 
9114.90.50 
9201.10.00 
9201.20.00 
9201.90.00 
9202.90.20 
9202.90.40 
9205.10.00 
9205.90.12 
9205.90.14 
9205.90.15 
9205.90.18 
9205.90.19 
9205.90.20 
9205.90.40 
9205.90.60 
9206.00.20 
9206.00.40 
9206.00.60 
9206.00.80 
9207.10.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9207.90.00 
9208.90.00 
9209.30.00 
9209.91.40 
9209.91.80 
9209.92.40 
9209.92.60 
9209.92.80 
9209.94.80 
9209.99.05 
9209.99.10 
9209.99.16 
9209.99.18 
9209.99.20 
9209.99.40 
9209.99.61 
9209.99.80 
9301.10.00 
9301.20.00 
9301.90.30 
9301.90.60 
9301.90.90 
9302.00.00 
9303.10.00 
9303.20.00 
9303.30.40 
9303.30.80 
9303.90.40 
9303.90.80 
9304.00.20 
9304.00.40 
9304.00.60 
9305.10.20 
9305.10.40 
9305.10.60 
9305.10.80 
9305.20.05 
9305.20.80 
9305.91.10 
9305.91.20 
9305.91.30 
9305.99.50 
9305.99.60 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9306.21.00 
9306.29.00 
9306.30.41 
9306.30.80 
9306.90.00 
9307.00.00 
9401.10.40 
9401.10.80 
9401.20.00 
9401.31.00 
9401.39.00 
9401.41.00 
9401.49.00 
9401.52.00 
9401.53.00 
9401.59.00 
9401.61.20 
9401.61.4011 
9401.61.4031 
9401.61.60 
9401.69.20 
9401.69.40 
9401.69.6001 
9401.69.6011 
9401.69.6031 
9401.69.80 
9401.71.0007 
9401.71.0008 
9401.71.0011 
9401.71.0031 
9401.79.0006 
9401.79.0011 
9401.79.0015 
9401.79.0025 
9401.79.0035 
9401.79.0046 
9401.79.0050 
9401.80.2005 
9401.80.2011 
9401.80.2031 
9401.80.4004 
9401.80.4006 
9401.80.4015 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 

9401.80.4026 
9401.80.4035 
9401.80.4046 
9401.80.6024 
9401.80.6025 
9401.80.6028 
9401.80.6030 
9401.91.15 
9401.91.20 
9401.91.90 
9401.99.10 
9401.99.25 
9401.99.35 
9401.99.90 
9403.10.00 
9403.20.00 
9403.30.40 
9403.30.80 
9403.40.40 
9403.40.60 
9403.40.90 
9403.50.40 
9403.50.60 
9403.50.90 
9403.60.40 
9403.60.80 
9403.70.4001 
9403.70.4002 
9403.70.4015 
9403.70.4020 
9403.70.4031 
9403.70.8001 
9403.70.8002 
9403.70.8015 
9403.70.8020 
9403.70.8031 
9403.82.00 
9403.83.00 
9403.89.30 
9403.89.60 
9403.91.00 
9403.99.10 
9403.99.20 

9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.04 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

9403.99.30 
9403.99.40 
9403.99.50 
9403.99.90 
9404.10.00 
9404.21.00 
9404.29.10 
9404.29.90 
9404.90.10 
9404.90.20 
9405.11.40 
9405.11.60 
9405.11.80 
9405.19.40 
9405.19.60 
9405.19.80 
9405.21.40 
9405.21.60 
9405.21.80 
9405.29.40 
9405.29.60 
9405.29.80 
9405.31.00 
9405.39.00 
9405.41.40 
9405.41.60 
9405.41.82 
9405.41.84 
9405.42.40 
9405.42.60 
9405.42.82 
9405.42.84 
9405.49.00 
9405.50.20 
9405.50.30 
9405.50.40 
9405.61.20 
9405.61.40 
9405.61.60 
9405.69.20 
9405.69.40 
9405.69.60 
9405.91.10 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 

9405.91.30 
9405.91.40 
9405.91.60 
9405.92.00 
9405.99.20 
9405.99.40 
9406.10.00 
9406.20.00 
9406.90.01 
9504.20.20 
9504.20.40 
9504.20.80 
9504.30.00 
9504.90.90 
9505.10.10 
9506.11.20 
9506.11.40 
9506.11.60 
9506.12.40 
9506.12.80 
9506.19.40 
9506.19.80 
9506.21.40 
9506.21.80 
9506.29.00 
9506.31.00 
9506.32.00 
9506.39.00 
9506.51.60 
9506.59.80 
9506.61.00 
9506.62.40 
9506.62.80 
9506.69.20 
9506.69.40 
9506.69.60 
9506.70.40 
9506.70.60 
9506.91.00 
9506.99.05 
9506.99.20 
9506.99.25 
9506.99.28 

9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9506.99.30 
9506.99.35 
9506.99.40 
9506.99.45 
9506.99.55 
9506.99.60 
9507.20.40 
9507.20.80 
9507.30.60 
9507.30.80 
9507.90.20 
9507.90.40 
9507.90.70 
9508.10.00 
9508.21.00 
9508.22.00 
9508.23.00 
9508.24.00 
9508.25.00 
9508.26.00 
9508.29.00 
9508.30.00 
9508.40.00 
9601.10.00 
9601.90.20 
9601.90.40 
9601.90.60 
9601.90.80 
9602.00.10 
9602.00.40 
9602.00.50 
9603.10.15 
9603.10.35 
9603.10.40 
9603.10.50 
9603.10.60 
9603.10.90 
9603.21.00 
9603.30.20 
9603.30.40 
9603.50.00 
9603.90.40 
9603.90.80 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9604.00.00 
9606.10.40 
9606.10.80 
9606.21.20 
9606.21.40 
9606.21.60 
9606.22.00 
9606.29.20 
9606.29.40 
9606.29.60 
9606.30.40 
9606.30.80 
9607.11.00 
9607.19.00 
9607.20.00 
9608.10.00 
9608.20.00 
9608.30.00 
9608.40.40 
9608.40.80 
9608.50.00 
9608.60.00 
9608.91.00 
9608.99.20 
9608.99.30 
9608.99.40 
9608.99.60 
9609.10.00 
9609.20.20 
9609.20.40 
9609.90.40 
9609.90.80 
9611.00.00 
9612.10.10 
9612.10.90 
9612.20.00 
9613.10.00 
9613.80.10 
9613.80.20 
9613.80.40 
9613.80.80 
9613.90.40 
9613.90.80 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9614.00.21 
9614.00.25 
9614.00.26 
9614.00.98 
9616.10.00 
9617.00.40 
9618.00.00 
9619.00.05 
9619.00.11 
9619.00.15 
9619.00.21 
9619.00.25 
9619.00.33 
9619.00.43 
9619.00.48 
9619.00.64 
9619.00.71 
9619.00.74 
9619.00.78 
9619.00.90 
9620.00.10 
9620.00.15 
9620.00.20 
9620.00.25 
9620.00.30 
9620.00.50 
9620.00.55 
9620.00.60 
9620.00.65 
9620.00.70 
9701.21.00 
9701.22.00 
9701.29.00 
9701.91.00 
9701.92.00 
9701.99.00 
9702.10.00 
9702.90.00 
9703.10.00 
9703.90.00 
9704.00.00 
9705.10.00 
9705.21.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.03 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

9705.22.00 
9705.29.00 
9705.31.00 
9705.39.00 
9706.10.00 
9706.90.00 

9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 
9903.88.15 

 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (2026 Revision 2) 

February 1, 2026 

Change Record 

The modifications set forth in this change record reflect updates made to the HTS after 2026 Revision 1, 
published January 16, 2026. Note that the Change Record does not include staged rates, endnotes or 
minor nonsubstantive adjustments to the format of any line. The modifications set forth in this change 
record reflect updates made to the HTS since the 2026 Basic Edition was posted: 

Chapters: 2, 7, 8, 11, 15, 18, 20, 22, 24, 29, 30, 35, 38, 73, 76, 83, 84, 85, 88, 90, 94, and Statistical 
Annexes 

Notes: For purposes of this record, the terms “added” and “deleted” refer to the insertion or removal of 
8‐digit (legal) tariff rate lines or legal notes; the terms “established” or “discontinued” refer to the 
insertion or removal of 10‐digit (nonlegal) statistical reporting numbers or notes. The term “annotated” 
refers to the creation of new 10‐digit provisions under a previously unsubdivided rate line; the term 
“restored” refers to the deletion of all annotations under an existing rate line. The term “modified” may 
be used with changes in any provision or note. 

Item changed 

Nature of change 

0201.30.5085 

0201.30.5091 
0201.30.5097 
0202.30.5085 

0202.30.5091 
0202.30.5097 
0202.30.8000 

0202.30.8015 
0202.30.8025 
0709.51.0100 

0709.51.0110 
0709.51.0150 
0709.70.0000 

0709.70.0010 
0709.70.0050 
0710.80.9723 

Discontinued (transferred to 0201.30.5091 and 
0201.30.5097) 
Established (transferred from 0201.30.5085 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0201.30.5085 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 0202.30.5091 and 
0202.30.5097) 
Established (transferred from 0202.30.5085 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0202.30.5085 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 0202.30.8015 and 
0202.30.8025) 
Established (transferred from 0202.30.8000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0202.30.8000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 0709.51.0110 and 
0709.51.0150) 
Established (transferred from 0709.51.0100 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0709.51.0100 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 0709.70.0010 and 
0709.70.0050) 
Established (transferred from 0709.70.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0709.70.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0710.80.9724 (pt.)) 

1 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

 
 
Item changed 

Nature of change 

0710.80.9724 

0710.80.9725 
0804.30.6000 

0804.30.6010 
0804.30.6090 
0804.50.8010 

0804.50.8020 
0804.50.8040 
0811.10.0070 

0811.10.0075 
0811.10.0085 
0811.90.2024 

0811.90.2025 
0811.90.2027 
0811.90.5000 

0811.90.5010 
0811.90.5090 
0811.90.5200 

0811.90.5210 
0811.90.5290 
1104.12.0000 

1104.12.0010 
1104.12.0090 
1513.19.0000 

1513.19.0030 
1513.19.0090 
1801.00.0000 

1801.00.0010 
1801.00.0090 
2008.99.1000 

2008.99.1010 
2008.99.1090 
2008.99.9150 

Discontinued (transferred to 0710.80.9723 and 
0709.80.9725) 
Established (transferred from 0710.80.9724 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 0804.30.6010 and 
0804.30.6090) 
Established (transferred from 0804.30.6000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0804.30.6000 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 0804.50.8020 and 
0804.50.8040) 
Established (transferred from 0804.50.8010 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0804.50.8010 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 0811.10.0075 and 
0811.10.0085) 
Established (transferred from 0811.10.0070 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0811.10.0070 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 0811.90.2025 and 
0811.90.2027) 
Established (transferred from 0811.90.2024 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0811.90.2024 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 0811.90.5010 and 
0811.90.5090) 
Established (transferred from 0811.90.5000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0811.90.5000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 0811.90.5210 and 
0811.90.5290) 
Established (transferred from 0811.90.5200 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 0811.90.5200 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 1104.12.0010 and 
1104.12.0090) 
Established (transferred from 1104.12.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 1104.12.0000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 1513.19.0030 and 
1513.19.0090) 
Established (transferred from 1513.19.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 1513.19.0000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 1801.00.0010 and 
1801.00.0090) 
Established (transferred from 1801.00.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 1801.00.0000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 2008.99.1010 and 
2008.19.1090) 
Established (transferred from 2008.99.1000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2008.99.1000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2008.99.9190 (pt.)) 

2 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

 
Item changed 

2008.99.9155 
2008.99.9190 

2008.99.9195 
2009.79.0020 

2009.79.0040 
2009.79.0060 
2009.89.7091 

2009.89.7095 
2009.89.7097 
2009.89.7099 
2202.99.9120 

2202.99.9130 
2202.99.9135 
2202.99.9190 
2404.12.0500 

2404.12.0510 
2404.12.0590 
2404.12.1000 

2404.12.1010 
2404.12.1090 
2404.19.0500 

2404.19.0510 
2404.19.0590 
2404.19.1000 

2404.19.1010 
2404.19.1090 
2918.16.5020 
2918.16.5050 

2918.16.5090 
2933.91.0000 

2933.91.0010 
2933.91.0050 
3001.90.0165 

Nature of change 
Established (transferred from 2008.99.9190 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 2008.99.9150, 
2008.99.9155 and 2008.99.9195) 
Established (transferred from 2008.99.9190 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 2009.79.0040 and 
2009.79.0060) 
Established (transferred from 2009.79.0020 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2009.79.0020 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 2009.89.7095, 
2009.89.7097 and 2009.89.7099) 
Established (transferred from 2009.89.7091 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2009.89.7091 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2009.89.7091 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 2202.99.9130, 
2202.99.9135 and 2202.99.9190). 
Established (transferred from 2202.99.9120 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2202.99.9120 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2202.99.9120 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 2404.12.0510 and 
2404.12.0590) 
Established (transferred from 2404.12.0500 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2404.12.0500 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 2404.12.1010 and 
2404.12.1090) 
Established (transferred from 2404.12.1000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2404.12.1000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 2404.19.0510 and 
2404.19.0590) 
Established (transferred from 2404.19.0500 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2404.19.0500 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 2404.19.1010 and 
2404.19.1090) 
Established (transferred from 2404.19.1000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2404.19.1000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2918.16.5050 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 2918.16.5020 and 
2918.16.5090) 
Established (transferred from 2918.16.5050 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 2933.91.0010 and 
2933.91.0050) 
Established (transferred from 2933.91.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 2933.91.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3001.90.0190 (pt.)) 

3 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
July 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

 
Item changed 

Nature of change 

3001.90.0190 

3001.90.0195 
3004.10.5045 

3004.10.5048 
3004.10.5049 
3004.20.0070 
3004.20.0071 
3004.20.0072 
3004.20.0075 

3004.20.0076 
3004.20.0080 
3004.20.0083 
3004.32.0000 

3004.32.0010 
3004.32.0040 
3004.32.0060 
3004.39.0020 
3004.39.0030 
3004.39.0040 
3004.39.0045 
3004.39.0050 

3004.39.0055 
3004.90.9202 

3004.90.9203 
3004.90.9204 
3004.90.9204 
3004.90.9205 
3004.90.9206 
3004.90.9206 
3004.90.9207 
3004.90.9208 
3004.90.9208 
3004.90.9209 
3004.90.9210 
3004.90.9211 

Discontinued (transferred to 3001.90.0165 and 
3001.90.0195) 
Established (transferred from 3001.90.0190 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.10.5048 and 
3004.10.5049) 
Established (transferred from 3004.10.5045 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.10.5045 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.20.0075 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.20.0075 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.20.0075 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.20.0070, 
3004.20.0071, 3004.20.0072, 3004.20.0076, 
3004.20.0080 and 3004.20.0083) 
Established (transferred from 3004.20.0075 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.20.0075 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.20.0075 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 3004.32.0010, 
3004.32.0040 and 3004.32.0060) 
Established (transferred from 3004.32.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.32.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.32.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.39.0050 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.39.0050 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.39.0050 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.39.0050 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.39.0020, 
3004.39.0030, 3004.39.0040, 3004.39.0045 and 
3004.39.0055) 
Established (transferred from 3004.39.0050 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9203, 
3004.90.9204, 3004.90.9205 and 3004.90.9206) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9202 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9207) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9202 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9202 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9208) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9202 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9204) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9209) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9206) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9208) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9212) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9213) 

4 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

 
Item changed 

Nature of change 

3004.90.9212 
3004.90.9212 
3004.90.9213 
3004.90.9213 
3004.90.9214 

3004.90.9215 
3004.90.9215 
3004.90.9216 
3004.90.9216 
3004.90.9217 
3004.90.9217 
3004.90.9218 
3004.90.9218 
3004.90.9219 
3004.90.9219 
3004.90.9220 
3004.90.9221 

3004.90.9222 
3004.90.9222 
3004.90.9223 
3004.90.9223 
3004.90.9224 
3004.90.9225 
3004.90.9225 
3004.90.9226 
3004.90.9227 
3004.90.9227 
3004.90.9228 
3004.90.9229 
3004.90.9229 
3004.90.9230 
3004.90.9231 
3004.90.9232 
3004.90.9232 
3004.90.9233 
3004.90.9233 
3004.90.9234 

3004.90.9234 
3004.90.9235 

Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9210) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9214 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9211) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9214 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9212, 
3004.90.9213 and 3004.90.9215) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9216) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9214 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9217) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9215) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9218) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9216) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9219) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9217) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9220) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9218) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9219) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9222, 
3004.90.9223, 3004.90.9224 and 3004.90.9225) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9226) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9221 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9227) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9221 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9221 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9228) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9221 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9222 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9229) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9223) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9225) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9230) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9227) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9229) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9232) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9233) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9231) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9234) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9232) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9235 and 
3004.90.9236) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9233) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9234 (pt.)) 

5 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 

 
Item changed 

Nature of change 

3004.90.9236 

3004.90.9236 
3004.90.9237 
3004.90.9237 
3004.90.9238 
3004.90.9239 
3004.90.9240 

3004.90.9241 
3004.90.9242 
3004.90.9243 
3004.90.9244 
3004.90.9244 
3004.90.9245 
3004.90.9246 
3004.90.9247 
3004.90.9248 
3004.90.9249 
3004.90.9250 
3004.90.9250 
3004.90.9251 
3004.90.9252 
3004.90.9253 
3004.90.9254 
3004.90.9255 
3004.90.9255 
3004.90.9256 
3004.90.9256 
3004.90.9257 
3004.90.9257 
3004.90.9258 
3004.90.9259 

3004.90.9260 
3004.90.9261 
3004.90.9262 
3004.90.9263 
3004.90.9264 
3004.90.9265 
3004.90.9266 
3004.90.9267 

Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9237, 
3004.90.9241 and 3004.90.9243) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9234 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9244) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9236 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9245) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9246) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9247, 
3004.90.9248 and 3004.90.9249) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9236 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9250) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9236 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9251) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9237) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9238) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9239) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9240 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9240 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9240 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9252) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9242) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9244) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9250) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9255) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9256) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9253) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9257) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9254) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9259 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9255) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9259 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9259 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9256, 
3004.90.9257, 3004.90.9258 and 3004.90.9260) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9259 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9263) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9266) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9261 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9270 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9270 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9262) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9270 (pt.)) 

6 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

 
Item changed 

Nature of change 

3004.90.9268 
3004.90.9268 
3004.90.9269 
3004.90.9270 

3004.90.9270 
3004.90.9271 
3004.90.9272 
3004.90.9273 
3004.90.9274 
3004.90.9275 
3004.90.9276 
3004.90.9276 
3004.90.9280 

3004.90.9284 
3004.90.9289 

3004.90.9291 

3504.00.5000 

3504.00.5010 
3504.00.5050 
3504.00.5080 
3801.90.0000 

3801.90.0010 
3801.90.0050 
3815.12.0000 

3815.12.0010 
3815.12.0090 
7306.30.1000 

7306.30.1010 
7306.30.1090 
7602.00.0045 
7602.00.0055 
7602.00.0065 
7602.00.0075 
7602.00.0095 

Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9263) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9276) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9280 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9264, 
3004.90.9265, 3004.90.9266 and 3004.90.9267) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9280 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9284) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9289 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9289 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9291 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9291 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9268) 
Established (transferred from 3004.90.9291 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9269 and 
3004.90.9270) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9271) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9272 and 
3004.90.9273) 
Discontinued (transferred to 3004.90.9274, 
3004.90.9275 and 3004.90.9276) 
Annotated (transferred to 3504.00.5010, 
3504.00.5050 and 3504.00.5080) 
Established (transferred from 3504.00.5000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3504.00.5000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3504.00.5000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 3801.90.0010 and 
3801.90.0050) 
Established (transferred from 3801.90.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3801.90.0000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 3815.12.0010 and 
3815.12.0090) 
Established (transferred from 3815.12.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 3815.12.0000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 7306.30.1010 and 
7306.30.1090) 
Established (transferred from 7306.30.1000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 7306.30.1000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 7602.00.0097 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 7602.00.0095) 
Established (transferred from 7602.00.0097 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 7602.00.0098) 
Discontinued (transferred to 7602.00.0055) 

7 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 

484(f) 

February 1, 2026 

484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

 
Item changed 

Nature of change 

7602.00.0097 

7602.00.0098 
8301.60.0000 

8301.60.0010 
8301.60.0060 
8301.70.0000 

8301.70.0010 
8301.70.0060 
Statistical note 8, ch 84 
8409.91.5085 
8409.99.9190 
8415.90.8010 
8415.90.8020 
8415.90.8025 

8415.90.8050 
8415.90.8065 

8415.90.8070 
8431.49.1070 
8431.49.1080 
8431.49.1090 

8431.49.9030 

8431.49.9032 
8431.49.9034 
8431.49.9039 
8431.49.9041 
8431.49.9044 

8431.49.9092 
8431.49.9094 
8431.49.9095 

8460.23.0055 
8460.23.0065 
8460.23.0075 
8460.23.0080 

8460.24.0010 

Discontinued (transferred to 7602.00.0045 and 
7602.00.0065) 
Discontinued (transferred to 7602.00.0075) 
Annotated (transferred to 8301.60.0010 and 
8301.60.0060) 
Established (transferred from 8301.60.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8301.60.0000 (pt.)) 
Annotated (transferred to 8301.70.0010 and 
8301.70.0060) 
Established (transferred from 8301.70.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8301.70.0000 (pt.)) 
Added 
Modified (“No.” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“No.” added as second unit of quantity) 
Established (transferred from 8415.90.8025 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8415.90.8025 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8415.90.8010 and 
8415.90.8020) 
Established (transferred from 8415.90.8065 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8415.90.8050 and 
8415.90.8070) 
Established (transferred from 8415.90.8065 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8431.49.1090 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8431.49.1090 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8431.49.1070 and 
8431.49.1080) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8431.49.9032 and 
8431.49.9034) 
Established (transferred from 8431.49.9030 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8431.49.9030 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8431.49.9044 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8431.49.9044 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8431.49.9039 and 
8431.49.9041) 
Established (transferred from 8431.49.9095 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8431.49.9095 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8431.49.9092 and 
8431.49.9094) 
Established (transferred from 8460.23.0080 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8460.23.0080 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8460.23.0080 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8460.23.0055, 
8460.23.0065 and 8460.23.0075) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8460.24.0080) 

8 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 

484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 

484(f) 

 
Item changed 

Nature of change 

8460.24.0030 
8460.24.0050 
8460.24.0080 

8482.91.0015 
8482.91.0020 

8482.91.0030 
Statistical notes 2–10, ch 85 

Statistical note 2, ch 85 
Statistical note 10, ch 85 
Statistical note 11, ch 85 
8504.21.0020 
8504.21.0040 
8504.21.0060 
8504.21.0080 
8504.22.0040 
8504.22.0080 
8504.23.0041 
8504.23.0045 
8504.23.0080 
8504.32.0000 
8504.33.0020 
8504.33.0040 
8504.34.0000 
8507.60.0020 

8507.60.0030 
8507.60.0090 
8541.29.0055 
8541.29.0065 
8541.29.0075 

8541.29.0085 
8541.29.0095 
8541.90.0000 

8541.90.0010 
8541.90.0080 
8807.90.3000 
9027.10.2000 
9030.90.4600 

Discontinued (transferred to 8460.24.0080) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8460.24.0080) 
Established (transferred from 8460.24.0010, 
8460.24.0030 and 8460.24.0050 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8482.91.0020 (pt.))  
Discontinued (transferred to 8482.91.0015 and 
8482.91.0030) 
Established (transferred from 8482.91.0020 (pt.)) 
Modified (renumbered note 2–9 as 3–10; 
renumbered note 10 as 12) 
Added 
Added 
Added 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“kg” added as second unit of quantity) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8507.60.0030 and 
8507.60.0090) 
Established (transferred from 8507.60.0020 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8507.60.0020 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8541.29.0095) 
Established (transferred from 8541.29.0075 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8541.29.0065 and 
8541.29.0085) 
Established (transferred from 8541.29.0075 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 8541.29.0055) 
Annotated (transferred to 8541.90.0010 and 
8541.90.0080) 
Established (transferred from 8541.90.0000 (pt.)) 
Established (transferred from 8541.90.0000 (pt.)) 
Modified (“No.” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“No.” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“No.” added as second unit of quantity) 

9 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

 
Item changed 

9401.99.9040 
9401.99.9070 

9401.99.9085 
9403.99.9061 
9405.99.4090 

Nature of change 
Established (transferred from 9401.99.9070 (pt.)) 
Discontinued (transferred to 9401.99.9040 and 
9401.99.9070) 
Established (transferred from 9401.99.9070 (pt.)) 
Modified (“No.” added as second unit of quantity) 
Modified (“No.” added as second unit of quantity) 

Effective date 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 
February 1, 2026 

Source 
484(f) 
484(f) 

484(f) 
484(f) 
484(f) 

10 

 
 
